Lateralization of phonetic and pitch discrimination in speech processing.
Frequency-dependent changes of regional cerebral blood flow during finger movements.
Noun and verb retrieval by normal subjects. Studies with PET.
Dissociating verbal and spatial working memory using PET.
Acoustic neuroma: correlations between morphology and otoneurological manifestations.
A parametric study of prefrontal cortex involvement in human working memory.
Environmental knowledge is subserved by separable dorsal/ventral neural areas.
Anatomy of motor learning. I. Frontal cortex and attention to action.
The functional anatomy of verbal initiation and suppression using the Hayling Test.
Multiple nonprimary motor areas in the human cortex.
Temporal dynamics of brain activation during a working memory task.
A role for the right anterior temporal lobe in taste quality recognition.
Pattern of neuronal activity associated with conscious and unconscious processing of visual signals.
Role of the supplementary motor area and the right premotor cortex in the coordination of bimanual finger movements.
Tumor necrosis factor alpha and its receptors in relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis.
Interference between two concurrent tasks is associated with activation of overlapping fields in the cortex.
Role of left inferior prefrontal cortex in retrieval of semantic knowledge: A reevaluation
Masked presentations of emotional facial expressions modulate amygdala activity without explicit knowledge.
Transition of brain activation from frontal to parietal areas in visuomotor sequence learning.
Functional-anatomic correlates of object priming in humans revealed by rapid presentation event-related fMRI.
Functional magnetic resonance imaging of category-specific cortical activation: evidence for semantic maps.
Clinical and laboratory features of myelitis patients with anti-neutrophil cytoplasmic antibodies.
Hemispheric specialization in human dorsal frontal cortex and medial temporal lobe for verbal and nonverbal memory encoding.
Human amygdala activation during conditioned fear acquisition and extinction: a mixed-trial fMRI study.
Brain systems mediating aversive conditioning: an event-related fMRI study.
Functional organization of spatial and nonspatial working memory processing within the human lateral frontal cortex.
Does the cerebellum contribute to cognitive aspects of speech production? A functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) study in humans.
Functional MRI studies of spatial and nonspatial working memory.
Neural systems affected in developmental dyslexia revealed by functional neuroimaging.
Reproducibility of fMRI results across four institutions using a spatial working memory task.
Neural systems underlying learning and representation of global motion.
A specific role for the thalamus in mediating the interaction of attention and arousal in humans.
A common network of functional areas for attention and eye movements.
Cortical fMRI activation produced by attentive tracking of moving targets.
Functional MRI of galvanic vestibular stimulation.
Dynamic pattern of brain activation during sequencing of word strings evaluated by fMRI.
Temporal and intensity coding of pain in human cortex.
Neuropsychological correlates of a right unilateral lacunar thalamic infarction.
Mapping of grey matter changes in schizophrenia.
Covariation of activity in visual and prefrontal cortex associated with subjective visual perception.
Physiological characteristics of capacity constraints in working memory as revealed by functional MRI.
Signal-, set- and movement-related activity in the human brain: an event-related fMRI study.
The functional anatomy of the normal human auditory system: responses to 0.5 and 4.0 kHz tones at varied intensities.
Correlation of regional cerebral blood flow and change of plasma sodium concentration during genesis and satiation of thirst.
Mandarin and English single word processing studied with functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Mapping of secondary somatosensory cortex activation induced by vibrational stimulation: an fMRI study.
Activation of Heschl's gyrus during auditory hallucinations.
Neural Correlates of Exposure to Traumatic Pictures and Sound in Vietnam Combat Veterans with and without Posttraumatic Stress Disorder: A Positron Emission Tomography Study
Ventromedial prefrontal cortex mediates guessing.
Frontal cortex and the programming of repetitive tapping movements in man: lesion effects and functional neuroimaging.
Learning-related neuronal responses in prefrontal cortex studied with functional neuroimaging.
Attenuated frontal activation in schizophrenia may be task dependent.
Recollection and familiarity in recognition memory: an event-related functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Social intelligence in the normal and autistic brain: an fMRI study.
An fMRI study of Stroop word-color interference: evidence for cingulate subregions subserving multiple distributed attentional systems.
A functional neuroimaging study of the variables that generate category-specific object processing differences.
Common inhibitory mechanism in human inferior prefrontal cortex revealed by event-related functional MRI.
A large-scale distributed network for covert spatial attention: further anatomical delineation based on stringent behavioural and cognitive controls.
Differential neural responses during performance of matching and nonmatching to sample tasks at two delay intervals.
Anterior cingulate cortex dysfunction in attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder revealed by fMRI and the Counting Stroop.
Functional specialization for semantic and phonological processing in the left inferior prefrontal cortex.
Cerebral correlates of preserved cognitive skills in autism: a functional MRI study of embedded figures task performance.
Semantic integration in reading: engagement of the right hemisphere during discourse processing.
Right prefrontal cortex and episodic memory retrieval: a functional MRI test of the monitoring hypothesis.
A neural basis for category and modality specificity of semantic knowledge.
Motivation effects in a dichotic listening task as evident from functional magnetic resonance imaging in human subjects.
Functional anatomy of pursuit eye movements in humans as revealed by fMRI.
Movement-related cerebellar activation in the absence of sensory input.
Neuronal substrates participating in attentional set-shifting of rules for visually guided motor selection: a functional magnetic resonance imaging investigation.
Processing of visually presented sentences in Mandarin and English studied with fMRI.
The time course of the BOLD response in the human auditory cortex to acoustic stimuli of different duration.
Supra-regional brain systems and the neuropathology of schizophrenia.
The functional neuroanatomy of novelty processing: integrating ERP and fMRI results.
Linear coupling between cerebral blood flow and oxygen consumption in activated human cortex.
Neuroanatomic substrates of semantic memory impairment in Alzheimer’s disease: Patterns of functional MRI activation
Electrophysiological studies of human face perception. I: Potentials generated in occipitotemporal cortex by face and non-face stimuli.
Electrophysiological studies of human face perception. II: Response properties of face-specific potentials generated in occipitotemporal cortex.
Activation of human language processing brain regions after the presentation of random letter strings demonstrated with event-related functional magnetic resonance imaging.
A developmental functional MRI study of spatial working memory.
Brain structures related to active and passive finger movements in man.
Functional MRI localisation of central nervous system regions associated with volitional inspiration in humans
Areas involved in encoding and applying directional expectations to moving objects.
Perceptual differentiation and category effects in normal object recognition: a PET study.
An event-related fMRI study of implicit phrase-level syntactic and semantic processing.
Tactile attention tasks enhance activation in somatosensory regions of parietal cortex: a positron emission tomography study.
When that tune runs through your head: a PET investigation of auditory imagery for familiar melodies.
An anatomical landmark for the supplementary eye fields in human revealed with functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Differences in frontal cortical activation by a working memory task after substitution of risperidone for typical antipsychotic drugs in patients with schizophrenia.
Neural representation of a rhythm depends on its interval ratio.
Spatiotemporal activity of a cortical network for processing visual motion revealed by MEG and fMRI.
Form and content: dissociating syntax and semantics in sentence comprehension.
The role of the posterior parietal cortex in human object recognition: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Amygdala-hippocampal involvement in human aversive trace conditioning revealed through event-related functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Short communication: mapping of somatosensory cortices with functional magnetic resonance imaging in anaesthetized macaque monkeys.
The effects of age on the neural correlates of episodic encoding.
Parietal and cingulate processes in central pain. A combined positron emission tomography (PET) and functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) study of an unusual case.
Distinct representations of eye gaze and identity in the distributed human neural system for face perception.
A cultural effect on brain function.
Reading the mind in cartoons and stories: an fMRI study of 'theory of mind' in verbal and nonverbal tasks.
Human cortical regions involved in extracting depth from motion.
Neural systems underlying the recognition of familiar and newly learned faces.
Cortical activity in precision- versus power-grip tasks: an fMRI study.
Visual function and brain organization in non-decussating retinal-fugal fibre syndrome.
Functional dissociation between medial and lateral prefrontal cortical spatiotemporal activation in negative and positive emotions: a combined fMRI/MEG study.
Event-related fMRI: comparison of conditions with varying BOLD overlap.
The visual word form area: spatial and temporal characterization of an initial stage of reading in normal subjects and posterior split-brain patients.
The architecture of the colour centre in the human visual brain: new results and a review.
Systematic approach to dipole localization of interictal EEG spikes in children with extratemporal lobe epilepsies.
Voice-selective areas in human auditory cortex.
fMRI study of bimanual coordination.
SPECT [I-123]iomazenil measurement of the benzodiazepine receptor in panic disorder.
Replication and further studies of neural mechanisms of spatial mnemonic processing in humans.
Functional asymmetry of human prefrontal cortex in verbal and non-verbal episodic memory as revealed by fMRI.
Prefrontal cortex activation in task switching: an event-related fMRI study.
Human cerebellum plays an important role in memory-timed finger movement: an fMRI study.
The calculating brain: an fMRI study.
A PET investigation of the attribution of intentions with a nonverbal task.
Human brain areas involved in the analysis of auditory movement.
A comparison of egocentric and allocentric spatial memory in a patient with selective hippocampal damage.
Recoding, storage, rehearsal and grouping in verbal short-term memory: an fMRI study.
Acquisition of novel semantic information in amnesia: effects of lesion location.
Conscious and unconscious processing of nonverbal predictability in Wernicke's area.
The neural correlates of 'deaf-hearing' in man: conscious sensory awareness enabled by attentional modulation.
Functional MRI evidence for a role of frontal and inferior temporal cortex in amodal components of priming.
Orienting attention in time: behavioural and neuroanatomical distinction between exogenous and endogenous shifts.
Fast reaction to different sensory modalities activates common fields in the motor areas, but the anterior cingulate cortex is involved in the speed of reaction.
Neural substrates for depth perception of the Necker cube; a functional magnetic resonance imaging study in human subjects.
A resource model of the neural basis of executive working memory.
What and when: parallel and convergent processing in motor control.
Essential role of the right superior parietal cortex in Japanese kana mirror reading: An fMRI study.
Neural activity relating to generation and representation of galvanic skin conductance responses: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
A stimulus-driven approach to object identity and location processing in the human brain.
Participation of the left posterior inferior temporal cortex in writing and mental recall of kanji orthography: A functional MRI study.
The amygdala theory of autism.
Differential amygdala responses to winning and losing: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study in humans.
Selective spatial attention in vision and touch: unimodal and multimodal mechanisms revealed by PET.
Responses to rare visual target and distractor stimuli using event-related fMRI.
Working memory for letters, shapes, and locations: fMRI evidence against stimulus-based regional organization in human prefrontal cortex.
Recognition of emotional prosody and verbal components of spoken language: an fMRI study.
Cortical activity during rotational and linear transformations.
Matching two imagined clocks: the functional anatomy of spatial analysis in the absence of visual stimulation.
Human temporal lobe activation by speech and nonspeech sounds.
Inaudible high-frequency sounds affect brain activity: hypersonic effect.
Reduced anterior cingulate gyrus volume correlates with executive dysfunction in men with first-episode schizophrenia.
An event-related functional MRI study of the stroop color word interference task.
A parametric manipulation of central executive functioning.
Attentional modulation of effective connectivity from V2 to V5/MT in humans.
Hemispheric lateralization at different levels of human auditory word processing: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Hemispheric preference in visuospatial processing: a complementary approach with fMRI and lesion studies.
Motor response suppression and the prepotent tendency to respond: a parametric fMRI study.
Cerebral regions associated with verbal response initiation, suppression and strategy use.
Hemispheric asymmetries and individual differences in visual concept learning as measured by functional MRI.
Interhemispheric transfer of language in patients with left frontal cerebral arteriovenous malformation.
Segregation of somatosensory activation in the human rolandic cortex using fMRI.
Dissociation of response conflict, attentional selection, and expectancy with functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Segregating semantic and syntactic aspects of processing in the human brain: an fMRI investigation of different word types.
Maintaining and shifting attention within left or right hemifield.
Auditory processing in the vegetative state.
Unconscious activation of visual cortex in the damaged right hemisphere of a parietal patient with extinction.
Episodic memory in left temporal lobe epilepsy: a functional MRI study.
Modulation and task effects in auditory processing measured using fMRI.
Differential limbic--cortical correlates of sadness and anxiety in healthy subjects: implications for affective disorders.
Visual perception of motion and 3-D structure from motion: an fMRI study.
The role of the lateral frontal cortex in mnemonic processing: the contribution of functional neuroimaging.
Control of action as mediated by the human frontal lobe.
Movement and mind: a functional imaging study of perception and interpretation of complex intentional movement patterns.
Cortical activations during paced finger-tapping applying visual and auditory pacing stimuli.
Modulation of task-related neural activity in task-switching: an fMRI study.
fMRI evidence of age-related hippocampal dysfunction in feature binding in working memory.
Magnetic resonance spectroscopy in schizophrenia: methodological issues and findings--part II.
Representation of the temporal envelope of sounds in the human brain.
Activation of the dorsal premotor cortex and pre-supplementary motor area of humans during an auditory conditional motor task.
Sex differences in lateralization revealed in the posterior language areas.
A comparison of visual and auditory motion processing in human cerebral cortex.
Working memory of auditory localization.
Brain somatic representation of phantom and intact limb: a fMRI study case report.
Involvement of the human frontal eye field and multiple parietal areas in covert visual selection during conjunction search.
Musical hallucinosis in acquired deafness. Phenomenology and brain substrate.
Somatosensory cortex responses to median nerve stimulation: fMRI effects of current amplitude and selective attention.
The functional neuroanatomy of social behaviour: changes in cerebral blood flow when people with autistic disorder process facial expressions.
Understanding dissociations in dyscalculia: a brain imaging study of the impact of number size on the cerebral networks for exact and approximate calculation.
The neurology of saccades and covert shifts in spatial attention: an event-related fMRI study.
Physiological dysfunction of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in schizophrenia revisited.
Partially overlapping neural networks for real and imagined hand movements.
Task-specific repetition priming in left inferior prefrontal cortex.
Neural substrates for the recognition of newly learned faces: a functional MRI study.
Cerebral activation pattern in primary writing tremor.
Neural correlates of the attentional blink.
The functional anatomy of auditory hallucinations in schizophrenia.
Regional cerebral blood flow after recovery from bulimia nervosa.
Disruption of the neural response to rapid acoustic stimuli in dyslexia: evidence from functional MRI.
The neurological basis of developmental dyslexia: an overview and working hypothesis.
Neural consequences of acting in near versus far space: a physiological basis for clinical dissociations.
'Where' depends on 'what': a differential functional anatomy for position discrimination in one- versus two-dimensions.
Naming of animals and tools: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study of categorical differences in the human brain areas commonly used for naming visually presented objects.
Learning- and expectation-related changes in the human brain during motor learning.
Tracking the hemodynamic responses to reward and punishment in the striatum.
Separate neural correlates for the mnemonic components of successive discrimination and working memory tasks.
The noradrenergic alpha2 agonist clonidine modulates behavioural and neuroanatomical correlates of human attentional orienting and alerting.
Dissociable mechanisms of attentional control within the human prefrontal cortex.
Domain-specific distribution of working memory processes along human prefrontal and parietal cortices: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Automatic activation of positive but not negative attitudes after traumatic brain injury.
Functional imaging of brain responses to pain. A review and meta-analysis (2000).
Characterizing the neural mechanisms of skill learning and repetition priming: evidence from mirror reading.
Separate neural subsystems within 'Wernicke's area'.
Depth of processing effects on neural correlates of memory encoding: relationship between findings from across- and within-task comparisons.
Multisensory cortical signal increases and decreases during vestibular galvanic stimulation (fMRI).
Cerebral cortical representation of automatic and volitional swallowing in humans.
Distributed neural systems for the generation of visual images.
Auditory processing across the sleep-wake cycle: simultaneous EEG and fMRI monitoring in humans.
PET evaluation of bilingual language compensation following early childhood brain damage.
Long-term retrograde amnesia...the crucial role of the hippocampus.
Perceptual specificity in visual object priming: functional magnetic resonance imaging evidence for a laterality difference in fusiform cortex.
A comparison of 'Early' and 'Late' stage brain activation during brief practice of a simple motor task.
Activity in fusiform face area modulated as a function of working memory load.
Detection of fMRI activation using cortical surface mapping.
Event-related fMRI study of response inhibition.
Error-related brain activation during a Go/NoGo response inhibition task.
Polymodal motion processing in posterior parietal and premotor cortex: a human fMRI study strongly implies equivalencies between humans and monkeys.
The role of the inferior parietal cortex in linking the tactile perception and manual construction of object shapes.
A default mode of brain function.
Event-related functional magnetic resonance imaging in Parkinson's disease before and after levodopa.
Interval and ordinal properties of sequences are associated with distinct premotor areas.
The neural bases of sentence comprehension: a fMRI examination of syntactic and lexical processing.
The role of dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in the preparation of forthcoming actions: an fMRI study.
Conjoint and extended neural networks for the computation of speech codes: the neural basis of selective impairment in reading words and pseudowords.
Audio-visual speech perception in schizophrenia: an fMRI study.
Neural activity in the human brain relating to uncertainty and arousal during anticipation.
The transfer of a timing pattern to the untrained human hand investigated with functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Amygdala response to facial expressions in children and adults.
An fMRI study of the functional neuroanatomy of picture encoding in younger and older adults.
Neuroanatomical discrimination between manipulating and maintaining processes involved in verbal working memory; a functional MRI study.
Functional organization of the lateral premotor cortex: fMRI reveals different regions activated by anticipation of object properties, location and speed.
Cortical effects of bromocriptine, a D-2 dopamine receptor agonist, in human subjects, revealed by fMRI.
Neural fate of seen and unseen faces in visuospatial neglect: a combined event-related functional MRI and event-related potential study.
Differential amygdala activation during emotional decision and recognition memory tasks using unpleasant words: an fMRI study.
Medial prefrontal cortex and self-referential mental activity: relation to a default mode of brain function.
Human brain regions involved in heading estimation.
FUNCTIONAL NEUROANATOMY OF THE COGNITIVE PROCESS OF MAPPING DURING DISCOURSE COMPREHENSION
Neural substrates of facial emotion processing using fMRI.
Dissociating neural correlates of cognitive components in mental calculation.
Activation of frontoparietal cortices during memorized triple-step sequences of saccadic eye movements: an fMRI study.
The neural correlates of person familiarity. A functional magnetic resonance imaging study with clinical implications.
Can medial temporal lobe regions distinguish true from false? An event-related functional MRI study of veridical and illusory recognition memory.
An event-related functional magnetic resonance imaging study of an auditory oddball task in schizophrenia.
Remodelling of sensorimotor maps in paraplegia: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study after a surgical nerve transfer.
Predictability modulates human brain response to reward.
Atypical patterns of cerebral motor activation in autism: a functional magnetic resonance study.
Comparison of the effects of risperidone and haloperidol on regional cerebral blood flow in schizophrenia.
Multiple supratemporal sources of magnetic and electric auditory evoked middle latency components in humans.
Somatotopic organization of human secondary somatosensory cortex.
Functional organisation of the saccadic reference system processing extraretinal signals in humans.
Putting spatial attention on the map: timing and localization of stimulus selection processes in striate and extrastriate visual areas.
Sustained extrastriate cortical activation without visual awareness revealed by fMRI studies of hemianopic patients.
Cortical activation by tactile and painful stimuli in hemispherectomized patients.
Statistical Brain Mapping of 18F-FDG PET in Alzheimer's Disease: Validation of Anatomic Standardization for Atrophied Brains
The role of coherence and cohesion in text comprehension: an event-related fMRI study.
Working memory of identification of emotional vocal expressions: an fMRI study.
The effects of bilateral hippocampal damage on fMRI regional activations and interactions during memory retrieval.
Normal sexual dimorphism of the adult human brain assessed by in vivo magnetic resonance imaging.
Cerebral gray and white matter reductions and clinical correlates in patients with early onset schizophrenia.
Differential fronto-parietal activation depending on force used in a precision grip task: an fMRI study.
Functional imaging of neural responses to expectancy and experience of monetary gains and losses.
Conscious recollection and illusory recognition: an event-related fMRI study.
Effects of attention and emotion on face processing in the human brain: an event-related fMRI study.
Are child-, adolescent-, and adult-onset depression one and the same disorder?
Attention systems and the organization of the human parietal cortex.
Dipole localization for identification of neuronal generators in independent neighboring interictal EEG spike foci.
Structure--function spatial covariance in the human visual cortex.
Functional magnetic resonance imaging of working memory impairment after traumatic brain injury.
Brain strategies for reading in the second language are determined by the first language.
Investigating the functional anatomy of empathy and forgiveness.
Recovering meaning: left prefrontal cortex guides controlled semantic retrieval.
Working memory in another dimension: functional imaging of human olfactory working memory.
Functional neuroanatomy of three-term relational reasoning.
Neural activity associated with episodic memory for emotional context.
Brain activation during automatic and controlled processing of semantic relations: a priming experiment using lexical-decision.
In-vivo analysis of the human planum temporale (PT): does the definition of PT borders influence the results with regard to cerebral asymmetry and correlation with handedness?
Neural correlates of dual task interference can be dissociated from those of divided attention: an fMRI study.
Anterior cingulate cortex and response conflict: effects of response modality and processing domain.
Structural asymmetries in the human brain: a voxel-based statistical analysis of 142 MRI scans.
Human cortical networks for new and familiar sequences of saccades.
Spectral and temporal processing in human auditory cortex.
New Evidence for Distinct Right and Left Brain Systems for Deductive versus Probabilistic Reasoning.
Human brain activity in the control of fine static precision grip forces: an fMRI study.
Functional neuroanatomy of biological motion perception in humans.
Spatial coding of visual and somatic sensory information in body-centred coordinates.
Task-dependent modulation of regions in the left inferior frontal cortex during semantic processing.
Spatial attention and crossmodal interactions between vision and touch.
Wisconsin Card Sorting revisited: distinct neural circuits participating in different stages of the task identified by event-related functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Prefrontal regions involved in keeping information in and out of mind.
Temporal characterization of memory retrieval processes: an fMRI study of the "tip of the tongue" phenomenon.
Differential frontal activation in schizophrenia and bipolar illness during verbal fluency.
Dissociating memory retrieval processes using fMRI: evidence that priming does not support recognition memory.
Brain Activity During the Encoding, Retention, and Retrieval of Stimulus Representations
Encoding and retrieval related cerebral activation in continuous verbal recognition.
Cortical substrates for the perception of face actions: an fMRI study of the specificity of activation for seen speech and for meaningless lower-face acts (gurning).
fMRI-derived cortical maps for haptic shape, texture, and hardness.
Left superior parietal cortex involvement in writing: integrating fMRI with lesion evidence.
Dissociation of verbal working memory system components using a delayed serial recall task.
Anterior prefrontal cortex mediates rule learning in humans.
Effects of domain-specific interference on brain activation associated with verbal working memory task performance.
Is there an anatomical basis for category-specificity? Semantic memory studies in PET and fMRI.
An fMRI study of reduced left prefrontal activation in schizophrenia during normal inhibitory function.
Language lateralization in schizophrenia, an fMRI study.
Distinguishing subregions of the human MT+ complex using visual fields and pursuit eye movements.
Human cortical activity correlates with stereoscopic depth perception.
Modality specific neural correlates of auditory and somatic hallucinations.
Task instructions influence the cognitive strategies involved in line bisection judgements: evidence from modulated neural mechanisms revealed by fMRI.
The semantic interference effect in the picture-word paradigm: an event-related fMRI study employing overt responses.
Phantom movements and pain. An fMRI study in upper limb amputees.
Electrophysiological analysis of cortical mechanisms of selective attention to high and low spatial frequencies.
Selective activation of the ventrolateral prefrontal cortex in the human brain during active retrieval processing.
Cortical and subcortical vestibular response to caloric stimulation detected by functional magnetic resonance imaging.
The relative involvement of anterior cingulate and prefrontal cortex in attentional control depends on nature of conflict.
Retrieval of long and short lists from long term memory: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study with human subjects.
Activation during endogenous orienting of visual attention using symbolic pointers in the human parietal and frontal cortices: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Impact of early deafness and early exposure to sign language on the cerebral organization for motion processing.
Limbic abnormalities in affective processing by criminal psychopaths as revealed by functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Unilateral left prefrontal transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) produces intensity-dependent bilateral effects as measured by interleaved BOLD fMRI.
Task-dependency of the neural correlates of episodic encoding as measured by fMRI.
De-coupling of cognitive performance and cerebral functional response during working memory in schizophrenia.
Functional MRI of language processing: dependence on input modality and temporal lobe epilepsy.
A neural network reflecting decisions about human faces.
Spectral and temporal processing in human auditory cortex.
Face repetition effects in implicit and explicit memory tests as measured by fMRI.
Exacerbation of pain by anxiety is associated with activity in a hippocampal network.
An fMRI study of anterior cingulate function in posttraumatic stress disorder.
Neural substrates of animal mental imagery: calcarine sulcus and dorsal pathway involvement--an fMRI study.
MRI study of thalamic volumes in bipolar and unipolar patients and healthy individuals.
Adaptive Changes in Early and Late Blind: A fMRI Study of Braille Reading
A cortical network sensitive to stimulus salience in a neutral behavioral context across multiple sensory modalities.
Cerebellar involvement in response reassignment rather than attention.
An expanded cortical representation for hand movement after peripheral motor denervation.
Age-related changes in working memory during sentence comprehension: an fMRI study.
Immature frontal lobe contributions to cognitive control in children: evidence from fMRI.
Decreased gray matter concentration in the insular, orbitofrontal, cingulate, and temporal cortices of cocaine patients.
Dissociable neural responses related to pain intensity, stimulus intensity, and stimulus awareness within the anterior cingulate cortex: a parametric single-trial laser functional magnetic resonance i
Topographical layout of hand, eye, calculation, and language-related areas in the human parietal lobe.
The effect of spatial and temporal information on saccades and neural activity in oculomotor structures.
Neural basis for sentence comprehension: grammatical and short-term memory components.
Cortical sources of the early components of the visual evoked potential.
Neural representation of verb meaning: an fMRI study.
Isotropic resolution diffusion tensor imaging with whole brain acquisition in a clinically acceptable time.
Impaired facial affect recognition and emotional changes in subjects with transmodal cortical lesions.
Top-down controlled visual dimension weighting: an event-related fMRI study.
Attention to action in Parkinson's disease: impaired effective connectivity among frontal cortical regions.
Imaging how attention modulates pain in humans using functional MRI.
Brain activity during simulated deception: an event-related functional magnetic resonance study.
Automatic and intentional brain responses during evaluation of trustworthiness of faces.
Fear conditioning in humans: the influence of awareness and autonomic arousal on functional neuroanatomy.
The neural substrate of orientation short-term memory and resistance to distractor items.
Human temporal-lobe response to vocal sounds.
The experimental combination of rTMS and fMRI reveals the functional relevance of parietal cortex for visuospatial functions.
Effects of hyperoxia on human sensorimotor cortex activity produced by electrical stimulation of the median nerve: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Neural responses during anticipation of a primary taste reward.
Neural mechanisms of planning: a computational analysis using event-related fMRI.
Directing attention to locations and to sensory modalities: multiple levels of selective processing revealed with PET.
Representation of pain and somatic sensation in the human insula: a study of responses to direct electrical cortical stimulation.
Mechanical noxious stimuli cause bilateral activation of parietal operculum in callosotomized subjects.
Sentence processing strategies in healthy seniors with poor comprehension: an fMRI study.
Mental navigation in humans is processed in the anterior bank of the parieto-occipital sulcus.
Speechreading circuits in people born deaf.
Modulation of spatial attention by fear-conditioned stimuli: an event-related fMRI study.
Mental rotation versus invariant features in object perception from different viewpoints: an fMRI study.
Integration of emotion and cognition in the lateral prefrontal cortex.
Phonetic perception and the temporal cortex.
The role of the amygdala in signaling prospective outcome of choice.
Processing of changes in visual speech in the human auditory cortex.
An event-related functional MRI study comparing interference effects in the Simon and Stroop tasks.
A potential role for thalamocingulate circuitry in human maternal behavior.
Neural correlates of encoding space from route and survey perspectives.
The neural correlates of moral sensitivity: a functional magnetic resonance imaging investigation of basic and moral emotions.
Perception of sound-source motion by the human brain.
Brain activity related to integrative processes in visual object recognition: bottom-up integration and the modulatory influence of stored knowledge.
Novelty-related activation within the medial temporal lobes.
Topographic segregation and convergence of verbal, object, shape and spatial working memory in humans.
Recruitment of anterior dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in human reasoning: a parametric study of relational complexity.
Experience-dependent modulation of category-related cortical activity.
Spatial congruence of neuronavigated transcranial magnetic stimulation and functional neuroimaging.
The role of lateral premotor-cerebellar-parietal circuits in motor sequence control: a parametric fMRI study.
Neural activation during an explicit categorization task: category- or feature-specific effects?
The neural system that bridges reward and cognition in humans: an fMRI study.
Brain activation and sexual arousal in healthy, heterosexual males.
Posterior parietal cortex is implicated in continuous switching between verbal fluency tasks: an fMRI study with clinical implications.
Human regional cerebral glucose metabolism during non-rapid eye movement sleep in relation to waking.
Role of the human medial frontal cortex in task switching: a combined fMRI and TMS study.
Can't shake that feeling: event-related fMRI assessment of sustained amygdala activity in response to emotional information in depressed individuals.
Longitudinal PET Evaluation of Cerebral Metabolic Decline in Dementia: A Potential Outcome Measure in Alzheimer's Disease Treatment Studies
Coordinate and categorical judgements in spatial imagery. An fMRI study.
Haptic study of three-dimensional objects activates extrastriate visual areas.
Motor-induced brain activation in cortical, subcortical and cerebellar regions in schizophrenic inpatients. A whole brain fMRI fingertapping study.
Reactivation of networks involved in preparatory states.
Painful stimuli evoke different stimulus-response functions in the amygdala, prefrontal, insula and somatosensory cortex: a single-trial fMRI study.
Hemispheric asymmetry in human lateral prefrontal cortex during cognitive set shifting.
Perfusion MRI and computerized cognitive test abnormalities in abstinent methamphetamine users.
Defining the neural mechanisms of probabilistic reversal learning using event-related functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Effect of impaired recognition and expression of emotions on frontocingulate cortices: an fMRI study of men with alexithymia.
The stressed hippocampus, synaptic plasticity and lost memories.
The neural substrates of biological motion perception: an fMRI study.
Detection and localization of focal cortical dysplasia by voxel-based 3-D MRI analysis.
Driving plasticity in human adult motor cortex is associated with improved motor function after brain injury.
Crossmodal spatial influences of touch on extrastriate visual areas take current gaze direction into account.
Parietal dysfunction is associated with increased outcome-related decision-making in schizophrenia patients.
A comparison of bound and unbound audio-visual information processing in the human cerebral cortex.
Comparing the brain areas supporting nondeclarative categorization and recognition memory.
Functional MRI of motor sequence acquisition: effects of learning stage and performance.
Neural systems underlying British Sign Language and audio-visual English processing in native users.
Brain anatomy and sensorimotor gating in Asperger's syndrome.
Cortical motor reorganization after a single clinical attack of multiple sclerosis.
The spatiotemporal dynamics of illusory contour processing: combined high-density electrical mapping, source analysis, and functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Brain regions controlling nonsynergistic versus synergistic movement of the digits: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Neural activity in human primary motor cortex areas 4a and 4p is modulated differentially by attention to action.
Auditory-somatosensory multisensory processing in auditory association cortex: an fMRI study.
Common neural processing regions for dynamic and static stereopsis in human parieto-occipital cortices.
Functional magnetic resonance imaging detects activation of the visual association cortex during laser acupuncture of the foot in humans.
Posterior parietal cortex control of reach-to-grasp movements in humans.
Functional brain activation during arithmetic processing in females with fragile X Syndrome is related to FMR1 protein expression.
Modulation of activity in temporal cortex during generation of inner speech.
Modality independence of word comprehension.
Different activation dynamics in multiple neural systems during simulated driving.
Modulation of motor and premotor activity during imitation of target-directed actions.
Distributed cortical systems in visual short-term memory revealed by event-related functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Crossmodal processing of object features in human anterior intraparietal cortex: an fMRI study implies equivalencies between humans and monkeys.
Tracking the mind's image in the brain II: transcranial magnetic stimulation reveals parietal asymmetry in visuospatial imagery.
Broca's area in the human brain is involved in the selection of grammatical gender for language production: evidence from event-related functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Spatial summation of pain processing in the human brain as assessed by cerebral event related potentials.
An fMRI study of intentional and unintentional (embarrassing) violations of social norms.
The functional significance of perinatal corpus callosum damage: an fMRI study in young adults.
Neural correlates of self-reflection.
Autism, Asperger syndrome and brain mechanisms for the attribution of mental states to animated shapes.
Adult Age Differences in Visual Word Identification: Functional Neuroanatomy by Positron Emission Tomography
Anatomical localization and intra-subject reproducibility of laser evoked potential source in cingulate cortex, using a realistic head model.
Working Memory for Complex Figures: An fMRI Comparison of Letter and Fractal n-Back Tasks
Brain circuits involved in emotional learning in antisocial behavior and social phobia in humans.
Parahippocampal reactivation signal at retrieval after interruption of rehearsal.
Medial prefrontal and subcortical mechanisms underlying the acquisition of motor and cognitive action sequences in humans.
A neural basis for social cooperation.
Interhemispheric transmission of visuomotor information in humans: fMRI evidence.
Correlation of cerebral blood flow and treatment effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in depressed patients.
Differential amygdala response during facial recognition in patients with schizophrenia: an fMRI study.
Procedural learning in schizophrenia: a functional magnetic resonance imaging investigation.
Brain activation during whole body cooling in humans studied with functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Delayed striate cortical activation during spatial attention.
Specialization in the left prefrontal cortex for sentence comprehension.
Imaging the intentional stance in a competitive game.
Hippocampal and brain stem activation during word retrieval after repeated and semantic encoding.
The role of the frontal cortex in task preparation.
Two mechanisms of protracted reaction times mediated by dissociable cortical networks.
Common prefrontal regions coactivate with dissociable posterior regions during controlled semantic and phonological tasks.
Odorant differentiated pattern of cerebral activation: comparison of acetone and vanillin.
Assessment of spatial normalization of whole-brain magnetic resonance images in children.
Hypothesis testing for selective, differential, and conjoined brain activation.
Direct comparison of neural systems mediating conscious and unconscious skill learning.
BOLD fMRI identifies limbic, paralimbic, and cerebellar activation during air hunger.
Evidence for cortical encoding specificity in episodic memory: memory-induced re-activation of picture processing areas.
Neural response to emotional faces with and without awareness: event-related fMRI in a parietal patient with visual extinction and spatial neglect.
Brain activation during script-driven imagery induced dissociative responses in PTSD: a functional magnetic resonance imaging investigation.
Subcortical structures involved in pain processing: evidence from single-trial fMRI.
Two types of ipsilateral reorganization in congenital hemiparesis: a TMS and fMRI study.
Neural basis of protracted developmental changes in visuo-spatial working memory.
Dissociating striatal and hippocampal function developmentally with a stimulus-response compatibility task.
FMRI reveals brain regions mediating slow prosodic modulations in spoken sentences.
Eyeblink-related areas in human cerebellum as shown by fMRI.
Brain Areas Active during Visual Perception of Biological Motion.
Functional neuroimaging studies of human somatosensory cortex.
Spatial attention and memory versus motor preparation: premotor cortex involvement as revealed by fMRI.
Word retrieval learning modulates right frontal cortex in patients with left frontal damage.
Neural correlates for feeling-of-knowing: an fMRI parametric analysis.
Speech processing activates visual cortex in congenitally blind humans.
Tactile motion activates the human middle temporal/V5 (MT/V5) complex.
Neural correlates of visual working memory: fMRI amplitude predicts task performance.
Executive control during episodic retrieval: multiple prefrontal processes subserve source memory.
Separable neuronal circuitries for manipulable and non-manipulable objects in working memory.
Two attentional processes in the parietal lobe.
The role of rostral Brodmann area 6 in mental-operation tasks: an integrative neuroimaging approach.
Neural circuitry underlying perception of duration depends on language experience.
Differential involvement of parietal and precentral regions in movement preparation and motor intention.
Changes of non-affected upper limb cortical representation in paraplegic patients as assessed by fMRI.
Statistical parametric mapping of LORETA using high density EEG and individual MRI: application to mismatch negativities in schizophrenia.
Medial temporal lobe activation during context-dependent relational processes in episodic retrieval: an fMRI study. Functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Novelty detection and repetition suppression in a passive picture viewing task: a possible approach for the evaluation of neuropsychiatric disorders.
Bilateral hemispheric alteration of memory processes in right medial temporal lobe epilepsy.
Practice-dependent modulation of neural activity during human sensorimotor coordination: a functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging study.
Reduced 5-HT2A receptor binding after recovery from anorexia nervosa.
Gender differences in neural correlates of recognition of happy and sad faces in humans assessed by functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Simultaneous electroencephalography and functional magnetic resonance imaging of primary and secondary somatosensory cortex in humans after electrical stimulation.
The roles of the cerebellum and basal ganglia in timing and error prediction.
Cognitive mechanisms of nicotine on visual attention.
Analysis of cerebral blood flow of subcortical vascular dementia with single photon emission computed tomography: adaptation of statistical parametric mapping.
Women and men exhibit different cortical activation patterns during mental rotation tasks.
Evidence for asymmetric frontal-lobe involvement in episodic memory from functional magnetic resonance imaging and patients with unilateral frontal-lobe excisions.
Neural correlates of successful encoding identified using functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Neural correlates of recency judgment.
Distinct neural systems subserve person and object knowledge.
Dynamic patterns make the premotor cortex interested in objects: influence of stimulus and task revealed by fMRI.
Lack of self-control as assessed by a personality inventory is related to reduced volume of supplementary motor area.
Neural correlates of retrieval processing in the prefrontal cortex during recognition and exclusion tasks.
Frontal and parietal lobe activation during transitive inference in humans.
Neural basis of mental scanning of a topographic representation built from a text.
A computational morphometric MRI study of schizophrenia: effects of hallucinations.
Medial temporal lobe activity during semantic classification using a flexible fMRI design.
Correlation between motor improvements and altered fMRI activity after rehabilitative therapy.
Effects of practice on executive control investigated with fMRI.
Voxel based morphometry of grey matter abnormalities in patients with medically intractable temporal lobe epilepsy: effects of side of seizure onset and epilepsy duration.
Alterations in brain activation during cholinergic enhancement with rivastigmine in Alzheimer's disease.
The processing of temporal pitch and melody information in auditory cortex.
Posterior cingulate cortex activation by emotional words: fMRI evidence from a valence decision task.
A procedure for identifying regions preferentially activated by attention to semantic and phonological relations using functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Assembling and encoding word representations: fMRI subsequent memory effects implicate a role for phonological control.
Memory orientation and success: separable neurocognitive components underlying episodic recognition.
Functional topography of a distributed neural system for spatial and nonspatial information maintenance in working memory.
Switching attention and resolving interference: fMRI measures of executive functions.
Prefrontal activity associated with working memory and episodic long-term memory.
Attention-related activity during episodic memory retrieval: a cross-function fMRI study.
Spatio-temporal dynamics of brain mechanisms in aversive classical conditioning: high-density event-related potential and brain electrical tomography analyses.
Adaptive changes in early and late blind: a FMRI study of verb generation to heard nouns.
Neuroanatomical correlates of episodic encoding and retrieval in young and elderly subjects.
Comparison of eyeblink conditioning in patients with superior and posterior inferior cerebellar lesions.
A neural basis for the perception of voices in external auditory space.
Age effects on the neural correlates of successful memory encoding.
Functional heterogeneity in human olfactory cortex: an event-related functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Appetitive and aversive olfactory learning in humans studied using event-related functional magnetic resonance imaging.
fMRI studies of associative encoding in young and elderly controls and mild Alzheimer's disease.
Orthography effect on brain activities in the working memory process for phonologically ambiguous syllables: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study using Japanese speakers.
The role of medial temporal lobe structures in implicit learning: an event-related FMRI study.
Voxel-Based Morphometric Analysis of Gray Matter in First Episode Schizophrenia
Functional connectivity in the resting brain: a network analysis of the default mode hypothesis.
Parieto-frontal networks for clock drawing revealed with fMRI.
Practice and difficulty evoke anatomically and pharmacologically dissociable brain activation dynamics.
Foot, hand, face and eye representation in the human striatum.
The role of left inferior frontal and superior temporal cortex in sentence comprehension: localizing syntactic and semantic processes.
Prefrontal-posterior parietal networks in schizophrenia: primary dysfunctions and secondary compensations.
Decision making by methamphetamine-dependent subjects is associated with error-rate-independent decrease in prefrontal and parietal activation.
Ketamine and fMRI BOLD signal: distinguishing between effects mediated by change in blood flow versus change in cognitive state.
Modulation of cortical activity during different imitative behaviors.
Early setting of grammatical processing in the bilingual brain.
Premotor cortex in observing erroneous action: an fMRI study.
Functional specialization within the anterior medial prefrontal cortex: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study with human subjects.
Functional magnetic resonance imaging mirrors recovery of visual perception after repetitive tachistoscopic stimulation in patients with partial cortical blindness.
Functional imaging of the semantic system: retrieval of sensory-experienced and verbally learned knowledge.
Neural basis for semantic memory difficulty in Alzheimer's disease: an fMRI study.
Encoding strategies dissociate prefrontal activity from working memory demand.
Abnormal prefrontal cortex function during response inhibition in Turner syndrome: functional magnetic resonance imaging evidence.
EEG in adult-onset idiopathic generalized epilepsy.
An fMRI study investigating cognitive modulation of brain regions associated with emotional processing of visual stimuli.
Recall of emotional states in posttraumatic stress disorder: an fMRI investigation.
Activation of the medial prefrontal cortex and extended amygdala by individual ratings of emotional arousal: a fMRI study.
Volume estimation of prefrontal cortical subfields using MRI and stereology.
Rostral anterior cingulate cortex dysfunction during error processing in schizophrenia.
Differential remoteness and emotional tone modulate the neural correlates of autobiographical memory.
FMRI evidence for an organization of prefrontal cortex by both type of process and type of information.
Instructed delay activity in the human prefrontal cortex is modulated by monetary reward expectation.
Functional properties of brain areas associated with motor execution and imagery.
Preparatory set associated with pro-saccades and anti-saccades in humans investigated with event-related FMRI.
Neural networks for the coordination of the hands in time.
Rapid visuomotor preparation in the human brain: a functional MRI study.
A functional MRI study of high-level cognition. I. The game of chess.
A functional MRI study of high-level cognition. II. The game of GO.
Motor and parietal cortical areas both underlie kinaesthesia.
Functional comparison of primacy, middle and recency retrieval in human auditory short-term memory: an event-related fMRI study.
Differential cortical activation during voluntary and reflexive saccades in man.
Maintenance versus manipulation in verbal working memory revisited: an fMRI study.
A region of mesial prefrontal cortex tracks monetarily rewarding outcomes: characterization with rapid event-related fMRI.
Left and right occipital cortices differ in their response to spatial cueing.
Separating distractor rejection and target detection in posterior parietal cortex--an event-related fMRI study of visual marking.
Modulating the experience of agency: a positron emission tomography study.
Frontostriatal system in planning complexity: a parametric functional magnetic resonance version of Tower of London task.
Change the mind and you change the brain: effects of cognitive-behavioral therapy on the neural correlates of spider phobia.
Quantitative fMRI assessment of the differences in lateralization of language-related brain activation in patients with temporal lobe epilepsy.
Emotional context modulates subsequent memory effect.
Reproducibility of the word frequency effect: comparison of signal change and voxel counting.
Practice-related effects demonstrate complementary roles of anterior cingulate and prefrontal cortices in attentional control.
Objects and their actions: evidence for a neurally distributed semantic system.
A supramodal number representation in human intraparietal cortex.
Human cortical object recognition from a visual motion flowfield.
A cross-linguistic fMRI study of perception of intonation and emotion in Chinese.
Developmental aspects of language processing: fMRI of verbal fluency in children and adults.
Comparison of block and event-related fMRI designs in evaluating the word-frequency effect.
Bilateral brain abnormalities associated with dominantly inherited verbal and orofacial dyspraxia.
Distinct brain regions associated with syllable and phoneme.
Involvement of the cerebellum in semantic discrimination: an fMRI study.
Neural basis of the non-attentional processing of briefly presented words.
An fMRI study comparing brain activation between word generation and electrical stimulation of language-implicated acupoints.
Neural basis of visually guided head movements studied with fMRI.
Differentiation of visceral and cutaneous pain in the human brain.
Reversed cerebellar asymmetry in men with first-episode schizophrenia.
Motor learning elicited by voluntary drive.
Age-related changes in the neural correlates of motor performance
The well-worn route and the path less traveled: distinct neural bases of route following and wayfinding in humans.
Dissociating the roles of the rostral anterior cingulate and the lateral prefrontal cortices in performing two tasks simultaneously or successively.
Modulation of neural activity during object naming: effects of time and practice.
Contralateral coding of imagined body parts in the superior parietal lobe.
Preserved ability to recognize keywords related to remote events in the absence of retrieval of relevant knowledge: a case of postencephalitic amnesia.
Neural correlates of anxiety associated with obsessive-compulsive symptom dimensions in normal volunteers.
Neocortical modulation of the amygdala response to fearful stimuli.
Neural circuitry underlying voluntary suppression of sadness.
Effects of attention and emotion on repetition priming and their modulation by cholinergic enhancement.
Functional properties and interaction of the anterior and posterior intraparietal areas in humans.
What neural correlates underlie successful encoding and retrieval? A functional magnetic resonance imaging study using a divided attention paradigm.
Temporal integration of speech prosody is shaped by language experience: an fMRI study.
A functional magnetic resonance imaging study of internal modulation of an external visual cue for motor execution.
Nonconscious formation and reactivation of semantic associations by way of the medial temporal lobe.
Delusions of alien control in the normal brain.
The posterior cingulate and medial prefrontal cortex mediate the anticipatory allocation of spatial attention.
Novelty responses and differential effects of order in the amygdala, substantia innominata, and inferior temporal cortex.
Dipole source localization and fMRI of simultaneously recorded data applied to somatosensory categorization.
Frequency effects of Chinese character processing in the brain: an event-related fMRI study.
Parametric analysis of rate-dependent hemodynamic response functions of cortical and subcortical brain structures during auditorily cued finger tapping: a fMRI study.
Single trial fMRI reveals significant contralateral bias in responses to laser pain within thalamus and somatosensory cortices.
Functional MRI of brain activation evoked by intentional eye blinking.
The neural basis of individual differences in working memory capacity: an fMRI study.
Activation of the inferior frontal cortex in musical priming.
Attentional set for external information activates the right intraparietal area.
Focused attention in a simple dichotic listening task: an fMRI experiment.
Rule learning in a serial reaction time task: an fMRI study on patients with early Parkinson's disease.
Phonological processing during language production: fMRI evidence for a shared production-comprehension network.
Differential effects of syntactic and semantic processing on the subregions of Broca's area.
An FMRI study of the role of the medial temporal lobe in implicit and explicit sequence learning.
Haloperidol challenge in healthy male humans: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Predicting the practice effects on the blood oxygenation level-dependent (BOLD) function of fMRI in a symbolic manipulation task.
Neuroimaging studies of word and pseudoword reading: consistencies, inconsistencies, and limitations.
The size of corpus callosum correlates with functional activation of medial motor cortical areas in bimanual and unimanual movements.
Source analysis of event-related cortical activity during visuo-spatial attention.
An event-related fMRI study of explicit syntactic processing of normal/anomalous sentences in contrast to implicit syntactic processing.
The effects of attention on speech perception: an fMRI study.
Neural mechanisms of empathy in humans: a relay from neural systems for imitation to limbic areas.
Searching for a structural endophenotype in psychosis using computational morphometry.
Cerebellar responses evoked by nociceptive leg withdrawal reflex as revealed by event-related FMRI.
Both parietal lobes are involved in drawing: a functional MRI study and implications for constructional apraxia.
The mid-ventrolateral prefrontal cortex: insights into its role in memory retrieval.
Cerebral regions processing first- and higher-order motion in an opposed-direction discrimination task.
Neural correlates of tactile prepulse inhibition: a functional MRI study in normal and schizophrenic subjects.
Impairment in basal limbic function in schizophrenia during affect recognition.
Hierarchical processing in spoken language comprehension.
Reappraisal of the motor role of basal ganglia: a functional magnetic resonance image study.
Temporal prediction errors in a passive learning task activate human striatum.
Feeling-of-knowing in episodic memory: an event-related fMRI study.
Are action and perception in near and far space additive or interactive factors?
Evidence for axonal pathology and adaptive cortical reorganization in patients at presentation with clinically isolated syndromes suggestive of multiple sclerosis.
Changes in cerebral morphology consequent to peripheral autonomic denervation.
How atypical is atypical language dominance?
Activations related to "mirror" and "canonical" neurones in the human brain: an fMRI study.
Neural correlates of "hot" and "cold" emotional processing: a multilevel approach to the functional anatomy of emotion.
Differential brain responses when applying criterion attribute versus family resemblance rule learning.
Demand on verbal working memory delays haemodynamic response in the inferior prefrontal cortex.
Brain activation patterns during a selective attention test-a functional MRI study in healthy volunteers and patients with schizophrenia.
Why are smiles contagious? An fMRI study of the interaction between perception of facial affect and facial movements.
Differential amygdalar response to novel versus newly familiar neutral faces: a functional MRI probe developed for studying inhibited temperament.
Differential patterns of striatal activation in young children with and without ADHD.
A fMRI study of word retrieval in aphasia.
Distributed cortical networks for syntax processing: Broca's area as the common denominator.
Central representation of visceral and cutaneous hypersensitivity in the irritable bowel syndrome.
Linguistic theory and neuroimaging evidence: an fMRI study of Broca's area in lexical semantics.
Material-dependent and material-independent selection processes in the frontal and parietal lobes: an event-related fMRI investigation of response competition.
Brain regions sensitive to the face inversion effect: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study in humans.
Deficits of memory, executive functioning and attention following infarction in the thalamus; a study of 22 cases with localised lesions.
Tactile-visual cross-modal shape matching: a functional MRI study.
Modulation of neural responses to speech by directing attention to voices or verbal content.
Shared and dissociated cortical regions for object and letter processing.
Distinct prefrontal cortex activity associated with item memory and source memory for visual shapes.
Neural correlates of outcome after stroke: a cross-sectional fMRI study
Error monitoring using external feedback: specific roles of the habenular complex, the reward system, and the cingulate motor area revealed by functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Mapping the genetic variation of executive attention onto brain activity.
Competition and representation during memory retrieval: roles of the prefrontal cortex and the posterior parietal cortex.
Multimodal integration of high-resolution EEG and functional magnetic resonance imaging data: a simulation study.
Sustained and transient activity during an object-naming task: a mixed blocked and event-related fMRI study.
Overlapping neural regions for processing rapid temporal cues in speech and nonspeech signals.
Dissociating Cortical Regions Activated by Semantic and Phonological Tasks: A fMRI Study in Blind and Sighted People
Dissociating neural mechanisms of temporal sequencing and processing phonemes.
Effects of visual deprivation on the organization of the semantic system.
Aging affects the engagement of the hippocampus during autobiographical memory retrieval.
Functional organization of human intraparietal and frontal cortex for attending, looking, and pointing.
Cortical motor areas in plantar response: an event-related functional magnetic resonance imaging study in normal subjects.
Rate dependency of the human cortical network subserving executive functions during generation of random number series--a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Activation of a residual cortical network during painful stimulation in long-term postanoxic vegetative state: a 15O-H2O PET study.
Relation between brain activation and lexical performance.
The role of age of acquisition and language usage in early, high-proficient bilinguals: an fMRI study during verbal fluency.
The role of the human supplementary motor area in reactive motor operation.
Predicting events of varying probability: uncertainty investigated by fMRI.
Stepping stone sampling for retrieving artifact-free electroencephalogram during functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Neural correlates underlying mental calculation in abacus experts: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Power grip disinhibits the ipsilateral sensorimotor cortex: a TMS and fMRI study.
The impact of individual differences on the neural circuitry underlying sadness.
Sustained attention impairment correlates to gray matter decreases in first episode neuroleptic-naive schizophrenic patients.
Impaired thalamocortical connectivity in humans during general-anesthetic-induced unconsciousness.
Right lateral fusiform gyrus dysfunction during facial information processing in schizophrenia.
Electrophysiological and haemodynamic correlates of face perception, recognition and priming.
Human cingulate cortex and autonomic control: converging neuroimaging and clinical evidence.
Dissociating atrophy and hypometabolism impact on episodic memory in mild cognitive impairment.
Objects automatically potentiate action: an fMRI study of implicit processing.
Neural correlates of interindividual differences in the subjective experience of pain.
Top-down and bottom-up modulation of language related areas – An fMRI Study
Brain areas activated in fMRI during self-regulation of slow cortical potentials (SCPs).
What aspect of the fMRI BOLD signal best reflects the underlying electrophysiology in human somatosensory cortex?
Distinct mechanisms for processing spatial sequences and pitch sequences in the human auditory brain.
Cognitive strategies dependent on the hippocampus and caudate nucleus in human navigation: variability and change with practice.
Prefrontal cortex contribution to associative recognition memory in humans: an event-related functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Robust localization and lateralization of human language function: an optimized clinical functional magnetic resonance imaging protocol.
Neural correlates of different types of deception: an fMRI investigation.
Cognitive impairments in early Parkinson's disease are accompanied by reductions in activity in frontostriatal neural circuitry.
Neural circuits subserving the retrieval and maintenance of abstract rules.
The nose smells what the eye sees: crossmodal visual facilitation of human olfactory perception.
A paced visual serial addition test for fMRI.
Abnormalities in emotion processing within cortical and subcortical regions in criminal psychopaths: evidence from a functional magnetic resonance imaging study using pictures with emotional content.
Cross-modal sensory processing in the anterior cingulate and medial prefrontal cortices.
Differential activity in the premotor cortex subdivisions in humans during mental calculation and verbal rehearsal tasks: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
A network of occipito-temporal face-sensitive areas besides the right middle fusiform gyrus is necessary for normal face processing.
The myth of the visual word form area.
Neural mechanisms of top-down control during spatial and feature attention.
Statistical mapping analysis of lesion location and neurological disability in multiple sclerosis: application to 452 patient data sets.
Physiological self-regulation of regional brain activity using real-time functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI): methodology and exemplary data.
Influence of the normalization template on the outcome of statistical parametric mapping of PET scans.
Neural mechanisms of visual object priming: evidence for perceptual and semantic distinctions in fusiform cortex.
The human action recognition system and its relationship to Broca's area: an fMRI study.
Pain modulates cerebral activity during cognitive performance.
In search of the hidden: an fMRI study with implications for the study of patients with autism and with acquired brain injury.
Internal vs external generation of movements: differential neural pathways involved in bimanual coordination performed in the presence or absence of augmented visual feedback.
The functional neuroanatomy of human working memory revisited. Evidence from 3-T fMRI studies using classical domain-specific interference tasks.
Residual naming after damage to the left temporal pole: a PET activation study.
Going beyond the information given: a neural system supporting semantic interpretation.
The functionally defined right occipital and fusiform "face areas" discriminate novel from visually familiar faces.
Gender and age effects in structural brain asymmetry as measured by MRI texture analysis.
Representation of different trigeminal divisions within the primary and secondary human somatosensory cortex.
Eye closure in darkness animates sensory systems.
Cross-modal plasticity for sensory and motor activation patterns in blind subjects.
The single-epoch fMRI design: validation of a simplified paradigm for the collection of subjective ratings.
Cognitive effects of nicotine in humans: an fMRI study.
Orbitofrontal cortex dysfunction in abstinent cocaine abusers performing a decision-making task
A fronto-parietal circuit for tactile object discrimination: an event-related fMRI study.
Brain function and personality in normal males: a SPECT study using statistical parametric mapping.
Cognitive reserve modulates functional brain responses during memory tasks: a PET study in healthy young and elderly subjects.
Finger movements lighten neural loads in the recognition of ideographic characters.
Medial temporal lobe activation during semantic language processing: fMRI findings in healthy left- and right-handers.
Distinct neural substrates for visual search amongst spatial versus temporal distractors.
Brain networks for analyzing eye gaze.
fMRI evidence that the neural basis of response inhibition is task-dependent.
Category-specific medial temporal lobe activation and the consolidation of semantic memory: evidence from fMRI.
Brain activation patterns during measurement of sub- and supra-second intervals.
Frontal and parietal participation in problem solving in the Tower of London: fMRI and computational modeling of planning and high-level perception.
Brain activation to phobia-related pictures in spider phobic humans: an event-related functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Gender differences in the processing of standardized emotional visual stimuli in humans: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Frontal lobe networks for effective processing of ambiguously expressed emotions in humans.
Regional brain activation associated with different performance patterns during learning of a complex motor skill.
Evidence for a rostral-to-caudal somatotopic organization in human primary somatosensory cortex with mirror-reversal in areas 3b and 1.
Dominance for vestibular cortical function in the non-dominant hemisphere.
[EEG and ischemic stroke in full-term newborns].
Separating pitch chroma and pitch height in the human brain.
Decreased volume and increased asymmetry of the anterior limb of the internal capsule in patients with schizophrenia.
Quantitative analysis of attention and detection signals during visual search.
Dissociation of neural representation of intensity and affective valuation in human gustation.
Neural mechanisms of transient and sustained cognitive control during task switching.
An fMRI study of affective state and medication on cortical and subcortical brain regions during motor performance in bipolar disorder.
Transient activation of superior prefrontal cortex during inhibition of cognitive set.
Cingulate hypoactivity in cocaine users during a GO-NOGO task as revealed by event-related functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Dissociating valence of outcome from behavioral control in human orbital and ventral prefrontal cortices.
Human precentral cortical activation patterns during saccade tasks: an fMRI comparison with activation during intentional eyeblink tasks.
A preferential increase in the extrastriate response to signals of danger.
Cortical and limbic activation during viewing of high- versus low-calorie foods.
Simultaneous ERP and fMRI of the auditory cortex in a passive oddball paradigm.
Cortical mechanisms for acquisition and performance of bimanual motor sequences.
Increased activation in the right insula during risk-taking decision making is related to harm avoidance and neuroticism.
Visual presentation of single letters activates a premotor area involved in writing.
Increased frontocerebellar activation in alcoholics during verbal working memory: an fMRI study.
Basal ganglia and supplementary motor area subtend duration perception: an fMRI study.
Functional anatomy and differential time courses of neural processing for explicit, inferred, and illusory contours. An event-related fMRI study.
GABAergic inhibitory mechanisms for repetition-adaptivity in large-scale brain systems.
Neural correlates of incongruous visual information. An event-related fMRI study.
Distinct brain representations for early and late learned words.
Context-dependent cortical activation in response to financial reward and penalty: an event-related fMRI study.
Interactions of the hippocampal system and the prefrontal cortex in learning language-like rules.
People thinking about thinking people. The role of the temporo-parietal junction in "theory of mind".
Electrical-induced pain diminishes somatosensory evoked magnetic cortical fields.
Brain activations during conscious self-monitoring of speech production with delayed auditory feedback: an fMRI study.
Functional magnetic resonance imaging of verbal fluency and confrontation naming using compressed image acquisition to permit overt responses.
Human striatal response to salient nonrewarding stimuli.
Potentially adaptive functional changes in cognitive processing for patients with multiple sclerosis and their acute modulation by rivastigmine.
Electroencephalographic signatures of attentional and cognitive default modes in spontaneous brain activity fluctuations at rest.
Brain imaging in awake infants by near-infrared optical topography.
Dynamics of feature binding during object-selective attention.
Visually guided grasping produces fMRI activation in dorsal but not ventral stream brain areas.
Dynamic perception of facial affect and identity in the human brain.
Actions or hand-object interactions? Human inferior frontal cortex and action observation.
On the lateralization of emotional prosody: an event-related functional MR investigation.
Physiological and physicochemical mechanisms in electroshock treatment.
Functional imaging of the human lateral geniculate nucleus and pulvinar.
Functional-anatomic correlates of sustained and transient processing components engaged during controlled retrieval.
Sound recognition and localization in man: specialized cortical networks and effects of acute circumscribed lesions.
Compensatory cortical activation observed by fMRI during a cognitive task at the earliest stage of MS.
The neural basis of the bilateral distribution advantage.
Rhinal-hippocampal EEG coherence is reduced during human sleep.
Voxel-based morphometry of grey matter densities in subjects at high risk of schizophrenia.
Chronic schizophrenia as a brain misconnection syndrome: a white matter voxel-based morphometry study.
Neural networks active during tactile form perception: common and differential activity during macrospatial and microspatial tasks.
Brain activation by disgust-inducing pictures in obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Comparison of memory- and visually guided saccades using event-related fMRI.
Similarities and differences in motion processing between the human and macaque brain: evidence from fMRI.
Changes in brain activation patterns associated with learning of Korean words by Japanese: an fMRI study.
The cerebellum and olfaction in the aging brain: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Cholinergic enhancement modulates neural correlates of selective attention and emotional processing.
Brain changes after learning to read and play music.
Neuroimaging evidence for cortical involvement in the preparation and in the act of swallowing.
Correlates of alpha rhythm in functional magnetic resonance imaging and near infrared spectroscopy.
Auditory what, where, and when: a sensory somatotopy in lateral premotor cortex.
Functional reorganization of brain in children affected with congenital hemiplegia: fMRI study.
Brain activity during automatic semantic priming revealed by event-related functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Effect of head orientation on gaze processing in fusiform gyrus and superior temporal sulcus.
A right hemispheric frontocerebellar network for time discrimination of several hundreds of milliseconds.
Right inferior prefrontal cortex mediates response inhibition while mesial prefrontal cortex is responsible for error detection.
FMRI investigation of cross-cultural music comprehension.
Adolescent immaturity in attention-related brain engagement to emotional facial expressions.
Selective enhancement of functional connectivity in the left prefrontal cortex during sentence processing.
Brain activation during human male ejaculation.
Brain structures differ between musicians and non-musicians.
Neural abnormalities during cognitive generation of affect in treatment-resistant depression.
Remote activation of referred phantom sensation and cortical reorganization in human upper extremity amputees.
The neural substrate of analogical reasoning: an fMRI study.
Functional anatomy of impaired selective attention and compensatory processing in autism.
Functional neuroanatomy of interference in overlapping dual tasks: an fMRI study.
Auditory-visual speech perception examined by fMRI and PET.
Evaluation of the dual route theory of reading: a metanalysis of 35 neuroimaging studies.
fMRI of emotional responses to odors: influence of hedonic valence and judgment, handedness, and gender.
Neural development of selective attention and response inhibition.
Time-dependent neural activations related to recognition of people's names in emotional and neutral face-name associative learning: an fMRI study.
Involvement of multiple functionally distinct cerebellar regions in visual discrimination: a human functional imaging study.
Brain processing of visual sexual stimuli in healthy men: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Abnormal processing of speech during oddball target detection in schizophrenia.
Neural correlates of the complexity of rhythmic finger tapping.
Functional neuroanatomy of learned helplessness.
Effects of gender on blood flow correlates of naming concrete entities.
fMRI BOLD response to increasing task difficulty during successful paired associates learning.
Word frequency and subsequent memory effects studied using event-related fMRI.
Self-responsibility and the self-serving bias: an fMRI investigation of causal attributions.
Anticipation of reward in a nonaversive differential conditioning paradigm and the brain reward system: an event-related fMRI study.
A midline dissociation between error-processing and response-conflict monitoring.
Functional brain maps of Tower of London performance: a positron emission tomography and functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Approaching an ecologically valid functional anatomy of spontaneous "willed" action.
Evidence of enhancement of spatial attention during inhibition of a visuo-motor response.
Bayesian second-level analysis of functional magnetic resonance images.
Evidence for compensation for stuttering by the right frontal operculum.
Putting names to faces: successful encoding of associative memories activates the anterior hippocampal formation.
Neural correlates of thought suppression.
Response inhibition and impulsivity: an fMRI study.
A relation between rest and the self in the brain?
Recovery and chronicity in anorexia nervosa: brain activity associated with differential outcomes.
Tactile stimulus predictability modulates activity in a tactile-motor cortical network.
Hemodynamic responses to fear and disgust-inducing pictures: an fMRI study.
Neural mechanisms associated with attention to temporal synchrony versus spatial orientation: an fMRI study.
Left inferior parietal cortex integrates time and space during collision judgments.
Brain activation and the phonological loop: the impact of rehearsal.
Neural correlates of dual task interference in rapid visual streams: an fMRI study.
Diffusion tensor MRI of early upper motor neuron involvement in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Dissociable correlates of recollection and familiarity within the medial temporal lobes.
Processing concrete words: fMRI evidence against a specific right-hemisphere involvement.
Visual word recognition in the left and right hemispheres: anatomical and functional correlates of peripheral alexias.
Cortical mechanisms of feature-based attentional control.
Interindividual differences in functional interactions among prefrontal, parietal and parahippocampal regions during working memory.
Defining a left-lateralized response specific to intelligible speech using fMRI.
Evidence for the involvement of the posterior parietal cortex in coordination of fingertip forces for grasp stability in manipulation.
Imagery of voluntary movement of fingers, toes, and tongue activates corresponding body-part-specific motor representations.
Taste-olfactory convergence, and the representation of the pleasantness of flavour, in the human brain.
Functional and structural alterations of the intraparietal sulcus in a developmental dyscalculia of genetic origin.
Amygdala and insular responses to emotionally valenced human faces in small animal specific phobia.
Resting regional cerebral perfusion in recent posttraumatic stress disorder.
Experience-dependent activation patterns in human brain during visual-motor associative learning.
Functional imaging of perceptual learning in human primary and secondary somatosensory cortex.
Both of us disgusted in My insula: the common neural basis of seeing and feeling disgust.
Performing allocentric visuospatial judgments with induced distortion of the egocentric reference frame: an fMRI study with clinical implications.
Cortical capacity constraints for visual working memory: dissociation of fMRI load effects in a fronto-parietal network.
Neural correlates of the prolonged salience of painful stimulation.
LORETA imaging of P300 in schizophrenia with individual MRI and 128-channel EEG.
Reliability of functional localization using fMRI.
Functional topography of the secondary somatosensory cortex for nonpainful and painful stimuli: an fMRI study.
Dynamic functional changes associated with cognitive skill learning of an adapted version of the Tower of London task.
Identifying regional activity associated with temporally separated components of working memory using event-related functional MRI.
Relation of cognitive reserve and task performance to expression of regional covariance networks in an event-related fMRI study of nonverbal memory.
Neural substrates participating in acquisition of facial familiarity: an fMRI study.
Stimulus symmetry affects the bisection of figures but not lines: evidence from event-related fMRI.
The musician's brain: functional imaging of amateurs and professionals during performance and imagery.
Amygdala hyperreactivity in borderline personality disorder: implications for emotional dysregulation.
Auditory lexical decision, categorical perception, and FM direction discrimination differentially engage left and right auditory cortex.
How self-initiated memorized movements become automatic: a functional MRI study.
Plasticity of the human motor system following muscle reconstruction: a magnetic stimulation and functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
MEG tomography of human cortex and brainstem activity in waking and REM sleep saccades.
Neuroanatomy of "hearing voices": a frontotemporal brain structural abnormality associated with auditory hallucinations in schizophrenia.
Alike performance during nonverbal episodic learning from diversely imprinted neural networks.
Neural correlates of the emergence of consciousness of thirst.
Humor modulates the mesolimbic reward centers.
Dissociable brain mechanisms for inhibitory control: effects of interference content and working memory capacity.
Combined analysis of DTI and fMRI data reveals a joint maturation of white and grey matter in a fronto-parietal network.
Successful episodic memory retrieval of newly learned faces activates a left fronto-parietal network.
Separating neural processes using mixed event-related and epoch-based fMRI paradigms.
Neural correlates of segmental and tonal information in speech perception.
Brain areas engaged during visual judgments by involuntary access to novel semantic information.
Body scheme gates visual processing.
Isolating the retrieval of imagined pictures during episodic memory: activation of the left precuneus and left prefrontal cortex.
Functional segregation of the temporal lobes into highly differentiated subsystems for auditory perception: an auditory rapid event-related fMRI-task.
Contributions of stimulus valence and arousal to visual activation during emotional perception.
Personality influences limbic-cortical interactions during sad mood induction.
One brain, two selves.
Parametric manipulation of conflict and response competition using rapid mixed-trial event-related fMRI.
Correlation between cerebral reorganization and motor recovery after subcortical infarcts.
Multilingualism: an fMRI study.
Preserved functional competence of perilesional areas in drug-resistant epilepsy with lesion in supplementary motor cortex: fMRI and neuropsychological observations.
Ipsilateral motor cortex activation on functional magnetic resonance imaging during unilateral hand movements is related to interhemispheric interactions.
Functional asymmetry for auditory processing in human primary auditory cortex.
Effector-independent representations of simple and complex imagined finger movements: a combined fMRI and TMS study.
Direct activation of the ventral striatum in anticipation of aversive stimuli.
Functional brain abnormalities in young adults at genetic risk for late-onset Alzheimer's dementia
fMRI differences in encoding and retrieval of pictures due to encoding strategy in the elderly.
Alcohol intoxication effects on visual perception: an fMRI study.
Neurophysiological factors in human information processing capacity.
The effect of musical training on the neural correlates of math processing: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study in humans.
Functional neuroanatomy of spatial orientation processing in Turner syndrome.
Regional brain activation during concurrent implicit and explicit sequence learning.
Thinking about actions: the neural substrates of person knowledge.
Differences between smokers and nonsmokers in regional gray matter volumes and densities.
The neural basis of hyperlexic reading: an FMRI case study.
The role of the anterior cingulate cortex in pitch variation during sad affect.
Interhemispheric visuo-motor integration in humans: the role of the superior parietal cortex.
Functional reorganisation in patients with right hemisphere stroke after training of alertness: a longitudinal PET and fMRI study in eight cases.
Neural processing of nouns and verbs: the role of inflectional morphology.
Prefrontal cortical thickness in first-episode psychosis: a magnetic resonance imaging study.
Dissociating the cortical basis of memory for voices, words and tones.
Spatial frequency of visual image modulates neural responses in the temporo-occipital lobe. An investigation with event-related fMRI.
Neural bases of set-shifting deficits in Parkinson's disease.
Modulation of caudate activity by action contingency.
Somatotopic representation of action words in human motor and premotor cortex.
A functional MRI study of simple arithmetic--a comparison between children and adults.
An event-related fMRI study of the neurobehavioral impact of sleep deprivation on performance of a delayed-match-to-sample task.
Recovery of semantic word processing in global aphasia: a functional MRI study.
Functional roles of the cingulo-frontal network in performance on working memory.
Neural correlates of auditory sensory memory and automatic change detection.
Dissociation between overt and unconscious face processing in fusiform face area.
Three-dimensional probabilistic anatomical cranio-cerebral correlation via the international 10-20 system oriented for transcranial functional brain mapping.
Imagery in sentence comprehension: an fMRI study.
Discrimination of temporal information at the cerebellum: functional magnetic resonance imaging of nonverbal auditory memory.
Behavioral and functional MRI study of attention shift in human verbal working memory.
Dichotic listening reveals functional specificity in prefrontal cortex: an fMRI study.
Artifactual fMRI group and condition differences driven by performance confounds.
Probability effects on the neural correlates of retrieval success: an fMRI study.
Cerebral correlates of alerting, orienting and reorienting of visuospatial attention: an event-related fMRI study.
Modality effects in verbal working memory: differential prefrontal and parietal responses to auditory and visual stimuli.
Functional association of the amygdala and ventral prefrontal cortex during cognitive evaluation of facial expressions primed by masked angry faces: an event-related fMRI study.
Emotional valence of words modulates the subliminal repetition priming effect in the left fusiform gyrus: an event-related fMRI study.
Encoding activity in anterior medial temporal lobe supports subsequent associative recognition.
Voxel based morphometry reveals a distinct pattern of frontal atrophy in progressive supranuclear palsy.
White matter structure in autism: preliminary evidence from diffusion tensor imaging.
Use-dependent cortical plasticity in thalidomide-induced upper extremity dysplasia: evidence from somaesthesia and neuroimaging.
fMRI correlates of state and trait effects in subjects at genetically enhanced risk of schizophrenia.
Contributions of sensory input, auditory search and verbal comprehension to cortical activity during speech processing.
Changes in effective connectivity models in the presence of task-correlated motion: an fMRI study.
Behavioral conflict, anterior cingulate cortex, and experiment duration: implications of diverging data.
Neural mechanisms underlying reaching for remembered targets cued kinesthetically or visually in left or right hemispace.
Different areas of human non-primary auditory cortex are activated by sounds with spatial and nonspatial properties.
Reciprocal modulation and attenuation in the prefrontal cortex: an fMRI study on emotional-cognitive interaction.
Functional imaging during covert auditory attention in multiple sclerosis.
The role of human parietal cortex in attention networks.
Functional magnetic resonance imaging examination of two modular architectures for switching multiple internal models.
Selection, integration, and conflict monitoring; assessing the nature and generality of prefrontal cognitive control mechanisms.
Event-related functional magnetic resonance imaging of reward-related brain circuitry in children and adolescents.
Pain catastrophizing and neural responses to pain among persons with fibromyalgia.
Brain Metabolic Decreases Related to the Dose of the ApoE E4 Allele in Alzheimer's Disease
Temporal lobe abnormalities in semantic processing by criminal psychopaths as revealed by functional magnetic resonance imaging.
A neural correlate of reward-based behavioral learning in caudate nucleus: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study of a stochastic decision task.
Brain responses to the acquired moral status of faces.
Learning new sounds of speech: reallocation of neural substrates.
Spatially dissociated flow-metabolism coupling in brain activation.
A state-space model of the hemodynamic approach: nonlinear filtering of BOLD signals.
Towards an understanding of gait control: brain activation during the anticipation, preparation and execution of foot movements.
Orbitofrontal cortex tracks positive mood in mothers viewing pictures of their newborn infants.
Functional imaging of face and hand imitation: towards a motor theory of empathy.
Subcortical pathways serving cortical language sites: initial experience with diffusion tensor imaging fiber tracking combined with intraoperative language mapping.
The neural basis of executive function in working memory: an fMRI study based on individual differences.
Amygdalar interhemispheric functional connectivity differs between the non-depressed and depressed human brain.
Voxel-based relaxometry: a new approach for analysis of T2 relaxometry changes in epilepsy.
Spatial and temporal factors during processing of audiovisual speech: a PET study.
Trend detection via temporal difference model predicts inferior prefrontal cortex activation during acquisition of advantageous action selection.
Inferring false beliefs from the actions of oneself and others: an fMRI study.
Neural correlates of individual ratings of emotional salience: a trial-related fMRI study.
Two routes to emotional memory: Distinct neural processes for valence and arousal
Cognitive generation of affect in bipolar depression: an fMRI study.
Striatal contributions to working memory: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study in humans.
Frontostriatal deficits in fragile X syndrome: relation to FMR1 gene expression.
Changes in brain activation during the acquisition of a new bimanual coodination task.
Functional Interactions of the Entorhinal Cortex: An 18F-FDG PET Study on Normal Aging and Alzheimer's Disease
Integration of auditory and visual information about objects in superior temporal sulcus.
Cerebellar activation during leg withdrawal reflex conditioning: an fMRI study.
Attention to single letters activates left extrastriate cortex.
Decreased cerebral activation during CPT performance: structural and functional deficits in schizophrenic patients.
Why am I unsure? Internal and external attributions of uncertainty dissociated by fMRI.
fMRI evidence of brain reorganization during attention and memory tasks in multiple sclerosis.
Hemispheric specialization of the lateral prefrontal cortex for strategic processing during spatial and shape working memory.
Lesion location alters brain activation in chronically impaired stroke survivors.
The visual word form area and the frequency with which words are encountered: evidence from a parametric fMRI study.
Voxel-based homogeneity probability maps of gray matter in groups: assessing the reliability of functional effects.
Anatomical and functional brain imaging evidence of lenticulo-insular anomalies in Smith Magenis syndrome.
A functional neuroimaging study of motivation and executive function.
Gender differences in the activation of inferior frontal cortex during emotional speech perception.
A functional MRI study of cortical activations associated with object manipulation in patients with MS.
The neural correlates of maternal and romantic love.
Watching social interactions produces dorsomedial prefrontal and medial parietal BOLD fMRI signal increases compared to a resting baseline.
Kinematic specificity of cortical reorganization associated with motor training.
Left and right superior parietal lobule in tactile object discrimination.
Neural correlates of lexical and sublexical processes in reading.
Motor-iconicity of sign language does not alter the neural systems underlying tool and action naming.
Subcortical and ventral prefrontal cortical neural responses to facial expressions distinguish patients with bipolar disorder and major depression.
Posttraumatic stress disorder and fMRI activation patterns of traumatic memory in patients with borderline personality disorder.
Human midbrain sensitivity to cognitive feedback and uncertainty during classification learning.
The processing of visual shape in the cerebral cortex of human and nonhuman primates: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Cortical mechanisms of smooth pursuit eye movements with target blanking. An fMRI study.
Mental calculation impairment in Alzheimer's disease: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Where am I? The neurological correlates of self and other.
Functional magnetic resonance imaging during auditory verbal working memory in nonpsychotic relatives of persons with schizophrenia: a pilot study.
Task-independent and task-specific age effects on brain activity during working memory, visual attention and episodic retrieval.
Neural mechanisms of spatial stimulus-response compatibility: the effect of crossed-hand position.
The Danish PET/depression project: performance on Stroop's test linked to white matter lesions in the brain.
Reduction of cingulate gray matter density in poor outcome bipolar illness.
Effects of distraction on magnetoencephalographic responses ascending through C-fibers in humans.
APOE and modulation of Alzheimer's and frontotemporal dementia.
Neural substrates of tactile object recognition: an fMRI study.
Neural correlates of switching set as measured in fast, event-related functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Functional coupling of simultaneous electrical and metabolic activity in the human brain.
Don't think of a white bear: an fMRI investigation of the effects of sequential instructional sets on cortical activity in a task-switching paradigm.
Impaired hippocampal function during the detection of novel words in schizophrenia.
Effects of cholinergic enhancement on visual stimulation, spatial attention, and spatial working memory.
Distributed and overlapping cerebral representations of number, size, and luminance during comparative judgments.
Activation of the amygdala and anterior cingulate during nonconscious processing of sad versus happy faces.
Neural basis of pantomiming the use of visually presented objects.
Brain activity relating to the contingent negative variation: an fMRI investigation.
The human parietal cortex is involved in spatial processing of tongue movement-an fMRI study.
Neural correlates of syntactic movement: converging evidence from two fMRI experiments.
Awareness of muscular force during movement production: an fMRI study.
Target dependency of brain mechanism involved in dispositional inference: a PET study.
Willed action and attention to the selection of action.
Cerebellar and premotor function in bimanual coordination: parametric neural responses to spatiotemporal complexity and cycling frequency.
Characterizing function-structure relationships in the human visual system with functional MRI and diffusion tensor imaging.
Item- and task-level processes in the left inferior prefrontal cortex: positive and negative correlates of encoding.
Neural representations of nouns and verbs in Chinese: an fMRI study.
Neural correlates of context memory with real-world events.
Brain activation during manipulation of the myoelectric prosthetic hand: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
The neural substrates of conscious color perception demonstrated using fMRI.
The effect of repetition lag on electrophysiological and haemodynamic correlates of visual object priming.
Orthographic and phonological processing of Chinese characters: an fMRI study.
A stereotactic method for image-guided transcranial magnetic stimulation validated with fMRI and motor-evoked potentials.
Eyes open and eyes closed as rest conditions: impact on brain activation patterns.
Activation of the primary and association auditory cortex by the transition of sound intensity: a new method for functional examination of the auditory cortex in humans.
Acute vagus nerve stimulation using different pulse widths produces varying brain effects.
Aberrant localization of synchronous hemodynamic activity in auditory cortex reliably characterizes schizophrenia.
Dynamic and strategic aspects of executive processing.
Color discrimination involves ventral and dorsal stream visual areas.
Brain anatomy in Turner syndrome: evidence for impaired social and spatial-numerical networks.
The role of the lateral frontal cortex in causal associative learning: exploring preventative and super-learning.
Auditory target detection in dichotic listening involves the orbitofrontal and hippocampal paralimbic belts.
Identification and differential vulnerability of a neural network in sleep deprivation.
Neural correlates of change detection and change blindness in a working memory task.
Separable effects of semantic priming and imageability on word processing in human cortex.
Electrophysiological correlates of rapid spatial orienting towards fearful faces.
BOLD repetition decreases in object-responsive ventral visual areas depend on spatial attention.
Playing piano in the mind--an fMRI study on music imagery and performance in pianists.
Beyond sensory images: Object-based representation in the human ventral pathway.
The change of the brain activation patterns as children learn algebra equation solving.
Brain activity varies with modulation of dynamic pitch variance in sentence melody.
Language reorganization in children with early-onset lesions of the left hemisphere: an fMRI study.
Visual presentation of novel objects and new spatial arrangements of objects differentially activates the medial temporal lobe subareas in humans.
Functional MRI of the immediate impact of transcranial magnetic stimulation on cortical and subcortical motor circuits.
Modulation of functional connectivity during the resting state and the motor task.
Neural correlates of syntactic transformations.
Dissociable functional cortical topographies for working memory maintenance of voice identity and location.
Positive and negative network correlations in temporal lobe epilepsy.
Neural correlates associated with impaired disgust processing in pre-symptomatic Huntington's disease.
Learning letters in adulthood: direct visualization of cortical plasticity for forming a new link between orthography and phonology.
Neural circuits underlying imitation learning of hand actions: an event-related fMRI study.
A touching sight: SII/PV activation during the observation and experience of touch.
Number processing and basal ganglia dysfunction: a single case study.
Working memory capacity in schizophrenia: a parametric fMRI study.
Experience-dependent neural integration of taste and smell in the human brain.
Maintenance of spatial and motor codes during oculomotor delayed response tasks.
Activation of cerebellar hemispheres in spatial memorization of saccadic eye movements: an fMRI study.
Sentence complexity and input modality effects in sentence comprehension: an fMRI study.
Analysis of neural mechanisms underlying verbal fluency in cytoarchitectonically defined stereotaxic space--the roles of Brodmann areas 44 and 45.
Functional abnormalities in symptomatic concussed athletes: an fMRI study.
Activation in the premotor cortex during mental calculation in patients with Alzheimer's disease: relevance of reduction in posterior cingulate metabolism.
Retrieval of abstract semantics.
The brain network associated with acquiring semantic knowledge.
A functional MRI study of the influence of practice on component processes of working memory.
Activity in ventromedial prefrontal cortex covaries with sympathetic skin conductance level: a physiological account of a "default mode" of brain function.
Viewing the motion of human body parts activates different regions of premotor, temporal, and parietal cortex.
Left hemisphere specialization for the control of voluntary movement rate.
The encoding of saccadic eye movements within human posterior parietal cortex.
Attentional effects of noradrenaline vary with arousal level: selective activation of thalamic pulvinar in humans.
Dissociable amygdala and orbitofrontal responses during reversal fear conditioning.
Regional homogeneity approach to fMRI data analysis.
Olfactory system activation from sniffing: effects in piriform and orbitofrontal cortex.
Cognitive-pharmacologic functional magnetic resonance imaging in tourette syndrome: a pilot study.
Individual differences in error processing: a review and reanalysis of three event-related fMRI studies using the GO/NOGO task.
A voxel-based morphometric study to determine individual differences in gray matter density associated with age and cognitive change over time.
Prefrontal selection and medial temporal lobe reactivation in retrieval of short-term verbal information.
Motivation-dependent responses in the human caudate nucleus.
Neural responses to morphological, syntactic, and semantic properties of single words: an fMRI study.
Cue-induced activation of the striatum and medial prefrontal cortex is associated with subsequent relapse in abstinent alcoholics.
Dissociating brain regions controlling the temporal and ordinal structure of learned movement sequences.
Hearing syllables by seeing visual stimuli.
Blindness and brain plasticity: contribution of mental imagery? An fMRI study.
The cerebellum and decision making under uncertainty.
Emotion-attention network interactions during a visual oddball task.
Enhanced neural activity in response to dynamic facial expressions of emotion: an fMRI study.
Human striatal responses to monetary reward depend on saliency.
Functional magnetic resonance imaging in schizophrenia: cortical response to motor stimulation.
Functional imaging of working memory after 24 hr of total sleep deprivation.
Parieto-premotor areas mediate directional interference during bimanual movements.
Mental visual synthesis is originated in the fronto-temporal network of the left hemisphere.
Correlated functional changes of the prefrontal cortex in twins induced by classroom education of second language.
Sex-related differences in a gambling task and its neurological correlates.
Are there gender-specific neural substrates of route learning from different perspectives?
Altered cerebellar functional connectivity mediates potential adaptive plasticity in patients with multiple sclerosis.
Remembrance of odors past: human olfactory cortex in cross-modal recognition memory.
Distraction modulates connectivity of the cingulo-frontal cortex and the midbrain during pain--an fMRI analysis.
A developmental examination of gender differences in brain engagement during evaluation of threat.
Word retrieval in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Cerebral areas processing swallowing and tongue movement are overlapping but distinct: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Encoding-specific effects of social cognition on the neural correlates of subsequent memory.
An experiment of nature: brain anatomy parallels cognition and behavior in Williams syndrome.
Human brain regions involved in recognizing environmental sounds.
Remembering our past: functional neuroanatomy of recollection of recent and very remote personal events.
Fine modulation in network activation during motor execution and motor imagery.
Control of object-based attention in human cortex.
Genes and memory: the neuroanatomical correlates of emotional memory in monozygotic twin discordant for schizophrenia.
Neural correlates of implicit object identification.
The neural areas that control the retrieval and selection of semantics.
Behavioral and neural correlates of perceived and imagined musical timbre.
Differential involvement of left prefrontal cortex in inductive and deductive reasoning.
Neural correlates of error detection and error correction: is there a common neuroanatomical substrate?
Prefrontal-subcortical dissociations underlying inhibitory control revealed by event-related fMRI.
The role of V5 (hMT+) in visually guided hand movements: an fMRI study.
Cerebral activation related to skills practice in a double serial reaction time task: striatal involvement in random-order sequence learning.
fMRI evidence for the automatic phonological activation of briefly presented words.
The where and how of attention-based rehearsal in spatial working memory.
Brain areas underlying visual mental imagery and visual perception: an fMRI study.
Phonemic manipulation in Japanese: an fMRI study.
Abnormal ventral frontal response during performance of an affective go/no go task in patients with mania.
Anterior cingulate activation in high trait anxious subjects is related to altered error processing during decision making.
Listening to speech activates motor areas involved in speech production.
Rapid prefrontal-hippocampal habituation to novel events.
Somatotopy and attentional modulation of the human parietal and opercular regions.
Where bottom-up meets top-down: neuronal interactions during perception and imagery.
Attentional systems in target and distractor processing: a combined ERP and fMRI study.
Neural mechanism underlying impaired visual judgement in the dysmetabolic brain: an fMRI study.
A voxel-based investigation of brain structure in male adolescents with autistic spectrum disorder.
Cortical lateralization during verb generation: a combined ERP and fMRI study.
Where arousal meets attention: a simultaneous fMRI and EEG recording study.
Resolving dual-task interference: an fMRI study.
Cortical activation during a spatiotemporal tactile comparison task.
Endogenous and exogenous attention shifts are mediated by the same large-scale neural network.
fMRI correlates of the episodic retrieval of emotional contexts.
A shared neural network for simple reaction time.
Brain localization of attentional control in different age groups by combining functional and structural MRI.
Modulation of cerebellar activities by acupuncture stimulation: evidence from fMRI study.
Metacognitive evaluation, self-relevance, and the right prefrontal cortex.
Distinct functional substrates along the right superior temporal sulcus for the processing of voices.
The amygdala processes the emotional significance of facial expressions: an fMRI investigation using the interaction between expression and face direction.
Brain activity correlates differentially with increasing temporal complexity of rhythms during initialisation, synchronisation, and continuation phases of paced finger tapping.
Reduced recruitment of motor association areas during bimanual coordination in concert pianists.
Specific cerebellar activation during Braille reading in blind subjects.
Reading with the ears.
Fully automated localization of the human primary somatosensory cortex in one minute by functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Brain mechanisms for inferring deceit in the actions of others.
Cross-modal temporal order memory for auditory digits and visual locations: an fMRI study.
Neural substrates differentiating global/local processing of bilateral visual inputs.
Spatial working memory in heavy cannabis users: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
A fluorescence resonance energy transfer-derived structure of a quantum dot-protein bioconjugate nanoassembly
Repetition suppression of faces is modulated by emotion.
Cortical activation and synchronization during sentence comprehension in high-functioning autism: evidence of underconnectivity.
Neural activation during experimental allodynia: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Prefrontal cortical involvement in verbal encoding strategies.
Distinct frontal regions subserve evaluation of linguistic and emotional aspects of speech intonation.
Common and distinct neural substrates of attentional control in an integrated Simon and spatial Stroop task as assessed by event-related fMRI.
Neural systems for word meaning modulated by semantic ambiguity.
Functional subdivisions within anterior cingulate cortex and their relationship to autonomic nervous system function.
Neural changes associated with speech learning in deaf children following cochlear implantation.
Phonetic perceptual identification by native- and second-language speakers differentially activates brain regions involved with acoustic phonetic processing and those involved with articulatory-audito
An fMRI study of differential neural response to affective pictures in schizophrenia.
From facial cue to dinner for two: the neural substrates of personal choice.
Bimanual versus unimanual coordination: what makes the difference?
Re-experiencing old memories via hippocampus: a PET study of autobiographical memory.
A word expressing affective pain activates the anterior cingulate cortex in the human brain: an fMRI study.
Functional MRI study of working memory in MDMA users.
Analogical reasoning and prefrontal cortex: evidence for separable retrieval and integration mechanisms.
Male-specific volume expansion of the human hippocampus during adolescence.
Right temporoparietal cortex activation during visuo-proprioceptive conflict.
What disconnection tells about motor imagery: evidence from paraplegic patients.
FMRI evidence for activation of multiple cortical regions in the primary auditory cortex of deaf subjects users of multichannel cochlear implants.
Neural correlates of the chronic fatigue syndrome--an fMRI study.
Structural similarity and category-specificity: a refined account.
Lateral visual field stimulation reveals extrastriate cortical activation in the contralateral hemisphere: an fMRI study.
Effects of citalopram on worry and brain activation in patients with generalized anxiety disorder.
Functional MRI study of a serial reaction time task in Huntington's disease.
Amphetamine modulates human incentive processing.
Integration of letters and speech sounds in the human brain.
Regional brain response to faces of humans and dogs.
Neural correlates of metaphor processing.
Dopaminergic modulation of response inhibition: an fMRI study.
Learned audio-visual cross-modal associations in observed piano playing activate the left planum temporale. An fMRI study.
The functional neuroanatomy of metrical stress evaluation of perceived and imagined spoken words.
Functional lateralization of the sensorimotor cortex in patients with schizophrenia: effects of treatment with olanzapine.
Dissociating the spatio-temporal characteristics of cortical neuronal activity associated with human volitional swallowing in the healthy adult brain.
Recognition memory for studied words is determined by cortical activation differences at encoding but not during retrieval.
The functional anatomy of inspection time: an event-related fMRI study.
Age differences in neural correlates of route encoding and route recognition.
Preparatory deployment of attention to motion activates higher-order motion-processing brain regions.
Anatomy and time course of discrimination and categorization processes in vision: an fMRI study.
Dissociable concurrent activity of lateral and medial frontal lobe during negative feedback processing.
Parametric design and correlational analyses help integrating fMRI and electrophysiological data during face processing.
Distributed self in episodic memory: neural correlates of successful retrieval of self-encoded positive and negative personality traits.
Dissociating linguistic and nonlinguistic gestural communication in the brain.
Social and emotional attachment in the neural representation of faces.
The neural correlates of theory of mind within interpersonal interactions.
Feedforward and feedback processes in motor control.
Lexical learning of the English language: a PET study in healthy French subjects.
Monocular visual activation patterns in albinism as revealed by functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Interaction between the human hippocampus and the caudate nucleus during route recognition.
Selectivity for the human body in the fusiform gyrus.
Representation of interaural temporal information from left and right auditory space in the human planum temporale and inferior parietal lobe.
Perceived controllability modulates the neural response to pain.
Mothers' neural activation in response to pictures of their children and other children
Functional MRI mapping of brain activation during visually guided saccades and antisaccades: cortical and subcortical networks.
The brain response to personally familiar faces in autism: findings of fusiform activity and beyond.
Is Broca's area crucial for imitation?
Cooperation of different neuronal systems during hand sign recognition.
Covariance PET patterns in early Alzheimer's disease and subjects with cognitive impairment but no dementia: utility in group discrimination and correlations with functional performance.
Combining voxel intensity and cluster extent with permutation test framework.
Engagement of the prefrontal cortex in representational momentum: an fMRI study.
Comparison of baseline conditions to investigate syntactic production using functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Pyramidal tract lesions and movement-associated cortical recruitment in patients with MS.
Beyond common resources: the cortical basis for resolving task interference.
White matter hemisphere asymmetries in healthy subjects and in schizophrenia: a diffusion tensor MRI study.
Somatotopic organization of human somatosensory cortices for pain: a single trial fMRI study.
Neural predictive error signal correlates with depressive illness severity in a game paradigm.
Ankle dorsiflexion as an fMRI paradigm to assay motor control for walking during rehabilitation.
Cerebral activation during hypnotically induced and imagined pain.
Structural brain variation and general intelligence.
Where action impairs visual encoding: an event-related fMRI study.
Choice selection and reward anticipation: an fMRI study.
Abnormal activity patterns in premotor cortex during sequence learning in autistic patients
Neural basis of genetically determined visuospatial construction deficit in Williams syndrome.
Brain-behavior correlation in children depends on the neurocognitive network.
A Distributed Left Hemisphere Network Active During Planning of Everyday Tool Use Skills
The neural circuitry of pre-attentive auditory change-detection: an fMRI study of pitch and duration mismatch negativity generators.
Dissociable neural pathways for the perception and recognition of expressive and instrumental gestures.
Action comprehension in aphasia: linguistic and non-linguistic deficits and their lesion correlates.
Selective rotation of egocentric spatial representation following right putaminal hemorrhage.
Morphology and the internal structure of words.
Extinction learning in humans: role of the amygdala and vmPFC.
The effect of tapping finger and mode differences on cortical and subcortical activities: a PET study.
Priming effects in the fusiform gyrus: changes in neural activity beyond the second presentation.
Memory-related hippocampal dysfunction in poly-drug ecstasy (3,4-methylenedioxymethamphetamine) users.
Evidence for a dysfunctional retrosplenial cortex in patients with schizophrenia: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study with a semantic—perceptual contrast
The functional neuroanatomical correlates of response variability: evidence from a response inhibition task.
Changing brain networks for visuomotor control with increased movement automaticity.
Dominance of the right hemisphere and role of area 2 in human kinesthesia.
Prioritizing new over old: an fMRI study of the preview search task.
Functional neuroanatomy of perceiving surprised faces.
Musical training-induced functional reorganization of the adult brain: functional magnetic resonance imaging and transcranial magnetic stimulation study on amateur string players.
Cortical activity to vibrotactile stimulation: an fMRI study in blind and sighted individuals.
Different roles of the frontal and parietal regions in memory-guided saccade: a PCA approach on time course of BOLD signal changes.
Functional differences among those high and low on a trait measure of psychopathy.
Development of Brain Mechanisms for Processing Orthographic and Phonologic Representations
Revisiting the role of Broca's area in sentence processing: syntactic integration versus syntactic working memory.
Training-dependent plasticity in patients with multiple sclerosis.
Attentional load and sensory competition in human vision: modulation of fMRI responses by load at fixation during task-irrelevant stimulation in the peripheral visual field.
Cognitive control involved in overcoming prepotent response tendencies and switching between tasks.
Neural systems supporting timing and chronometric counting: an FMRI study.
Neural representation of interval encoding and decision making.
Timing functions of the supplementary motor area: an event-related fMRI study.
Sparse imaging and continuous event-related fMRI in the visual domain: a systematic comparison.
Left insula activation: a marker for language attainment in bilinguals.
The neural bases of cognitive conflict and control in moral judgment.
Voxel-based morphometry of patients with schizophrenia or bipolar disorder and their unaffected relatives
Effect of methylphenidate on executive functioning in adults with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder: Normalization of behavior but not related brain activity
Experience-dependent plasticity for attention to threat: Behavioral and neurophysiological evidence in humans.
Single photon emission computed tomography (SPECT) of anxiety disorders before and after treatment with citalopram
Comparison of continuous overt speech fMRI using BOLD and arterial spin labeling.
Neural correlates of internally-generated disgust via autobiographical recall: a functional magnetic resonance imaging investigation.
Real-time neural activity and connectivity in healthy individuals and schizophrenia patients.
For better or for worse: neural systems supporting the cognitive down- and up-regulation of negative emotion
More workload on the central executive of working memory, less attention capture by novel visual distractors: evidence from an fMRI study
Visual search and memory search engage extensive overlapping cerebral cortices: an fMRI study.
Neural networks underlying endogenous and exogenous visual–spatial orienting
Is left inferior frontal gyrus a general mechanism for selection?
Cooperation of the anterior cingulate cortex and dorsolateral prefrontal cortex for attention shifting.
Cerebral regions and hemispheric specialization for processing spatial frequencies during natural scene recognition. An event-related fMRI study
Contrasting metabolic impairment in frontotemporal degeneration and early onset Alzheimer's disease
The neural bases of cooperation and competition: an fMRI investigation.
Spatiotemporal analysis of event-related fMRI data using partial least squares.
Neural mechanisms involved in the detection of our first name: a combined ERPs and PET study
Category-related activation for written words in the posterior fusiform is task specific
The inhibition of imitative and overlearned responses: a functional double dissociation.
An fMRI study of imitation: action representation and body schema.
Evidence of early neurobiological alternations in adolescents with posttraumatic stress disorder: a functional MRI study
Default brain functionality in blind people.
Cognitive modulation of pain-related brain responses depends on behavioral strategy.
Localizing P300 generators in visual target and distractor processing: a combined event-related potential and functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Effects of electroacupuncture versus manual acupuncture on the human brain as measured by fMRI.
Neural basis of emotional self-regulation in childhood
Tuning curves for approximate numerosity in the human intraparietal sulcus.
An fMRI Study of Episodic Memory: Retrieval of Object, Spatial, and Temporal Information
The influence of working memory load on phase specific patterns of cortical activity
Neural foundations of emerging route knowledge in complex spatial environments
Functional segregation within pars opercularis of the inferior frontal gyrus: evidence from fMRI studies of imitation and action observation.
Prefrontal and hippocampal contributions to visual associative recognition: Interactions between cognitive control and episodic retrieval
Errors without conflict: implications for performance monitoring theories of anterior cingulate cortex.
Movement preparation in self-initiated versus externally triggered movements: an event-related fMRI-study
Structural neural networks subserving oculomotor function in first-episode schizophrenia
The effect of 30% oxygen on visuospatial performance and brain activation: An fMRI study
Hypercapnic exposure in congenital central hypoventilation syndrome reveals CNS respiratory control mechanisms.
Prediction error for free monetary reward in the human prefrontal cortex
Mapping IQ and gray matter density in healthy young people.
A longitudinal fMRI study: in recovering and then in clinically stable sub-cortical stroke patients
Is voice processing species-specific in human auditory cortex? An fMRI study
Short-term modulation of regional excitability and blood flow in human motor cortex following rapid-rate transcranial magnetic stimulation
Comparison of standard and optimized voxel-based morphometry for analysis of brain changes associated with temporal lobe epilepsy
Hippocampal gray matter reduction associates with memory deficits in adolescents with history of prematurity.
Implicit and explicit processing of kanji and kana words and non-words studied with fMRI
Distinct representations for facial identity and changeable aspects of faces in the human temporal lobe
Abnormal brain activity in prefrontal brain regions in abstinent marijuana users
When less means more: deactivations during encoding that predict subsequent memory.
An fMRI study of the cerebral macro network involved in 'cue invariant' form perception and how it is influenced by stimulus complexity.
Brain activation associated with evaluative processes of guilt and embarrassment: an fMRI study.
Semantic processing of Chinese in left inferior prefrontal cortex studied with reversible words
Interference resolution in spatial working memory.
Differential cingulate and caudate activation following unexpected nonrewarding stimuli
Brain mechanisms for preparing increasingly complex sensory to motor transformations
Multistable representation of speech forms: a functional MRI study of verbal transformations
How does the brain accommodate to increased task difficulty in word finding?
Spatial and temporal dissociation in prefrontal cortex during action execution.
Automatized clustering and functional geometry of human parietofrontal networks for language, space, and number
Functional topography of the secondary somatosensory cortex for nonpainful and painful stimulation of median and tibial nerve: an fMRI study
Dissociable patterns of brain activity during comprehension of rapid and syntactically complex speech: evidence from fMRI.
On the benefits of not trying: brain activity and connectivity reflecting the interactions of explicit and implicit sequence learning.
Focal decline of cortical thickness in Alzheimer's disease identified by computational neuroanatomy.
Ketamine disrupts frontal and hippocampal contribution to encoding and retrieval of episodic memory: an fMRI study.
Cortical areas involved in object, background, and object-background processing revealed with functional magnetic resonance adaptation.
Brain activation to phobia-related words in phobic subjects
Magnetic resonance study of the influence of tissue damage and cortical reorganization on PASAT performance at the earliest stage of multiple sclerosis.
Distinct neural systems underlie learning visuomotor and spatial representations of motor skills.
Differences of cerebral activation between superior and inferior learners during motor sequence encoding and retrieval
Elevated responses to constant facial emotions in different faces in the human amygdala: an fMRI study of facial identity and expression
Mapping the brain in autism. A voxel-based MRI study of volumetric differences and intercorrelations in autism.
What becoming "where": functional magnetic resonance imaging evidence for pragmatic relevance driving premotor cortex.
NMDA hypofunction in the posterior cingulate as a model for schizophrenia: an exploratory ketamine administration study in fMRI
Neurophysiology of motor function following cannabis discontinuation in chronic cannabis smokers: an fMRI study.
Changing patterns of brain activation during category learning revealed by functional MRI
Psychological structure and neural correlates of event knowledge.
Prefrontal-hippocampal dynamics involved in learning regularities across episodes.
Cross-modal integration and plastic changes revealed by lip movement, random-dot motion and sign languages in the hearing and deaf.
Specific cerebral networks for maintenance and response organization within working memory as evidenced by the 'double delay/double response' paradigm.
Neural substrates of real and imagined sensorimotor coordination.
Control of attention shifts between vision and audition in human cortex.
Dominance of the left oblique view in activating the cortical network for face recognition.
BOLD-fMRI signal increases with age in selected brain regions in children
Prediction error during retrospective revaluation of causal associations in humans: fMRI evidence in favor of an associative model of learning.
The neural mechanisms for minimizing cross-modal distraction.
Processing of a simple aversive conditioned stimulus in a divided visual field paradigm: an fMRI study.
Is there a role of visual cortex in spatial hearing?
Reversing spoken items--mind twisting not tongue twisting.
Disruption of learned irrelevance in acute schizophrenia in a novel continuous within-subject paradigm suitable for fMRI.
Morphological brain differences between adult stutterers and non-stutterers
Neural correlates of switching from auditory to speech perception
Effect of bilingualism on cognitive control in the Simon task: evidence from MEG
Cerebral perfusion changes in mesial temporal lobe epilepsy: SPM analysis of ictal and interictal SPECT
Common cortical network for first and second pain.
Cortical mechanisms of visual self-recognition.
An fMRI study of the role of suprapontine brain structures in the voluntary voiding control induced by pelvic floor contraction
Functional connectivity during Stroop task performance
Functional topography of working memory for face or voice identity
A direct brainstem–amygdala–cortical ‘alarm’ system for subliminal signals of fear
Functional activity related to risk anticipation during performance of the Iowa gambling task
Neuronal correlates of consistency and frequency effects on Chinese character naming: an event-related fMRI study
Distinct unimodal and multimodal regions for word processing in the left temporal cortex
Functional imaging of gustatory perception and imagery: “top-down” processing of gustatory signals
Brain activation in processing temporal sequence: an fMRI study
Temporal lobe activations of “feeling-of-knowing” induced by face-name associations
Visuospatial attention: how to measure effects of infrequent, unattended events in a blocked stimulus design
To act or not to act. Neural correlates of executive control of learned motor behavior.
Practice-induced changes of brain function during visual attention: a parametric fMRI study at 4 Tesla.
Does egocentric mental rotation elicit sex differences?
Challenging the cholinergic system in mild cognitive impairment: a pharmacological fMRI study
Characterizing spatial and temporal features of autobiographical memory retrieval networks: a partial least squares approach
Images of desire: food-craving activation during fMRI
Brain potentials related to self-generated and external information used for performance monitoring.
Dissociating the roles of right ventral lateral and dorsal lateral prefrontal cortex in generation and maintenance of hypotheses in set-shift problems.
Executive dysfunction in cocaine addiction: evidence for discordant frontal, cingulate, and cerebellar activity.
Voice perception: Sex, pitch, and the right hemisphere.
A supramodal limbic-paralimbic-neocortical network supports goal-directed stimulus processing.
Anterior cingulate dysfunction during choice anticipation in schizophrenia
Hemispheric asymmetries of hypometabolism associated with semantic memory impairment in Alzheimer's disease: a study using positron emission tomography with fluorodeoxyglucose-F18
Left inferior prefrontal cortex activity reflects inhibitory rather than facilitatory priming
Effect of task conditions on brain responses to threatening faces in social phobics: An event-related functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Resting Neural Activity Distinguishes Subgroups of Schizophrenia Patients
Cortical effects of quetiapine in first-episode schizophrenia: A preliminary functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Individual differences in trait anxiety predict the response of the basolateral amygdala to unconsciously processed fearful faces.
Abnormal neural responses to emotional visual stimuli in adolescents with conduct disorder
Altered brain tissue composition in heavy marijuana users.
A voxel based morphometry study on mild cognitive impairment.
Brain activation during ideomotor praxis: imitation and movements executed by verbal command.
The functional and temporal characteristics of top-down modulation in visual selection.
Action observation and acquired motor skills: an FMRI study with expert dancers.
Neural mechanisms of Korean word reading: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Influence of fMRI smoothing procedures on replicability of fine scale motor localization
Cerebrocerebellar networks during articulatory rehearsal and verbal working memory tasks.
The neural basis for novel semantic categorization
Sensory experience of food and obesity: a positron emission tomography study of the brain regions affected by tasting a liquid meal after a prolonged fast
Reading, hearing, and the planum temporale.
Structural white matter deficits in high-functioning individuals with autistic spectrum disorder: a voxel-based investigation
Load- and practice-dependent increases in cerebro-cerebellar activation in verbal working memory: an fMRI study.
Distinct and shared cortical regions of the human brain activated by pictorial depictions versus verbal descriptions: an fMRI study
Dysfunctional action monitoring hyperactivates frontal–striatal circuits in obsessive–compulsive disorder: an event-related fMRI study
The neural correlates and functional integration of cognitive control in a Stroop task.
A face to remember: emotional expression modulates prefrontal activity during memory formation
The influence of sex differences and individual task performance on brain activation during planning
Incidence of dysarthria in children with cerebellar tumors: a prospective study.
The neural mechanisms of speech comprehension: fMRI studies of semantic ambiguity.
Structural encoding and recognition of biological motion: evidence from event-related potentials and source analysis
Modality-specific cognitive function of medial and lateral human Brodmann area 6.
V1 activation in congenitally blind humans is associated with episodic retrieval.
Common and dissociable activation patterns associated with controlled semantic and phonological processing: evidence from FMRI adaptation.
Cortical response to subjectively unconscious danger
Linking semantic priming effect in functional MRI and event-related potentials
Automatic analysis of cerebral asymmetry: an exploratory study of the relationship between brain torque and planum temporale asymmetry
Neural correlates of conscious perception in the attentional blink
Cerebral activation using a MR-compatible piezoelectric actuator with adjustable vibration frequencies and in vivo wave propagation control.
Activity in the human brain predicting differential heart rate responses to emotional facial expressions.
How do we perceive the pain of others? A window into the neural processes involved in empathy
Functional neuroimaging of odor imagery
Functional connectivity in an fMRI working memory task in high-functioning autism
The neural correlates of spatial language in English and American Sign Language: a PET study with hearing bilinguals
An fMRI study of reward-related probability learning
Identification of the neural sources of the pattern-reversal VEP
Influence of bodily harm on neural correlates of semantic and moral decision-making
Neural organization for recognition of grammatical and emotional facial expressions in deaf ASL signers and hearing nonsigners
Hierarchical processing of sound location and motion in the human brainstem and planum temporale.
Resting SPECT-neuropsychology correlation in very mild Alzheimer's disease
SUNCT: bilateral hypothalamic activation during headache attacks and resolving of symptoms after trigeminal decompression.
Functional MRI changes before and after onset of reported emotions.
Gray matter abnormalities in paranoid schizophrenia and their clinical correlations
Cerebral mechanisms of prosodic integration: evidence from connected speech
Involvement of right piriform cortex in olfactory familiarity judgments
Analysis of the spectral envelope of sounds by the human brain
Dissociating neural correlates for nouns and verbs
Dorsolateral prefrontal cortex involvement in memory post-retrieval monitoring revealed in both item and associative recognition tests.
Graded recall success: an event-related fMRI comparison of tip of the tongue and feeling of knowing.
Seeing John Malkovich: the neural substrates of person categorization
Changes in brain activation associated with use of a memory strategy: a functional MRI study
No ɛ4gene dose effect on hippocampal atrophy in a large MRI database of healthy elderly subjects
View-independent coding of face identity in frontal and temporal cortices is modulated by familiarity: an event-related fMRI study
Bilateral thalamic gray matter changes in patients with restless legs syndrome
Yearning to yawn: the neural basis of contagious yawning.
Sensory and cognitive mechanisms for preattentive change detection in auditory cortex.
Catechol-O-methyltransferase val158met genotype affects processing of emotional stimuli in the amygdala and prefrontal cortex.
Information processing of geometrical features of a surface based on binocular disparity cues: an fMRI study.
Brain correlates of subjective reality of physically and psychologically induced pain.
Visual mental imagery induces retinotopically organized activation of early visual areas.
Neural correlates of relational memory: successful encoding and retrieval of semantic and perceptual associations.
A differential pattern of neural response toward sad versus happy facial expressions in major depressive disorder
Neural substrates for voluntary suppression of negative affect: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Bupropion and venlafaxine responders differ in pretreatment regional cerebral metabolism in unipolar depression
Error-related hyperactivity of the anterior cingulate cortex in obsessive-compulsive disorder
Reward-related FMRI activation of dopaminergic midbrain is associated with enhanced hippocampus-dependent long-term memory formation.
Understanding intentions in social interaction: the role of the anterior paracingulate cortex.
Differential anterior prefrontal activation during the recognition stage of a spatial working memory task.
The functional anatomy of sleep-dependent visual skill learning.
Neural substrates of phonemic perception.
Pictures of appetizing foods activate gustatory cortices for taste and reward.
Role of the superior temporal region in human visual motion perception.
Motion class dependency in observers' motor areas revealed by functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Gender differences in the functional neuroanatomy of emotional episodic autobiographical memory.
Brain activation during semantic judgment of Chinese sentences: A functional MRI study.
The functional anatomy of divided attention in amnestic mild cognitive impairment.
Memory encoding in Alzheimer's disease: an fMRI study of explicit and implicit memory.
Gray matter alteration in dyslexia: converging evidence from volumetric and voxel-by-voxel MRI analyses
Advance preparation and stimulus-induced interference in cued task switching: further insights from BOLD fMRI
fMRI activation of the fusiform gyrus and amygdala to cartoon characters but not to faces in a boy with autism
Occipital–parietal interactions during shifts of exogenous visuospatial attention: trial-dependent changes of effective connectivity
The brain basis of piano performance
The neurophysiological time pattern of illusionary visual perceptual transitions: a simultaneous EEG and fMRI study.
The neural origins of specific and general memory: the role of the fusiform cortex.
Internally generated and directly cued task sets: an investigation with fMRI
Reading skills after left anterior temporal lobe resection: an fMRI study.
Language-related activations in the left prefrontal regions are differentially modulated by age, proficiency, and task demands.
Attention to simultaneous unrelated auditory and visual events: behavioral and neural correlates.
Developmental changes in mental arithmetic: evidence for increased functional specialization in the left inferior parietal cortex.
Co-activation of the amygdala, hippocampus and inferior frontal gyrus during autobiographical memory retrieval.
Medial temporal lobe activity for recognition of recent and remote famous names: an event-related fMRI study
Contributions of occipital, parietal and parahippocampal cortex to encoding of object-location associations
Neural correlates of symbolic and non-symbolic arithmetic
Overt sentence production in event-related fMRI
Activation in Posterior Superior Temporal Sulcus Parallels Parameter Inducing the Percept of Animacy
Neural correlates of telling lies: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study at 4 Tesla.
Effects of noun–verb homonymy on the neural correlates of naming concrete entities and actions
Lexical retrieval constrained by sound structure: The role of the left inferior frontal gyrus
Modulation of brain activity during phonological familiarization
Voxel-based morphometry versus region of interest: a comparison of two methods for analyzing gray matter differences in schizophrenia.
The effect of working memory performance on functional MRI in schizophrenia
Learning-related fMRI activation associated with a rotational visuo-motor transformation.
The sensorimotor transformation of cross-modal spatial information in the anterior intraparietal sulcus as revealed by functional MRI.
The neural substrate of arithmetic operations and procedure complexity
The interfering effect of related events on recognition memory discriminability: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Neural representations of graspable objects: are tools special?
Sign and speech: amodal commonality in left hemisphere dominance for comprehension of sentences.
Vicarious function within the human primary motor cortex? A longitudinal fMRI stroke study.
Domain-general and domain-sensitive prefrontal mechanisms for recollecting events and detecting novelty.
Neural systems underlying observation of humanly impossible movements: an FMRI study.
Selecting among competing alternatives: selection and retrieval in the left inferior frontal gyrus.
Distinct Roles for Lateral and Medial Anterior Prefrontal Cortex in Contextual Recollection
Brain processing during mechanical hyperalgesia in complex regional pain syndrome: a functional MRI study.
A comparison of Gamma and Gaussian dynamic convolution models of the fMRI BOLD response
EEG source analysis and fMRI reveal two electrical sources in the fronto-parietal operculum during subepidermal finger stimulation.
Raloxifene exposure enhances brain activation during memory performance in healthy elderly males; its possible relevance to behavior.
Listening to talking faces: motor cortical activation during speech perception
Tactile estimation of the roughness of gratings yields a graded response in the human brain: an fMRI study.
CASL fMRI of subcortico-cortical perfusion changes during memory-guided finger sequences.
An fMRI study of joint attention experience.
Volumetric, connective, and morphologic changes in the brains of children with chromosome 22q11.2 deletion syndrome: an integrative study.
Force level independent representations of predictive grip force–load force coupling: A PET activation study
Verbal episodic memory impairment in Alzheimer's disease: a combined structural and functional MRI study
Intentional false responding shares neural substrates with response conflict and cognitive control.
Atlas-guided non-uniform attenuation correction in cerebral 3D PET imaging
Voxel-based analysis of multiple-system atrophy of cerebellar type: complementary results by combining voxel-based morphometry and voxel-based relaxometry
Viewing facial expressions of pain engages cortical areas involved in the direct experience of pain.
The neuroanatomy of general intelligence: sex matters.
Functional neuroanatomy of working memory in adults with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.
Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder: A preliminary diffusion tensor imaging study
Differential time courses and specificity of amygdala activity in posttraumatic stress disorder subjects and normal control subjects.
Sex differences in brain activation during stress imagery in abstinent cocaine users: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Functional anatomy of biological motion perception in posterior temporal cortex: an FMRI study of eye, mouth and hand movements.
Functional neuroanatomy of human vocalization: an H215O PET study.
Deep Brain Stimulation for Treatment-Resistant Depression
Neural basis of eye gaze processing deficits in autism.
Frontal networks for learning and executing arbitrary stimulus-response associations.
Learning to like: a role for human orbitofrontal cortex in conditioned reward.
Functional neuroanatomy of anticipatory behavior: dissociation between sensory-driven and memory-driven systems.
White matter development during childhood and adolescence: a cross-sectional diffusion tensor imaging study.
A manual and automated MRI study of anterior cingulate and orbito-frontal cortices, and caudate nucleus in obsessive-compulsive disorder: comparison with healthy controls and patients with schizophren
An fMRI investigation of covertly and overtly produced mono- and multisyllabic words.
Generating animal and tool names: an fMRI study of effective connectivity.
Long-term reproducibility analysis of fMRI using hand motor task.
Content-specificity of the neural correlates of recollection.
Activation in the MT-complex during visual perception of apparent motion and temporal succession
Left inferior parietal dominance in gesture imitation: an fMRI study.
Cortical plasticity associated with stuttering therapy
The roles of the caudate nucleus in human classification learning.
Separating the brain regions involved in recollection and familiarity in recognition memory.
Individual differences in threat sensitivity predict serotonergic modulation of amygdala response to fearful faces.
The anterior cingulate cortex contains distinct areas dissociating external from self-administered painful stimulation: a parametric fMRI study
A role for the brainstem in central sensitisation in humans. Evidence from functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Contributions of amygdala and striatal activity in emotion regulation.
Processing of audiovisual speech in Broca's area
The Talairach coordinate of a point in the MNI space: how to interpret it.
Separate cortical networks involved in music perception: preliminary functional MRI evidence for modularity of music processing.
The effect of encoding strategies on medial temporal lobe activations during the recognition of words: an event-related fMRI study.
The many faces of the gamma band response to complex visual stimuli.
Task demands modulate sustained and transient neural activity during visual-matching tasks.
Semi-blind ICA of fMRI: A method for utilizing hypothesis-derived time courses in a spatial ICA analysis.
Validation of SOBI components from high-density EEG.
Hippocampal functional magnetic resonance imaging during a face-name learning task in adolescents with antecedents of prematurity.
The appreciation of wine by sommeliers: a functional magnetic resonance study of sensory integration.
Dissociation of cortical regions modulated by both working memory load and sleep deprivation and by sleep deprivation alone.
Executive dysfunction in Parkinson's disease is associated with altered pallidal-frontal processing.
Superior temporal gyrus and insula provide response and outcome-dependent information during assessment and action selection in a decision-making situation.
Self-referential reflective activity and its relationship with rest: a PET study.
The neural correlate of very-long-term picture priming.
Contralateral and ipsilateral responses in primary somatosensory cortex following electrical median nerve stimulation--an fMRI study.
Functional connectivity with anterior cingulate and orbitofrontal cortices during decision-making
Sustained neural activity associated with cognitive control during temporally extended decision making.
Neuroimaging of marijuana smokers during inhibitory processing: a pilot investigation.
Risky decision making and the anterior cingulate cortex in abstinent drug abusers and nonusers.
Serial and parallel processing in the human auditory cortex: a magnetoencephalographic study.
Quantitative prediction of perceptual decisions during near-threshold fear detection.
Decisions under uncertainty: probabilistic context influences activation of prefrontal and parietal cortices.
Dissociable retrosplenial and hippocampal contributions to successful formation of survey representations.
Specializations for chromatic and temporal signals in human visual cortex.
Control networks and hemispheric asymmetries in parietal cortex during attentional orienting in different spatial reference frames.
Early, partly anticipatory, neural oscillations during identification set the stage for priming
What vs. where in touch: an fMRI study.
Neuromagnetic localization of rhythmic activity in the human brain: a comparison of three methods
The BOLD onset transient: identification of novel functional differences in schizophrenia.
Neuroimaging-guided rTMS of the left inferior frontal gyrus interferes with repetition priming.
Learning by strategies and learning by drill—evidence from an fMRI study
Spatial resolution of fMRI in the human parasylvian cortex: comparison of somatosensory and auditory activation.
Neural correlates of distance and congruity effects in a numerical Stroop task: an event-related fMRI study.
An adaptive reflexive processing model of neurocognitive function: supporting evidence from a large scale (n = 100) fMRI study of an auditory oddball task.
Reduced functional connectivity between V1 and inferior frontal cortex associated with visuomotor performance in autism.
Self-face recognition activates a frontoparietal "mirror" network in the right hemisphere: an event-related fMRI study.
Spatiotemporal brain dynamics in response to muscle stimulation.
Expanding the response space in chronic schizophrenia: the relevance of left prefrontal cortex.
Hippocampus activity differentiates good from poor learners of a novel lexicon.
Dissociable brain activations during the retrieval of different kinds of spatial context memory.
Language in context: emergent features of word, sentence, and narrative comprehension
Activation of the precuneus is related to reduced reaction time in serial reaction time tasks.
Grammatical gender in the brain: Evidence from an fMRI study on Italian
Levodopa-induced modulation of subthalamic beta oscillations during self-paced movements in patients with Parkinson's disease.
Involvement of rostral prefrontal cortex in selection between stimulus-oriented and stimulus-independent thought.
Brain regions associated with successful and unsuccessful retrieval of verbal episodic memory as revealed by divided attention.
Brain-based mechanisms underlying complex causal thinking.
Somatosensory activations during the observation of touch and a case of vision-touch synaesthesia.
Functional MRI study of diencephalic amnesia in Wernicke-Korsakoff syndrome.
Specific motion processing pathway deficit during eye tracking in schizophrenia: a performance-matched functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Cortical and subcortical brain effects of transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS)-induced movement: an interleaved TMS/functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Neural substrates in judgment process while playing go: a comparison of amateurs with professionals
An event-related fMRI study of the neural networks underlying the encoding, maintenance, and retrieval phase in a delayed-match-to-sample task
Distinctions between manipulation and function knowledge of objects: evidence from functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Cortical topography of human anterior intraparietal cortex active during visually guided grasping.
Contagious yawning and the brain.
Corticolimbic blood flow in posttraumatic stress disorder during script-driven imagery
Functional connectivity of dissociative responses in posttraumatic stress disorder: a functional magnetic resonance imaging investigation.
Brain activation of patients with obsessive-compulsive disorder during neuropsychological and symptom provocation tasks before and after symptom improvement: a functional magnetic resonance imaging st
Aging affects both perceptual and lexical/semantic components of word stem priming: An event-related fMRI study
Amitriptyline reduces rectal pain related activation of the anterior cingulate cortex in patients with irritable bowel syndrome
Human cortical responses during one-bit delayed-response tasks: An fMRI study
Anterior cingulate cortex: an fMRI analysis of conflict specificity and functional differentiation.
Neural correlates of painful genital touch in women with vulvar vestibulitis syndrome.
Clinical deficits correlate with regional cerebral atrophy in progressive supranuclear palsy.
Differential activity in left inferior frontal gyrus for pseudowords and real words: an event-related fMRI study on auditory lexical decision.
Voxel-based analysis of MRI detects abnormal visual cortex in children and adults with amblyopia.
Processing lexical semantic and syntactic information in first and second language: fMRI evidence from German and Russian.
Grey matter changes over time in high risk subjects developing schizophrenia.
Functional MRI reveals the existence of modality and coordination-dependent timing networks
Adults and children processing music: an fMRI study.
Expectancy and belief modulate the neuronal substrates of pain treated by acupuncture
Perceptual bias following visual target selection.
Voxel-based morphometry and stereology provide convergent evidence of the importance of medial prefrontal cortex for fluid intelligence in healthy adults.
Trial pacing in mental rotation tasks.
Frontal and limbic metabolic differences in subjects selected according to genetic variation of the SLC6A4 gene polymorphism.
Brain mechanisms for mood congruent memory facilitation.
Hippocampal activations during encoding and retrieval in a verbal working memory paradigm.
Amygdala and nucleus accumbens in responses to receipt and omission of gains in adults and adolescents
A new SPM toolbox for combining probabilistic cytoarchitectonic maps and functional imaging data.
Sex differences in the neural correlates of child facial resemblance: an event-related fMRI study.
Attentional modulation of perceptual grouping in human visual cortex: functional MRI studies.
Preservation of limbic and paralimbic structures in aging.
Tactile discrimination of grating orientation: fMRI activation patterns.
Effects of long-term practice and task complexity in musicians and nonmusicians performing simple and complex motor tasks: implications for cortical motor organization.
Function of striatum beyond inhibition and execution of motor responses.
Spontaneous low-frequency BOLD signal fluctuations: an fMRI investigation of the resting-state default mode of brain function hypothesis.
The effect of social content on deductive reasoning: an fMRI study.
Neural network involved in time perception: an fMRI study comparing long and short interval estimation.
Emotional memory: separating content and context.
Changes in brain activation during the acquisition of a multifrequency bimanual coordination task: from the cognitive stage to advanced levels of automaticity.
Using functional magnetic resonance imaging to assess adaptation and size invariance of shape processing by humans and monkeys.
Dissociable roles of prefrontal and anterior cingulate cortices in deception.
Motor control in basal ganglia circuits using fMRI and brain atlas approaches.
Cognitive functions correlate with white matter architecture in a normal pediatric population: a diffusion tensor MRI study.
Increased activation of the anterior cingulate cortex during processing of disgust faces in individuals with social phobia.
Reduced activation of posterior cingulate cortex during imagery in subjects with high degrees of alexithymia: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Sustained activation of the hippocampus in response to fearful faces in schizophrenia.
Abnormal Hemodynamics in Schizophrenia During an Auditory Oddball Task
Automated cortical projection of head-surface locations for transcranial functional brain mapping
Age-dependent brain activation during forward and backward digit recall revealed by fMRI.
Linking retinotopic fMRI mapping and anatomical probability maps of human occipital areas V1 and V2.
Pathways for fear perception: modulation of amygdala activity by thalamo-cortical systems.
Frequency specific changes in regional cerebral blood flow and motor system connectivity following rTMS to the primary motor cortex.
Coherence between fMRI time-series distinguishes two spatial working memory networks.
Brain activation of lower extremity movement in chronically impaired stroke survivors
Same or different? Neural correlates of happy and sad mood in healthy males.
Who did what to whom? The neural basis of argument hierarchies during language comprehension.
Forming impressions of people versus inanimate objects: social-cognitive processing in the medial prefrontal cortex.
Placing a tool in the spotlight: spatial attention modulates visuomotor responses in cortex.
Maintaining coherence of dynamic objects requires coordination of neural systems extended from anterior frontal to posterior parietal brain cortices.
Combined event-related fMRI and intracerebral ERP study of an auditory oddball task.
Imaging speech production using fMRI.
fMRI temporal clustering analysis in patients with frequent interictal epileptiform discharges: comparison with EEG-driven analysis.
Effect of working memory on evaluation-related frontocentral negativity
An fMRI study of optokinetic nystagmus and smooth-pursuit eye movements in humans.
Activity and connectivity of brain mood regulating circuit in depression: a functional magnetic resonance study.
Cocaine dependence and attention switching within and between verbal and visuospatial working memory.
Recapitulating emotional context: activity of amygdala, hippocampus and fusiform cortex during recollection and familiarity.
An event-related functional magnetic resonance imaging study of voluntary and stimulus-driven orienting of attention.
Acupoint-specific fMRI patterns in human brain.
The cerebellum's involvement in the judgment of spatial orientation: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Imaging the visual autokinetic illusion with fMRI.
Implicit Associative Learning Engages the Hippocampus and Interacts with Explicit Associative Learning
Neural correlates of eye blinking; improved by simultaneous fMRI and EOG measurement.
Brain response to putative pheromones in homosexual men.
Neural correlates of the misattribution of self-generated speech.
Attention orienting dysfunction during salient novel stimulus processing in schizophrenia.
A 4.0-T fMRI study of brain connectivity during word fluency in first-episode schizophrenia.
Correlations between MRI-assessed volumes of the thalamus and cortical Brodmann's areas in schizophrenia.
Neural correlates of high and craving during cocaine self-administration using BOLD fMRI
The effect of adult-acquired hippocampal damage on memory retrieval: an fMRI study.
On-line automatic slice positioning for brain MR imaging.
Tryptophan depletion reduces right inferior prefrontal activation during response inhibition in fast, event-related fMRI.
Glucose Metabolism in Early Onset versus Late Onset Alzheimer's Disease: An SPM Analysis of 120 Patients
The human parietal operculum. II. Stereotaxic maps and correlation with functional imaging results.
Distributed neural representation of expected value.
Neuronal effects of acute citalopram detected by pharmacoMRI.
The neural bases of amusement and sadness: a comparison of block contrast and subject-specific emotion intensity regression approaches.
Language network specializations: An analysis with parallel task designs and functional magnetic resonance imaging
Scanning silence: mental imagery of complex sounds.
Neural mechanisms underlying the processing of Chinese words: An fMRI study
Modulation of the semantic system by word imageability
Two distinct neural effects of blinking on human visual processing.
fMRI-acoustic noise alters brain activation during working memory tasks.
Letter processing interferes with inhibition of return: Evidence for cortical involvement
Processing of sub-syllabic speech units in the posterior temporal lobe: an fMRI study.
The brain uses single-trial multisensory memories to discriminate without awareness.
Response of anterior temporal cortex to syntactic and prosodic manipulations during sentence processing.
Time-efficient localization of the human secondary somatosensory cortex by functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Information theory, novelty and hippocampal responses: unpredicted or unpredictable?
Imaging phonology without print: assessing the neural correlates of phonemic awareness using fMRI.
A longitudinal fMRI study on motor activity in patients with multiple sclerosis.
The Role of VMPC in Metamemorial Judgments of Content Retrievability
Visceral and cutaneous pain representation in parasylvian cortex.
Functional integration in schizophrenia: too little or too much? Preliminary results on fMRI data.
Multisensory stimulation with or without saccades: fMRI evidence for crossmodal effects on sensory-specific cortices that reflect multisensory location-congruence rather than task-relevance.
Cortical activation during reading of ancient versus modern Japanese texts: fMRI study.
Passive somatosensory discrimination tasks in healthy volunteers: differential networks involved in familiar versus unfamiliar shape and length discrimination.
The activation of attentional networks.
Neural substrates of faulty decision-making in abstinent marijuana users.
Objective evidence of cognitive complaints in Chronic Fatigue Syndrome: a BOLD fMRI study of verbal working memory.
Stimulus pacing affects the activation of the medial temporal lobe during a semantic classification task: an fMRI study.
Cross-modal activation of visual cortex during depth perception using auditory substitution of vision
A common neural basis for receptive and expressive communication of pleasant facial affect.
Left thalamo-cortical network implicated in successful speech separation and identification.
Neural correlates of a reversal learning task with an affectively neutral baseline: an event-related fMRI study.
Resting state glucose utilization and the CERAD cognitive battery in patients with Alzheimer's disease
Soundmorphing: a new approach to studying speech perception in humans.
The BOLD response during Stroop task-like inhibition paradigms: Effects of task difficulty and task-relevant modality.
Distinct cortical pathways for processing tool versus animal sounds.
Jumping the gun: is effective preparation contingent upon anticipatory activation in task-relevant neural circuitry?
Retrieving accurate and distorted memories: Neuroimaging evidence for effects of emotion
The neural correlates of driving performance identified using positron emission tomography
Long-range EEG phase synchronization during an arithmetic task indexes a coherent cortical network simultaneously measured by fMRI.
Somatotopic organisation of the human insula to painful heat studied with high resolution functional imaging
Quantitative assessment of the reproducibility of functional activation measured with BOLD and MR perfusion imaging: implications for clinical trial design.
Brain mechanisms underlying perceptual causality.
Common neural substrates for the control and effects of visual attention and perceptual bistability.
Changes in Gray Matter Volume in Patients with Bipolar Disorder
Visibility reflects dynamic changes of effective connectivity between V1 and fusiform cortex.
Top-down reorganization of activity in the visual pathway after learning a shape identification task.
Neural activity associated with cognitive regulation in heroin users: A fMRI study.
Recruitment of fusiform face area associated with listening to degraded speech sounds in auditory–visual speech perception: a PET study
Cortical and subcortical contributions to saccade latency in the human brain.
Specificity of regions processing biological motion.
Material-specific lateralization of memory encoding in the medial temporal lobe: blocked versus event-related design.
Frontomedian activation depends on both feedback validity and valence: fMRI evidence for contextual feedback evaluation.
Different neuronal pathways support the generation of general and specific mental images.
Voxel Based Comparison of Glucose Metabolism in the Differential Diagnosis of the Multiple System Atrophy Using Statistical Parametric Mapping
Cerebral mechanisms of prosodic sensory integration using low-frequency bands of connected speech.
The emergence of the unmarked: a new perspective on the language-specific function of Broca's area.
Functional disconnectivity in subjects at high genetic risk of schizophrenia.
Target visibility and visual awareness modulate amygdala responses to fearful faces.
The neural correlates of motor skill automaticity.
Shifts of effective connectivity within a language network during rhyming and spelling.
Brain correlates of negative visuospatial priming in healthy children.
Hemodynamic responses of the amygdala, the orbitofrontal cortex and the visual cortex during a fear conditioning paradigm.
Stimulus type and design influence hemodynamic responses towards visual disgust and fear elicitors.
Influences of disgust sensitivity on hemodynamic responses towards a disgust-inducing film clip.
Neural responses of OCD patients towards disorder-relevant, generally disgust-inducing and fear-inducing pictures.
Functional changes in the activity of brain regions underlying emotion processing in the elderly.
Correlations of cortical activation and behavior during the application of newly learned categories
White matter density in patients with schizophrenia, bipolar disorder and their unaffected relatives.
Reduced regional cerebral blood flow in SPG4-linked hereditary spastic paraplegia.
Brain activation during music listening in individuals with or without prior music training.
Effects of alphabeticality, practice and type of instruction on reading an artificial script: an fMRI study.
Two distinct neural mechanisms for category-selective responses.
Attention and emotion: does rating emotion alter neural responses to amusing and sad films?
Motor reorganization in asymptomatic carriers of a single mutant Parkin allele: a human model for presymptomatic parkinsonism.
Temporal dynamics of cerebro-cerebellar network recruitment during a cognitive task.
Are numbers special? The comparison systems of the human brain investigated by fMRI.
Imagined rotations of self versus objects: an fMRI study.
Prefrontal functioning during context processing in schizophrenia and major depression: an event-related fMRI study.
Cortical intercorrelations of temporal area volumes in schizophrenia.
Structural brain imaging of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.
Modulation of behavior and cortical motor activity in healthy subjects by a chronic administration of a serotonin enhancer
Dishabituation of the BOLD response to speech sounds
Placebo in emotional processing--induced expectations of anxiety relief activate a generalized modulatory network.
Variation of human amygdala response during threatening stimuli as a function of 5'HTTLPR genotype and personality style.
Imaging Brain Mu-Opioid Receptors in Abstinent Cocaine Users: Time Course and Relation to Cocaine Craving
Functional magnetic resonance imaging and transcranial magnetic stimulation: effects of motor imagery, movement and coil orientation.
Age-related reorganization of encoding networks directly influences subsequent recognition memory.
Altered resting state networks in mild cognitive impairment and mild Alzheimer's disease: an fMRI study.
Human brain activation during passive listening to sounds from different locations: an fMRI and MEG study.
A systematic investigation of the functional neuroanatomy of auditory and visual phonological processing.
Differential activation of pre-SMA and SMA proper during action observation: effects of instructions.
Multiple components of lateral posterior parietal activation associated with cognitive set shifting
Functional MRI of galvanic vestibular stimulation with alternating currents at different frequencies.
Directing spatial attention in mental representations: Interactions between attentional orienting and working-memory load.
Hemispheric differences in hemodynamics elicited by auditory oddball stimuli.
Cerebellum and M1 interaction during early learning of timed motor sequences
Parahippocampal activation evoked by masked traumatic images in posttraumatic stress disorder: a functional MRI study.
Emotional context during encoding of neutral items modulates brain activation not only during encoding but also during recognition.
Cognitive control and brain resources in major depression: an fMRI study using the n-back task.
Age- and sex-related effects on the neuroanatomy of healthy elderly
Delayed hemodynamic responses in schizophrenia.
Functional network in the prefrontal cortex during episodic memory retrieval
Functional MRI BOLD response to Tower of London performance of first-episode schizophrenia patients using cortical pattern matching.
Quantile estimation to derive optimized test thresholds for random field statistics.
A functional MRI study of automatic movements in patients with Parkinson's disease.
Dynamics of male sexual arousal: distinct components of brain activation revealed by fMRI.
Familiarity enhances invariance of face representations in human ventral visual cortex: fMRI evidence.
Retrieving rules for behavior from long-term memory.
Virtual 10-20 measurement on MR images for inter-modal linking of transcranial and tomographic neuroimaging methods.
The role of the human amygdala in the production of conditioned fear responses.
Word and non-word reading: what role for the Visual Word Form Area?
Separating semantic conflict and response conflict in the Stroop task: a functional MRI study.
Content-specific activation during associative long-term memory retrieval.
Thinking about intentions.
Hypnosis decouples cognitive control from conflict monitoring processes of the frontal lobe.
Sleep-dependent motor memory plasticity in the human brain
Traumatic brain injury and grey matter concentration: a preliminary voxel based morphometry study.
Spatial interference during bimanual coordination: differential brain networks associated with control of movement amplitude and direction.
Lexical and sentential processing in British Sign Language.
Location and spatial profile of category-specific regions in human extrastriate cortex.
Visual attention deficits in Alzheimer's disease: an fMRI study.
A functional MRI comparison of patients with obsessive-compulsive disorder and normal controls during a Chinese character Stroop task.
Brain abnormalities underlying altered activation in dyslexia: a voxel based morphometry study.
The human brain is intrinsically organized into dynamic, anticorrelated functional networks.
Perceptual fusion and stimulus coincidence in the cross-modal integration of speech.
A neural signature of colour and luminance correspondence in bistable apparent motion.
Knowing good from bad: differential activation of human cortical areas by positive and negative outcomes.
Neuronal mechanisms underlying control of a brain-computer interface.
Regional Gray Matter Abnormalities in Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder: A Voxel-Based Morphometry Study
Neurobiological correlates of social conformity and independence during mental rotation.
Male and female voices activate distinct regions in the male brain.
Towards quantification of blood-flow changes during cognitive task activation using perfusion-based fMRI.
The spatiotemporal pattern of auditory cortical responses during verbal hallucinations.
Modulation of pain processing in hyperalgesia by cognitive demand.
Effects of dopaminergic and serotonergic manipulation on emotional processing: a pharmacological fMRI study.
Frontal lobe involvement in spatial span: Converging studies of normal and impaired function
Using voxel-based morphometry to map the structural changes associated with rapid conversion in MCI: A longitudinal MRI study
Cerebral correlates of delta waves during non-REM sleep revisited
Spatial registration of multichannel multi-subject fNIRS data to MNI space without MRI
Task constraints modulate activation in right ventral lateral prefrontal cortex.
Age differences in the neural systems supporting human allocentric spatial navigation
The role of precuneus and left inferior frontal cortex during source memory episodic retrieval.
Activation shift from medial to lateral temporal cortex associated with recency judgements following impoverished encoding.
Emotional content and reality-monitoring ability: fMRI evidence for the influences of encoding processes.
Sustained involvement of a frontal-parietal network for spatial response selection with practice of a spatial choice-reaction task.
Task-related activity in prefrontal cortex and its relation to recognition memory performance in young and old adults
Cortical intercorrelations of frontal area volumes in schizophrenia.
The influence of encoding strategy on episodic memory and cortical activity in schizophrenia.
Age-differential patterns of brain activation during perception of angry faces.
Semantic divergence and creative story generation: an fMRI investigation.
Fate of unattended fearful faces in the amygdala is determined by both attentional resources and cognitive modulation.
Neural mechanisms underlying food motivation in children and adolescents.
Hemispheric specialization of human inferior temporal cortex during coarse-to-fine and fine-to-coarse analysis of natural visual scenes.
Inspiratory loading elicits aberrant fMRI signal changes in obstructive sleep apnea
Cerebral asymmetry in children when reading Chinese characters.
Involvement of both prefrontal and inferior parietal cortex in dual-task performance
Task-independent semantic activation for numbers and animals.
Distinct fMRI responses to laughter, speech, and sounds along the human peri-sylvian cortex.
Activity and functional connectivity of inferior frontal cortex associated with response conflict.
Cue-induced brain activity in pathological gamblers.
Diagnosis-Related Regional Gray Matter Loss Over Two Years in First Episode Schizophrenia and Bipolar Disorder
A double dissociation of ventromedial prefrontal cortical responses to sad and happy stimuli in depressed and healthy individuals.
Social contracts and precautions activate different neurological systems: an fMRI investigation of deontic reasoning.
Hypnotic suggestion reduces conflict in the human brain.
Anterior cingulate activity during error and autonomic response.
Functionally segregated neural substrates for arbitrary audiovisual paired-association learning.
A variant C178T in the regulatory region of the serotonin receptor gene HTR3A modulates neural activation in the human amygdala.
Neural evidence for dissociable components of task-switching.
A functional MRI study of the effects of bromocriptine, a dopamine receptor agonist, on component processes of working memory.
Functional magnetic resonance imaging response to increased verbal working memory demands among patients with multiple sclerosis.
fMRI response to spatial working memory in adolescents with comorbid marijuana and alcohol use disorders.
Asymmetric modulation of human visual cortex activity during 10° lateral gaze (fMRI study)
Two brain pathways for attended and ignored words.
Extra-hippocampal grey matter density abnormalities in paediatric mesial temporal sclerosis
Brain activations associated with probability matching.
Left inferior prefrontal cortex activation during a semantic decision-making task predicts the degree of semantic organization.
Measurement of basal forebrain atrophy in Alzheimer's disease using MRI.
Mistaking a house for a face: neural correlates of misperception in healthy humans.
Common and unique components of response inhibition revealed by fMRI.
Direction-specific adaptation of magnetic responses to motion onset
Taking an "intentional stance" on eye-gaze shifts: a functional neuroimaging study of social perception in children.
Ventral Striatum/Nucleus Accumbens Activation to Smoking-Related Pictorial Cues in Smokers and Nonsmokers: A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Magnetic resonance imaging of cerebellar-prefrontal and cerebellar-parietal functional connectivity.
The rewards of music listening: response and physiological connectivity of the mesolimbic system.
Orientation of tendons in vivo with active and passive knee muscles
Neural mechanisms involved in error processing: a comparison of errors made with and without awareness.
Cognitive influences on predictive saccadic tracking.
A comparison of two FMRI protocols for eliciting hippocampal activation.
Oscillatory coupling in writing and writer’s cramp
Listening to a walking human activates the temporal biological motion area.
Hemispheric asymmetry emerges at distinct parts of the occipitotemporal cortex for objects, logograms and phonograms: a functional MRI study.
Anterior prefrontal involvement in episodic retrieval reflects contextual interference
The role of anterior cingulate cortex and precuneus in the coordination of motor behaviour.
Neural basis of aging: the penetration of cognition into action control.
Neural coding of distinct statistical properties of reward information in humans.
Identifying brain regions for integrative sensorimotor processing with ankle movements.
Neural substrates for functionally discriminating self-face from personally familiar faces.
Activation of the left planum temporale in pitch processing is shaped by language experience.
Evaluating fMRI methods for assessing hemispheric language dominance in healthy subjects
Neural networks of information processing in posttraumatic stress disorder: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Brain activity in cigarette smokers performing a working memory task: effect of smoking abstinence.
Erotic and disgust-inducing pictures--differences in the hemodynamic responses of the brain.
Processing of auditory spatial cues in human cortex: an fMRI study.
Formal learning theory dissociates brain regions with different temporal integration.
Neural modeling and imaging of the cortical interactions underlying syllable production.
The neural correlates of anhedonia in major depressive disorder.
Brain regions associated with the expression and contextual regulation of anxiety in primates.
Changes in regional cerebral blood flow by therapeutic vagus nerve stimulation in depression: an exploratory approach.
Transient BOLD responses at block transitions.
The robustness of perception.
Brain activation of spider phobics towards disorder-relevant, generally disgust- and fear-inducing pictures.
Attributions on the brain: neuro-imaging dispositional inferences, beyond theory of mind.
Brain activation during execution and motor imagery of novel and skilled sequential hand movements
Temporal dissociation of early lexical access and articulation using a delayed naming task--an FMRI study.
A direct comparison of anterior prefrontal cortex involvement in episodic retrieval and integration.
Blinking Suppresses the Neural Response to Unchanging Retinal Stimulation
Dissociating prefrontal contributions during a recency memory task.
Feelings of warmth correlate with neural activity in right anterior insular cortex.
The reliability of fMRI activations in the medial temporal lobes in a verbal episodic memory task.
Functional imaging evidence of the relationship between recurrent psychotic episodes and neurodegenerative course in schizophrenia.
Prefrontal cortex activity in self-initiated movements is condition-specific, but not movement-related.
fMR-adaptation reveals a distributed representation of inanimate objects and places in human visual cortex.
Dissociation between ventral and dorsal fMRI activation during object and action recognition.
Hippocampal activation during processing of previously seen visual stimulus pairs.
Grey matter deficits and symptom profile in first episode schizophrenia.
When meaningless symbols become letters: neural activity change in learning new phonograms.
Emotion and attention interactions in social cognition: brain regions involved in processing anger prosody.
Neural dynamics of error processing in medial frontal cortex.
Contributions of the hippocampus and the striatum to simple association and frequency-based learning.
Neural responses to acute cocaine administration in the human brain detected by fMRI.
Intact hemispheric specialization for spatial and shape working memory in schizophrenia.
Investigating emotion with music: an fMRI study.
Encoding and the durability of episodic memory: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Cognitive processing in Chinese literate and illiterate subjects: an fMRI study.
Direction-dependent visual cortex activation during horizontal optokinetic stimulation (fMRI study).
How do we modulate our emotions? Parametric fMRI reveals cortical midline structures as regions specifically involved in the processing of emotional valences.
Bilateral activation of the prefrontal cortex after strategic semantic cognitive training.
Method of construction of a MRI-based tabular database of 3D stereotaxic co-ordinates for individual structures in the basal ganglia of Macaca mulatta.
Low-dose estradiol alters brain activity.
Diffusion tensor imaging in medial temporal lobe epilepsy with hippocampal sclerosis
Concurrent CBF and CMRGlc changes during human brain activation by combined fMRI-PET scanning.
The functional neuroanatomy of coordinated orofacial movements: sparse sampling fMRI of whistling.
Diffusion tensor imaging in chronic head injury survivors: correlations with learning and memory indices.
Incidental effects of emotional valence in single word processing: an fMRI study.
Anterior cingulate activation and error processing during interferon-alpha treatment.
Functional neuroanatomy of body shape perception in healthy and eating-disordered women.
Empirical comparison of maximal voxel and non-isotropic adjusted cluster extent results in a voxel-based morphometry study of comorbid learning disability with schizophrenia
Implementation of visuospatial cues in response selection.
Brain correlates of aesthetic judgment of beauty.
Attachment-style differences in the ability to suppress negative thoughts: exploring the neural correlates.
Effects of cognitive-behavioral therapy on brain activation in specific phobia
Hemispheric asymmetry of sulcus-function correspondence: quantization and developmental implications.
Beyond affect: a role for genetic variation of the serotonin transporter in neural activation during a cognitive attention task.
Cerebral metabolic dysfunction and impaired vigilance in recently abstinent methamphetamine abusers.
Naming of newly learned objects: A PET activation study
A special role for numbers in working memory? An fMRI study.
Brain Activation by Histamine Prick Test-Induced Itch
Differential prefrontal-temporal neural correlates of semantic processing in children.
Cerebral perfusion abnormality in narcolepsy with cataplexy
Comparison of fMRI motion correction software tools.
Left temporo-limbic and orbital dysfunction in schizophrenia during odor familiarity and hedonicity judgments.
Neural impact of the semantic content of visual mental images and visual percepts
Brain mechanisms for extracting spatial information from smell.
Task-dependent posterior cingulate activation in mild cognitive impairment.
Neural mechanism in anterior prefrontal cortex for inhibition of prolonged set interference.
Method for multimodal analysis of independent source differences in schizophrenia: combining gray matter structural and auditory oddball functional data.
Motion standstill leads to activation of inferior parietal lobe.
Cognitive modules utilized for narrative comprehension in children: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Selective response to letter categorization within the left fusiform gyrus.
Neural correlates of dual-task performance after minimizing task-preparation.
When visual perception causes feeling: enhanced cross-modal processing in grapheme-color synesthesia.
Differential role of the orbital frontal lobe in emotional versus cognitive perspective-taking.
Explicit and Implicit Facial Affect Recognition in Manic and Depressed States of Bipolar Disorder: A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Differential coding of hyperalgesia in the human brain: a functional MRI study.
Where does your own action influence your perception of another person's action in the brain?
Change detection in children with autism: an auditory event-related fMRI study.
Tactile form and location processing in the human brain.
Conditional associative memory for musical stimuli in nonmusicians: implications for absolute pitch.
Neuronal correlates of theory of mind and empathy: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study in a nonverbal task.
Development of attentional networks: an fMRI study with children and adults.
Neural correlates of superior intelligence: stronger recruitment of posterior parietal cortex.
Diffusion tensor imaging and tractography of distal peripheral nerves at 3 T.
The fusiform face area is not sufficient for face recognition: evidence from a patient with dense prosopagnosia and no occipital face area.
Affective ambiguity for a group recruits ventromedial prefrontal cortex.
Phonological processing in Chinese-English bilingual biscriptals: an fMRI study.
Systems level modeling of a neuronal network subserving intrinsic alertness.
The neural basis of financial risk taking.
Global and regional gray matter reductions in ADHD: A voxel-based morphometric study
The prediction of rapid conversion to Alzheimer's disease in mild cognitive impairment using regional cerebral blood flow SPECT
Severity of nicotine dependence modulates cue-induced brain activity in regions involved in motor preparation and imagery.
Changes in connectivity profiles as a mechanism for strategic control over interfering subliminal information.
Neuro-functional differences associated with arithmetic processing in Turner syndrome.
Functional dissociation of attentional selection within PFC: response and non-response related aspects of attentional selection as ascertained by fMRI.
How reading differs from object naming at the neuronal level.
Dysfunction of ventral striatal reward prediction in schizophrenia.
Recovery of correlated neuronal sources from EEG: The good and bad ways of using SOBI
Atypical motor and sensory cortex activation in attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study of simple sequential finger tapping.
Neural mechanisms of automatic and direct processing of phobogenic stimuli in specific phobia.
Influence of X chromosome and hormones on human brain development: a magnetic resonance imaging and proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy study of Turner syndrome.
Evaluation of a novel event-related parametric fMRI paradigm investigating prefrontal function.
Neural Correlates of Executive Function in Autistic Spectrum Disorders
Empathy examined through the neural mechanisms involved in imagining how I feel versus how you feel pain.
Neural mechanisms of imitation and 'mirror neuron' functioning in autistic spectrum disorder.
Reading embossed capital letters: an fMRI study in blind and sighted individuals.
Neural correlates of the interaction between transient and sustained processes: a mixed blocked/event-related fMRI study.
Brain activity during emotionally negative pictures in schizophrenia with and without flat affect: an fMRI study.
Neutral faces activate the amygdala during identity matching.
Intellectual prognosis of status epilepticus in adult epilepsy patients: analysis with Wechsler Adult Intelligence Scale-revised.
Structural covariance in the human cortex.
Male elderly subthreshold depression patients have smaller volume of medial part of prefrontal cortex and precentral gyrus compared with age-matched normal subjects: A voxel-based morphometry
Mathematically gifted male adolescents activate a unique brain network during mental rotation.
Dissociating response selection and conflict in the medial frontal surface.
Functional imaging of stress urinary incontinence.
Neural correlates of self-evaluative accuracy after traumatic brain injury.
The role of the dorsal stream for gesture production.
Neural basis for generalized quantifier comprehension.
Anterior prefrontal cortex and the recollection of contextual information.
Premotor activations in response to visually presented single letters depend on the hand used to write: a study on left-handers.
Neuroanatomical correlates of impaired recognition of emotion in dementia.
Mapping multiple visual areas in the human brain with a short fMRI sequence
Cross-modal processing in auditory and visual working memory.
High binaural coherence determines successful sound localization and increased activity in posterior auditory areas.
Telling truth from lie in individual subjects with fast event-related fMRI.
Attention to visual speech gestures enhances hemodynamic activity in the left planum temporale.
Evidence for separate perceptual reactivation and search processes during remembering.
Neural activity associated with stress-induced cocaine craving: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Distorted images of one's own body activates the prefrontal cortex and limbic/paralimbic system in young women: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Deriving meaning: Distinct neural mechanisms for metaphoric, literal, and non-meaningful sentences
Metaphorical vs. literal word meanings: fMRI evidence against a selective role of the right hemisphere.
Large-scale neural network for sentence processing.
Modulation of language areas with functional MR image-guided magnetic stimulation.
Spatiotemporal dynamics of human object recognition processing: an integrated high-density electrical mapping and functional imaging study of "closure" processes.
An fMRI study of the Trail Making Test.
Decrease and increase in brain activity during visual perceptual priming: an fMRI study on similar but perceptually different complex visual scenes.
Temporal and frontal systems in speech comprehension: an fMRI study of past tense processing.
Neural correlates of temporal-order judgments versus those of spatial-location: deactivation of hippocampus may facilitate spatial performance.
Dissociation in the neural basis underlying Chinese tone and vowel production.
Being with virtual others: Neural correlates of social interaction.
Functional MRI of facial emotion recognition deficits in schizophrenia and their electrophysiological correlates.
An fMRI study of causal judgments.
Neural correlates of adjunctive rivastigmine treatment to antipsychotics in schizophrenia: a randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind fMRI study.
Functional neuroanatomy of aversion and its anticipation.
Imaging of a synchronous neuronal assembly in the human visual brain.
Neural changes in the ventral and dorsal visual streams during pattern recognition learning
Functional dysconnectivity in schizophrenia associated with attentional modulation of motor function.
Detecting deception using functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Executive dysfunction in early stages of Huntington's disease is associated with striatal and insular atrophy: a neuropsychological and voxel-based morphometric study.
The temporal characteristics of motion processing in hMT/V5+: combining fMRI and neuronavigated TMS.
Prosodic clues to syntactic processing--a PET and ERP study.
Human Neural Learning Depends on Reward Prediction Errors in the Blocking Paradigm
Configural processing of biological motion in human superior temporal sulcus.
Neuroanatomical correlates of behavioural disorders in dementia.
The link between social cognition and self-referential thought in the medial prefrontal cortex.
Handedness and cerebral anatomical asymmetries in young adult males
Abnormal object recall and anterior cingulate overactivation correlate with formal thought disorder in schizophrenia.
Regional white matter change in pre-symptomatic Huntington's disease: a diffusion tensor imaging study.
Monoamine oxidase-a genetic variations influence brain activity associated with inhibitory control: new insight into the neural correlates of impulsivity.
Grey matter loss in relapsing–remitting multiple sclerosis: A voxel-based morphometry study
Hormonal cycle modulates arousal circuitry in women using functional magnetic resonance imaging.
The hemodynamics of oddball processing during single-tone and two-tone target detection tasks.
Abnormal brain activation during movement observation in patients with conversion paralysis.
On the scent of human olfactory orbitofrontal cortex: Meta-analysis and comparison to non-human primates
Quantifiable change in functional brain response to empathic and forgivability judgments with resolution of posttraumatic stress disorder.
Learning by doing versus learning by thinking: An fMRI study of motor and mental training.
White matter abnormalities in autism detected through transverse relaxation time imaging
Parametric modulation of cortical activation during smooth pursuit with and without target blanking. an fMRI study.
Trauma modulates amygdala and medial prefrontal responses to consciously attended fear.
Variants of uncertainty in decision-making and their neural correlates
An fMRI study of Chinese character reading and picture naming by native Korean speakers.
MRI and fMRI analysis of oculomotor function.
The neural basis of human dance.
Brain networks involved in viewing angry hands or faces.
Age-related functional recruitment for famous name recognition: an event-related fMRI study.
Activation of brain regions vulnerable to Alzheimer's disease: the effect of mild cognitive impairment.
Neural mechanism for judging the appropriateness of facial affect.
Interleaved silent steady state (ISSS) imaging: a new sparse imaging method applied to auditory fMRI.
Rostral and dorsal anterior cingulate cortex make dissociable contributions during antisaccade error commission.
Possible structural abnormality of the brainstem in unipolar depressive illness: a transcranial ultrasound and diffusion tensor magnetic resonance imaging study.
Effects of ketamine on prefrontal and striatal regions in an overt verbal fluency task: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Segregated neural representation of distinct emotion dimensions in the prefrontal cortex-an fMRI study.
Right anterior superior temporal activation predicts auditory sentence comprehension following aphasic stroke.
Parallel networks operating across attentional deployment and motion processing: a multi-seed partial least squares fMRI study.
The development of sustained and transient neural activity.
fMRI responses to pictures of mutilation and contamination.
On why the elderly have normal semantic retrieval but deficient episodic encoding: A study of left inferior frontal ERP activity
Impact of language proficiency and orthographic transparency on bilingual word reading: an fMRI investigation.
Double dissociation in neural correlates of visual working memory: A PET study
Neuroimaging studies of practice-related change: fMRI and meta-analytic evidence of a domain-general control network for learning
Action selectivity in parietal and temporal cortex.
Brain electrical tomography (BET) analysis of induced gamma band responses during a simple object recognition task.
A functional MRI study of preparatory signals for spatial location and objects.
The role of the right hemisphere in processing nonsalient metaphorical meanings: application of principal components analysis to fMRI data.
Prefrontal abnormalities in patients with simple schizophrenia: Structural and functional brain-imaging studies in five cases
Attentional shifts towards an expected visual target alter the level of alpha-band oscillatory activity in the human calcarine cortex.
Neuronal chronometry of target detection: fusion of hemodynamic and event-related potential data.
Dissociation between melodic and rhythmic processing during piano performance from musical scores.
The selection of intended actions and the observation of others' actions: a time-resolved fMRI study.
Contingency awareness in human aversive conditioning involves the middle frontal gyrus.
Neural substrates for verbal working memory in deaf signers: fMRI study and lesion case report.
Brain motor system function after chronic, complete spinal cord injury.
Orbitofrontal cortex activity related to emotional processing changes across the menstrual cycle.
Neural correlates of regulating negative emotions related to moral violations.
Association of neural and physiological responses during voluntary emotion suppression.
Reduced brain functional reserve and altered functional connectivity in patients with multiple sclerosis.
The structural brain correlates of neurological soft signs in healthy individuals.
Mapping of temporal and parietal cortex in progressive nonfluent aphasia and Alzheimer's disease using chemical shift imaging, voxel-based morphometry and positron emission tomography
Neural representations of two-digit numbers: a parametric fMRI study.
Human brain structures related to plantar vibrotactile stimulation: A functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Differential components of sentence comprehension: beyond single word reading and memory.
Tracking the subprocesses of decision-based action in the human frontal lobes.
Cortical abnormalities in bipolar disorder investigated with MRI and voxel-based morphometry
Amygdala activation when one is the target of deceit: did he lie to you or to someone else?
Evidence for developmental changes in the visual word processing network beyond adolescence.
Ecphory of autobiographical memories: an fMRI study of recent and remote memory retrieval.
Cross-modal plasticity in deaf subjects dependent on the extent of hearing loss
Arithmetic ability and parietal alterations: a diffusion tensor imaging study in velocardiofacial syndrome.
fMRI resting state networks define distinct modes of long-distance interactions in the human brain.
Putaminal gray matter volume decrease in panic disorder: an optimized voxel-based morphometry study.
Distinct and overlapping fMRI activation networks for processing of novel identities and locations of objects.
Compensatory recruitment after sleep deprivation and the relationship with performance.
Selective and interactive neural correlates of visual dimension changes and response changes.
Single subject pharmacological-MRI (phMRI) study: Modulation of brain activity of psoriatic arthritis pain by cyclooxygenase-2 inhibitor
Dissociating reading processes on the basis of neuronal interactions.
Negative myoclonus induced by cortical electrical stimulation in epileptic patients.
Developmental changes in the neural correlates of semantic processing.
Dissociable networks for the expectancy and perception of emotional stimuli in the human brain.
Cerebral pathways in processing of affective prosody: a dynamic causal modeling study.
Dissociable roles of the bilateral anterior temporal lobe in face-name associations: an event-related fMRI study.
fMRI activity in the medial temporal lobe during famous face processing.
Personality predicts activity in reward and emotional regions associated with humor.
Sex differences in brain activation elicited by humor
Impact of alertness training on spatial neglect: A behavioural and fMRI study
Silent event-related fMRI reveals deficient motor and enhanced somatosensory activation in orofacial dystonia.
Voice recognition and cross-modal responses to familiar speakers' voices in prosopagnosia.
Brain processing of the signals ascending through unmyelinated C fibers in humans: an event-related functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Structural brain changes in tinnitus.
Hemispheric specialization for processing auditory nonspeech stimuli.
Activation in visual cortex correlates with the awareness of stereoscopic depth.
Touching a rubber hand: feeling of body ownership is associated with activity in multisensory brain areas.
Vowel sound extraction in anterior superior temporal cortex.
Identifying human parieto-insular vestibular cortex using fMRI and cytoarchitectonic mapping.
Neural bases of categorization of simple speech and nonspeech sounds.
Amygdala-prefrontal dissociation of subliminal and supraliminal fear.
Blood oxygenation level dependent contrast resting state networks are relevant to functional activity in the neocortical sensorimotor system.
Comparable fMRI activity with differential behavioural performance on mental rotation and overt verbal fluency tasks in healthy men and women.
Human attachment security is mediated by the amygdala: evidence from combined fMRI and psychophysiological measures.
Comparison of regional cerebral blood flow in patients with anorexia nervosa before and after weight gain
Individual differences in extraversion and dopamine genetics predict neural reward responses.
Cortical representation of experimental tooth pain in humans.
Spatial maps in frontal and prefrontal cortex.
The neural basis of temporal auditory discrimination.
The neural correlates of direct and reflected self-knowledge
Left mediotemporal structures mediate the retrieval of episodic autobiographical mental images.
An fMRI investigation of the neural correlates underlying the processing of novel metaphoric expressions.
Effect of worry on regional cerebral blood flow in nonanxious subjects
Specific activation of the V5 brain area by auditory motion processing: an fMRI study.
Hippocampal and neocortical activation during repetitive encoding in older persons.
Functional MRI of conventional and anomalous metaphors in Mandarin Chinese.
Brain activation during the course of sentence comprehension.
Cortical activation in the processing of passive sentences in L1 and L2: an fMRI study.
Brain correlates of negative and positive visuospatial priming in adults.
Declarative memory impairments in Alzheimer's disease and semantic dementia.
Identification of degenerate neuronal systems based on intersubject variability.
Hippocampal formation involvement in a language-activation task in patients with mesial temporal lobe epilepsy.
Cortical correlates of face and scene inversion: a comparison.
Individual differences in brain activity during visuo-spatial processing assessed by slow cortical potentials and LORETA.
Understanding metamemory: neural correlates of the cognitive process and subjective level of confidence in recognition memory.
Neural correlates of the spontaneous phase transition during bimanual coordination.
Spatial attention: more than intrinsic alerting?
Visuo-motor pathways in humans revealed by event-related fMRI.
Retinal abnormalities in human albinism translate into a reduction of grey matter in the occipital cortex.
The modulatory effects of nicotine on parietal cortex activity in a cued target detection task depend on cue reliability.
The role of the left Brodmann's areas 44 and 45 in reading words and pseudowords
Blunted activation in orbitofrontal cortex during mania: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Event related fMRI studies of voluntary and inhibited eye blinking using a time marker of EOG.
Attentional modulation of emotional stimulus processing: an fMRI study using emotional expectancy.
Genetically predisposed offspring with schizotypal features: An ultra high-risk group for schizophrenia?
Anterior cingulate activity modulates nonlinear decision weight function of uncertain prospects.
Neuromagnetic correlates of visual motion coherence.
The functional neuroanatomy of classic delayed response tasks in humans and the limitations of cross-method convergence in prefrontal function
Neural correlates of spatial working memory in humans: A functional magnetic resonance imaging study comparing visual and tactile processes
General and specific contributions of the medial prefrontal cortex to knowledge about mental states.
Neural substrates of manipulation in visuospatial working memory
Task difficulty in a simultaneous face matching task modulates activity in face fusiform area.
Sex-related differences in amygdala functional connectivity during resting conditions
Self-appraisal decisions evoke dissociated dorsal-ventral aMPFC networks.
The association between the Val158Met polymorphism of the catechol-O-methyl transferase gene and morphological abnormalities of the brain in chronic schizophrenia.
Emotional and autonomic consequences of spinal cord injury explored using functional brain imaging.
Orbitofrontal cortex involvement in chronic analgesic-overuse headache evolving from episodic migraine.
On the neural basis of focused and divided attention
Anterior and superior lateral occipito-temporal cortex responsible for target motion prediction during overt and covert visual pursuit
Do visual perspective tasks need theory of mind?
The role of 'shared representations' in social perception and empathy: an fMRI study.
Two cortical systems for reaching in central and peripheral vision.
Neural underpinning of postural responses to visual field motion.
Motor memory consolidation in sleep shapes more effective neuronal representations.
Neural mechanisms underlying probabilistic category learning in normal aging.
Oxytocin modulates neural circuitry for social cognition and fear in humans.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation effects on brain function and cognition among elders with memory dysfunction. A randomized sham-controlled study.
Brain activation and hypothalamic functional connectivity during human non-rapid eye movement sleep: an EEG/fMRI study.
A method for multitask fMRI data fusion applied to schizophrenia.
Using fMRI to dissociate sensory encoding from cognitive evaluation of heat pain intensity.
Mapping the parietal cortex of human and non-human primates.
Effect of neurofeedback training on the neural substrates of selective attention in children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Controlling for individual differences in fMRI brain activation to tones, syllables, and words.
Semantic relevance explains category effects in medial fusiform gyri.
Control over brain activation and pain learned by using real-time functional MRI.
Trial-by-trial coupling of concurrent electroencephalogram and functional magnetic resonance imaging identifies the dynamics of performance monitoring.
The Cerebral Response During Subjective Choice With and Without Self-Reference
fMRI evidence for individual differences in premotor modulation of extrastriatal visual-perceptual processing of redundant targets.
The specificity of cortical region KO to depth structure.
Preserved responsiveness of secondary somatosensory cortex in patients with thalamic stroke.
Evidence for the importance of basal ganglia output nuclei in semantic event sequencing: an fMRI study.
Evidence for a direct association between cortical atrophy and cognitive impairment in relapsing-remitting MS.
Unpleasant odors increase pain processing in a patient with neuropathic pain: psychophysical and fMRI investigation.
fMRI in an oddball task: effects of target-to-target interval.
Neural correlates of individual differences in pain-related fear and anxiety.
Mechanisms of placebo analgesia: rACC recruitment of a subcortical antinociceptive network.
Effector-independent voluntary timing: behavioural and neuroimaging evidence.
A PET activation study of brush-evoked allodynia in patients with nerve injury pain.
Beyond threat: amygdala reactivity across multiple expressions of facial affect.
Prefrontal and temporal gray matter density decreases in opiate dependence.
Gray matter density reduction in the insula in fire survivors with posttraumatic stress disorder: a voxel-based morphometric study.
Affective judgment and beneficial decision making: ventromedial prefrontal activity correlates with performance in the Iowa Gambling Task.
Dynamics of frontal, striatal, and hippocampal systems during rule learning.
Short- and long-term changes in anterior cingulate activation during resolution of task-set competition.
Increased medial temporal lobe activation during the passive viewing of emotional and neutral facial expressions in schizophrenia.
Temporal information processing in ADHD: findings to date and new methods.
Shared networks for auditory and motor processing in professional pianists: evidence from fMRI conjunction.
Self-initiated movements in chronic prefrontal traumatic brain injury: an event-related functional MRI study.
Hemodynamic and electrophysiological relationship involved in human face processing: evidence from a combined fMRI-ERP study.
Paracingulate sulcus morphology and fMRI activation detection in schizophrenia patients.
The role of the amygdala and rostral anterior cingulate in encoding expected outcomes during learning.
The neural networks underlying endogenous auditory covert orienting and reorienting.
Taylor-type focal cortical dysplasia in infants: some MRI lesions almost disappear with maturation of myelination.
Novel fearful faces activate the amygdala in healthy young and elderly adults.
Cerebral changes during performance of overlearned arbitrary visuomotor associations.
Imaging response inhibition in a stop-signal task: neural correlates independent of signal monitoring and post-response processing.
Listening in silence activates auditory areas: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Isolating rule- versus evidence-based prefrontal activity during episodic and lexical discrimination: a functional magnetic resonance imaging investigation of detection theory distinctions.
Role of prefrontal and anterior cingulate regions in decision-making processes shared by memory and nonmemory tasks.
Diffusion tensor imaging reveals white matter reorganization in early blind humans.
Not all false memories are created equal: the neural basis of false recognition.
Goal-selection and movement-related conflict during bimanual reaching movements.
Processing linguistic complexity and grammaticality in the left frontal cortex.
Common deactivation patterns during working memory and visual attention tasks: an intra-subject fMRI study at 4 Tesla.
Distributed BOLD-response in association cortex vector state space predicts reaction time during selective attention.
Neural circuits involved in imitation and perspective-taking.
Increased water diffusivity in the frontal and temporal cortices of schizophrenic patients.
Thirsty heroin addicts show different fMRI activations when exposed to water-related and drug-related cues.
Similar brain networks for detecting visuo-motor and visuo-proprioceptive synchrony.
Prototype-distortion category learning: a two-phase learning process across a distributed network.
The neural correlates of declining performance with age: evidence for age-related changes in cognitive control.
Brain activity associated with expectancy-enhanced placebo analgesia as measured by functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Parietal cortex mediates voluntary control of spatial and nonspatial auditory attention.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation of frontal oculomotor regions during smooth pursuit.
The activation of the cortical hand area by toe tapping in two bilateral upper-extremities amputees with extraordinary foot movement skill
Reduced hippocampal activation during episodic encoding in middle-aged individuals at genetic risk of Alzheimer's Disease: a cross-sectional study
Pre-target activity in visual cortex predicts behavioral performance on spatial and feature attention tasks
Connectivity among semantic associates: an fMRI study of semantic priming.
Risperidone in first-episode psychosis: A longitudinal, exploratory voxel-based morphometric study
Category-specific effects in semantic memory: category-task interactions suggested by fMRI.
How specifically do we learn? Imaging the learning of multiplication and subtraction.
Meta-analyzing left hemisphere language areas: phonology, semantics, and sentence processing.
Distraction-spanning sustained activity during delayed recognition of locations.
Neural substrates of cross-modal olfactory recognition memory: an fMRI study.
Using fMRI to decompose the neural processes underlying the Wisconsin Card Sorting Test.
Neural correlates of social and nonsocial emotions: An fMRI study.
Effect of language switching on arithmetic: a bilingual FMRI study.
Sensitivity to effective relational complexity in the occipitoparietal lobe
The neural basis of implicit moral attitude--an IAT study using event-related fMRI.
Brain activity during visuomotor behavior triggered by arbitrary and spatially constrained cues: an fMRI study in humans.
Serotonergic modulation of neuronal responses to behavioural inhibition and reinforcing stimuli: an fMRI study in healthy volunteers.
Motor system activation after subcortical stroke depends on corticospinal system integrity.
Neuroanatomical dissociation of encoding processes related to priming and explicit memory.
Mental chronometry of working memory retrieval: a combined functional magnetic resonance imaging and event-related potentials approach.
The role of semantics and grammatical class in the neural representation of words.
Effects of healthy aging on hippocampal and rhinal memory functions: an event-related fMRI study.
A developmental fMRI study of self-regulatory control.
Using perfusion fMRI to measure continuous changes in neural activity with learning.
Event-related fMRI of category learning: differences in classification and feedback networks.
Alterations in cerebral perfusion in posttraumatic stress disorder patients without re-exposure to accident-related stimuli
Specialization of phonological and semantic processing in Chinese word reading.
Syntax production in bilinguals.
Distinct forebrain activity patterns during deep versus superficial pain.
Functional imaging of working memory following normal sleep and after 24 and 35 h of sleep deprivation: Correlations of fronto-parietal activation with performance.
Native and non-native reading of sentences: An fMRI experiment
Continuous ASL perfusion fMRI investigation of higher cognition: quantification of tonic CBF changes during sustained attention and working memory tasks.
Cortical signatures of noun and verb production.
Bias in magnitude estimation following left hemisphere injury.
Verbal paired-associate learning by APOE genotype in non-demented older adults: fMRI evidence of a right hemispheric compensatory response.
A right hemispheric prefrontal system for cognitive time measurement
Mechanisms of central neuropathic pain: a combined psychophysical and fMRI study in syringomyelia.
Goal representation in human anterior intraparietal sulcus.
Prefrontal set activity predicts rule-specific neural processing during subsequent cognitive performance.
Neural correlates of rule-based and information-integration visual category learning.
Fractionating attentional control using event-related fMRI.
Brain mapping of deception and truth telling about an ecologically valid situation: functional MR imaging and polygraph investigation--initial experience.
Intuitive interference in quantitative reasoning.
Auditory motion perception activates visual motion areas in early blind subjects.
Cerebral processing of food-related stimuli: Effects of fasting and gender
Racial distinction of the unknown facial identity recognition mechanism by event-related fMRI.
Gray matter abnormalities associated with duration of untreated psychosis
The dopaminergic midbrain participates in human episodic memory formation: evidence from genetic imaging.
Between-task competition and cognitive control in task switching.
A behavioural and functional neuroimaging investigation into the effects of nicotine on sensorimotor gating in healthy subjects and persons with schizophrenia.
Cortical inefficiency in patients with unipolar depression: an event-related FMRI study with the Stroop task.
Basal Ganglia-Thalamocortical Circuitry Disruptions in Schizophrenia During Delayed Response Tasks
A functional magnetic resonance imaging study of the effects of pergolide, a dopamine receptor agonist, on component processes of working memory
The emotional power of music: how music enhances the feeling of affective pictures.
Monozygotic twins with Asperger syndrome: differences in behaviour reflect variations in brain structure and function.
Restored speech comprehension linked to activity in left inferior prefrontal and right temporal cortices in postlingual deafness
Acute opioid effects on human brain as revealed by functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Evaluation of the Effect of Training Using Auditory Stimulation on Rhythmic Movement in Parkinsonian Patients—a Combined Motor and [18F]-FDG PET Study
Functional imaging as a predictor of schizophrenia.
Antidepressant drug treatment modifies the neural processing of nonconscious threat cues.
Neural responses to emotional stimuli are associated with childhood family stress.
Prosodic processing by children: an fMRI study.
fMRI of parents of children with Asperger Syndrome: A pilot study
Somatosensory cortical plasticity in carpal tunnel syndrome—a cross-sectional fMRI evaluation
Neural correlates of counting of sequential sensory and motor events in the human brain.
Bilingual brain organization: a functional magnetic resonance adaptation study.
The brain differentiates human and non-human grammars: functional localization and structural connectivity.
Subcortical reorganization in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Auditory change detection in schizophrenia: sources of activity, related neuropsychological function and symptoms in patients with a first episode in adolescence, and patients 14 years after an adolescent illness-onset
Functional network of the basal ganglia and cerebellar motor loops in vivo: Different activation patterns between self-initiated and externally triggered movements
Information processing in human parieto-frontal circuits during goal-directed bimanual movements.
Cortical reorganization during PASAT task in MS patients with preserved working memory functions.
Effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation applied over the premotor cortex on somatosensory-evoked potentials and regional cerebral blood flow
Network modulation by the subthalamic nucleus in the treatment of Parkinson’s disease
Training-induced functional activation changes in dual-task processing: an FMRI study.
Structural MRI covariance patterns associated with normal aging and neuropsychological functioning.
A portable and low-cost fMRI compatible pneumatic system for the investigation of the somatosensensory system in clinical and research environments.
The neural basis of motor sequencing: an fMRI study of healthy subjects.
Brain mechanisms of expectation associated with insula and amygdala response to aversive taste: Implications for placebo
Prefrontal activity during taste encoding: an fNIRS study.
Differential patterns of multisensory interactions in core and belt areas of human auditory cortex.
Changes in hippocampal connectivity in the early stages of Alzheimer's disease: evidence from resting state fMRI.
Interactions between ego- and allocentric neuronal representations of space.
Dissociable parietal systems for primacy and subsequent memory effects
Visual motion and the neural correlates of event perception.
Brain activation during semantic processing in autism spectrum disorders via functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Effects of prenatal marijuana on visuospatial working memory: An fMRI study in young adults
Coherent corticomuscular oscillations originate from primary motor cortex: evidence from patients with early brain lesions.
An event-related fMRI study of the neural networks underlying repetition suppression and reaction time priming in implicit visual memory.
Age-related differences in response regulation as revealed by functional MRI.
The dynamics of hippocampal activation during encoding of overlapping sequences.
Task and Content Modulate Amygdala-Hippocampal Connectivity in Emotional Retrieval
Cortical mechanisms of person representation: recognition of famous and personally familiar names.
The role of the supplementary motor area (SMA) in word production.
Differences in cerebral activation patterns in idiopathic inflammatory demyelination using the paced visual serial addition task: An fMRI study
fMRI correlates of retrieval orientation.
Neural basis of irony comprehension in children with autism: the role of prosody and context
Brain systems mediating cognitive interference by emotional distraction.
Prediction error as a linear function of reward probability is coded in human nucleus accumbens.
Neural systems for orienting attention to the location of threat signals: an event-related fMRI study.
A reversal of the normal pattern of parahippocampal response to neutral and fearful faces is associated with reality distortion in schizophrenia.
Touch activates human auditory cortex.
Facial expressions and complex IAPS pictures: common and differential networks.
Higher blood pressure predicts lower regional grey matter volume: Consequences on short-term information processing.
A Rapid fMRI Task Battery for Mapping of Visual, Motor, Cognitive and Emotional Function
Activation of insular cortex and subcortical regions related to feedback stimuli in a time estimation task: an fMRI study.
Neural mechanisms of advance preparation in task switching.
Affective response to one's own moral violations.
Implicit emotion during recollection of past events: a nonverbal fMRI study.
Attentional modulation of the amygdala varies with personality
fMRI of Past Tense Processing: The Effects of Phonological Complexity and Task Difficulty
The compassionate brain: humans detect intensity of pain from another's face.
Functional magnetic resonance imaging study of regional brain activation during implicit sequence learning in obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Neural activation during successful and unsuccessful verbal learning in schizophrenia.
Lateralized and frequency-dependent effects of prefrontal rTMS on regional cerebral blood flow
Gray and white matter density changes in monozygotic and same-sex dizygotic twins discordant for schizophrenia using voxel-based morphometry
Task-induced deactivations during successful paired associates learning: an effect of age but not Alzheimer's disease.
Temporal and extratemporal BOLD responses to temporal lobe interictal spikes.
Thalamic atrophy in childhood absence epilepsy.
A functional magnetic resonance imaging study of working memory abnormalities in schizophrenia.
Reduced responsiveness is an essential feature of chronic fatigue syndrome: A fMRI study
Parietal updating of limb posture: An event-related fMRI study
Locating the initial stages of speech-sound processing in human temporal cortex.
Neural signatures of economic preferences for risk and ambiguity.
An event-related fMRI study of self-paced alphabetically ordered writing of single letters.
Amygdala activation during masked presentation of emotional faces predicts conscious detection of threat-related faces.
Altered resting-state functional connectivity patterns of anterior cingulate cortex in adolescents with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.
Amygdala activity is associated with the successful encoding of item, but not source, information for positive and negative stimuli.
White Matter Changes Compromise Prefrontal Cortex Function in Healthy Elderly Individuals
Differential components of prospective memory? Evidence from fMRI.
The neural implementation of multi-attribute decision making: a parametric fMRI study with human subjects.
Acute tryptophan depletion reduces activation in the right hippocampus during encoding in an episodic memory task.
Distributed brain sites for the g-factor of intelligence.
Brain activation during sight gags and language-dependent humor.
Spatially selective representations of voluntary and stimulus-driven attentional priority in human occipital, parietal, and frontal cortex.
Selective attention to sound location or pitch studied with fMRI.
Prefrontal cortex hemispheric specialization for categorical and coordinate visual spatial memory.
It don't mean a thing... Keeping the rhythm during polyrhythmic tension, activates language areas (BA47).
Brain activation patterns during memory of cognitive agency.
Two different reorganization patterns after rehabilitative therapy: an exploratory study with fMRI and TMS.
Hypocapnia related changes in pain-induced brain activation as measured by functional MRI.
Flexible cognitive control: effects of individual differences and brief practice on a complex cognitive task.
Decrease of thalamic gray matter following limb amputation.
Functional connectivity of the fusiform gyrus during a face-matching task in subjects with mild cognitive impairment.
Neural correlates of tic generation in Tourette syndrome: an event-related functional MRI study.
Long-term effects of frequent cannabis use on working memory and attention: an fMRI study.
Dissociating arbitrary stimulus-response mapping from movement planning during preparatory period: evidence from event-related functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Local morphology predicts functional organization of the dorsal premotor region in the human brain.
FMRI study of emotional speech comprehension.
Precuneus is involved in allocentric spatial location encoding and recognition.
The effects of escitalopram on working memory and brain activity in healthy adults during performance of the n-back task.
Encoding uncertainty in the hippocampus
Alcohol-induced suppression of BOLD activity during goal-directed visuomotor performance.
Persistent EEG overactivation in the cortical pain matrix of neurogenic pain patients
Personality factors correlate with regional cerebral perfusion.
Language lateralization in unmedicated patients during an acute episode of schizophrenia: a functional MRI study.
Phonetic processing areas revealed by sinewave speech and acoustically similar non-speech.
Building a motor simulation de novo: observation of dance by dancers.
Mild cognitive impairment (MCI) and actual retrieval performance affect cerebral activation in the elderly.
Cerebral activation related to implicit sequence learning in a Double Serial Reaction Time task.
Discrete and analogue quantity processing in the parietal lobe: a functional MRI study.
Reduced functional brain activity response in cognitively intact apolipoprotein E epsilon4 carriers.
From preparation to online control: reappraisal of neural circuitry mediating internally generated and externally guided actions.
Learning functional structure from fMR images.
Functional MRI evidence for disparate developmental processes underlying intelligence in boys and girls
Human brain mechanisms for the early analysis of voices.
Lateralization of the human mirror neuron system.
Patterns of fMRI activity dissociate overlapping functional brain areas that respond to biological motion.
Orienting attention based on long-term memory experience.
Neural circuits subserving the retrieval of stems and grammatical features in regular and irregular verbs.
Language lateralization and the role of the fusiform gyrus in semantic processing in young children.
Brain abnormalities in human obesity: A voxel-based morphometric study
Song and speech: brain regions involved with perception and covert production.
Top-down influences on lexical selection during spoken word production: A 4T fMRI investigation of refractory effects in picture naming.
Changing channels: an fMRI study of aging and cross-modal attention shifts.
Brain regions underlying response inhibition and interference monitoring and suppression.
Secondary somatosensory cortex is important for the sensory-discriminative dimension of pain: a functional MRI study.
Sound alters activity in human V1 in association with illusory visual perception.
Differential hippocampal and prefrontal-striatal contributions to instance-based and rule-based learning.
Increased sensitivity in mapping task demand in visuospatial processing using reaction-time-dependent hemodynamic response predictors in rapid event-related fMRI.
Two approaches to repetition suppression.
Functional segregation of cortical language areas by sentence repetition.
Exploring predictive and reproducible modeling with the single-subject FIAC dataset.
Applying FSL to the FIAC data: model-based and model-free analysis of voice and sentence repetition priming.
Determining hierarchical functional networks from auditory stimuli fMRI.
Inference for magnitudes and delays of responses in the FIAC data using BRAINSTAT/FMRISTAT.
Functional magnetic resonance imaging studies of eye movements in first episode schizophrenia: smooth pursuit, visually guided saccades and the oculomotor delayed response task.
Neural activity of inferences during story comprehension.
Polysyllabic pseudo-word processing in reading and lexical decision: converging evidence from behavioral data, connectionist simulations and functional MRI.
Neural correlates of developmental differences in risk estimation and feedback processing.
Voluntary pelvic floor muscle control--an fMRI study.
Developmental and skill effects on the neural correlates of semantic processing to visually presented words.
Histological and magnetic resonance imaging assessment of cortical layering and thickness in autism spectrum disorders.
Temporal pattern of source activities evoked by different types of motion onset stimuli.
Effect of unpleasant loud noise on hippocampal activities during picture encoding: an fMRI study.
Thoughts, behaviour, and brain dynamics during navigation in the real world.
Marijuana use is associated with a reorganized visual-attention network and cerebellar hypoactivation.
Combined permutation test and mixed-effect model for group average analysis in fMRI.
Analysis of functional image analysis contest (FIAC) data with brainvoyager QX: From single-subject to cortically aligned group general linear model analysis and self-organizing group independent comp
Isolated numerical skills in posterior cortical atrophy--an fMRI study.
Somatic sensation of hand-object interactive movement is associated with activity in the left inferior parietal cortex.
Increased amygdala activity during successful memory encoding in adolescent major depressive disorder: An FMRI study.
Striatal dysfunction in schizophrenia and unaffected relatives.
Brain structure predicts the learning of foreign speech sounds.
There are differences in cerebral activation between females in distinct menstrual phases during viewing of erotic stimuli: A fMRI study.
Medial frontal cortex activity and loss-related responses to errors.
Persistent dysfunctional frontal lobe activation in former smokers.
Human SII and posterior insula differently encode thermal laser stimuli.
Probability effects in the stop-signal paradigm: the insula and the significance of failed inhibition.
Neural substrates for dividing and focusing attention between simultaneous auditory and visual events.
Frontoparietal activation during delayed visuospatial recall in patients with epilepsy due to hippocampal sclerosis
Neural dysfunction and violence in schizophrenia: An fMRI investigation
Attention does not modulate neural responses to social stimuli in autism spectrum disorders
The neural mechanism associated with the processing of onomatopoeic sounds.
Activity and effective connectivity of parietal and occipital cortical regions during haptic shape perception.
Utilizing the ventriloquism-effect to investigate audio-visual binding.
Evidence for a dysfunction of left posterior reading areas in German dyslexic readers.
Tight covariation of BOLD signal changes and slow ERPs in the parietal cortex in a parametric spatial imagery task with haptic acquisition.
Variations in the human cannabinoid receptor (CNR1) gene modulate striatal responses to happy faces.
Transfer of interfered motor patterns to self from others.
A visual joke fMRI investigation into Theory of Mind and enhanced risk of schizophrenia.
Effect of task difficulty on the functional anatomy of temporal processing.
Cognitive priming in sung and instrumental music: activation of inferior frontal cortex.
Finger motion sensors for fMRI motor studies.
Dissociable contributions of the mid-ventrolateral frontal cortex and the medial temporal lobe system to human memory.
Maturation of luminance- and motion-defined form perception beyond adolescence: a combined ERP and fMRI study.
EEG-fMRI of idiopathic and secondarily generalized epilepsies.
Amygdala and ventromedial prefrontal cortex are inversely coupled during regulation of negative affect and predict the diurnal pattern of cortisol secretion among older adults.
Increased brain activation during verbal learning in obstructive sleep apnea.
Evidence of altered prefrontal-thalamic circuitry in schizophrenia: an optimized diffusion MRI study.
An fMRI study of the neural correlates of graded visual perception
Toward brain correlates of natural behavior: fMRI during violent video games.
Effect of word and syllable frequency on activation during lexical decision and reading aloud.
Functional correlates of verbal memory deficits emerging during nicotine withdrawal in abstinent adolescent cannabis users.
Eye closure in darkness animates olfactory and gustatory cortical areas.
Clustered functional MRI of overt speech production.
Cerebral activation during thermal stimulation of patients who have burning mouth disorder: an fMRI study.
Altered brain activation in dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in adolescents and young adults at genetic risk for schizophrenia: an fMRI study of working memory.
Hemispheric asymmetries in language-related pathways: a combined functional MRI and tractography study.
Distinct neural mechanisms of risk and ambiguity: A meta-analysis of decision-making
Brainstem and cerebellar fMRI-activation during horizontal and vertical optokinetic stimulation.
Widespread sensorimotor and frontal cortical atrophy in Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
Pattern of Increased Cerebral FDG Uptake in Down Syndrome Patients
Dynamics of language reorganization after stroke.
Processing the spatial configuration of complex actions involves right posterior parietal cortex: An fMRI study with clinical implications.
Late acquisition of literacy in a native language.
Content- and task-specific dissociations of frontal activity during maintenance and manipulation in visual working memory.
Neural networks of response shifting: influence of task speed and stimulus material.
Effects of estrogen variation on neural correlates of emotional response inhibition.
The neural correlates of cross-modal interaction in speech perception during a semantic decision task on sentences: a PET study.
Processing the acoustic effect of size in speech sounds
Language experience shapes fusiform activation when processing a logographic artificial language: An fMRI training study
Reduced thalamic and cerebellar rest metabolism in relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis, a positron emission tomography study: correlations to lesion load.
The impact of affect and frequency on lexical decision: the role of the amygdala and inferior frontal cortex.
Subcortical motor plasticity in patients with sporadic ALS: An fMRI study
Attention to form or surface properties modulates different regions of human occipitotemporal cortex.
The timing of perceptual decisions for ambiguous face stimuli in the human ventral visual cortex.
Intracortically distributed neurovascular coupling relationships within and between human somatosensory cortices.
Neural processes underlying memory attribution on a reality-monitoring task.
Neural foundations for understanding social and mechanical concepts.
Acute tryptophan depletion improves performance and modulates the BOLD response during a Stroop task in healthy females.
Time-resolved fMRI of mental rotation revisited--dissociating visual perception from mental rotation in female subjects.
Individual differences in the functional neuroanatomy of inhibitory control.
Reading cinnamon activates olfactory brain regions.
Dissociation of neural responses and skin conductance reactions during fear conditioning with and without awareness of stimulus contingencies.
Probabilistic diffusion tractography: a potential tool to assess the rate of disease progression in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
The anterior cingulate and error avoidance.
Perceptual knowledge retrieval activates sensory brain regions.
The left parietal cortex and motor intention: An event-related functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Progressive grey matter atrophy over the first 2-3 years of illness in first-episode schizophrenia: a tensor-based morphometry study.
Comparison of two Simon tasks: neuronal correlates of conflict resolution based on coherent motion perception.
The effect of transient increase in oxygen level on brain activation and verbal performance.
An fMRI study of cerebral processing of brush-evoked allodynia in neuropathic pain patients.
The neural basis of social tactics: An fMRI study.
Conscious Awareness of Flicker in Humans Involves Frontal and Parietal Cortex
Progressive increase of frontostriatal brain activation from childhood to adulthood during event-related tasks of cognitive control.
Voxel-based morphometry reveals excess gray matter concentration in patients with focal cortical dysplasia.
Spontaneous mentalizing during an interactive real world task: an fMRI study.
Neural correlates of serial abacus mental calculation in children: A functional MRI study
Long-term measures of free testosterone predict regional cerebral blood flow patterns in elderly men.
Extrinsic and intrinsic systems in the posterior cortex of the human brain revealed during natural sensory stimulation.
Similar frontal and distinct posterior cortical regions mediate visual and auditory perceptual awareness.
Neural correlates of processing valence and arousal in affective words.
Dissociable medial prefrontal contributions to judgments of similar and dissimilar others.
Category-specific organization of prefrontal response-facilitation during priming.
The left intraparietal sulcus and verbal short-term memory: focus of attention or serial order?
Non-invasive mapping of corticofugal fibres from multiple motor areas--relevance to stroke recovery.
ERP and fMRI correlates of endogenous and exogenous focusing of visual-spatial attention.
Functional and effective connectivity in an fMRI study of an auditory-related task.
The neural mechanisms underlying the Muller-Lyer illusion and its interaction with visuospatial judgments.
A common prefrontal-parietal network for mnemonic and mathematical recoding strategies within working memory.
Dynamics of prefrontal and cingulate activity during a reward-based logical deduction task.
Symmetry of cortical folding abnormalities in Williams syndrome revealed by surface-based analyses.
Brain activation during input from mechanoinsensitive versus polymodal C-nociceptors.
The effect of acute tryptophan depletion on the BOLD response during performance monitoring and response inhibition in healthy male volunteers.
Activation in ventral prefrontal cortex is sensitive to genetic vulnerability for attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder.
Therapy-induced plasticity of cognitive functions in MS patients: Insights from fMRI
Gender differences in regional cerebral activity during the perception of emotion: a functional MRI study.
Mood Alters Amygdala Activation to Sad Distractors During an Attentional Task
Sex differences in mental rotation: Top–down versus bottom–up processing
Neuroanatomically separable effects of imageability and grammatical class during single-word comprehension.
Left posterior auditory-related cortices participate both in speech perception and speech production: Neural overlap revealed by fMRI.
Analysis of intersubject variability in activation: an application to the incidental episodic retrieval during recognition test.
Volitional control of attention and brain activation in dual task performance.
Dysfunction of ventral striatal reward prediction in schizophrenic patients treated with typical, not atypical, neuroleptics.
Bilingual and multilingual language processing
Representation of head-centric flow in the human motion complex.
Role of the left inferior frontal gyrus in covert word retrieval: neural correlates of switching during verbal fluency.
Neural correlates of morphological decomposition in a morphologically rich language: an fMRI study.
Hippocampal-prefrontal encoding activation predicts whether words can be successfully recalled or only recognized.
An fMRI investigation of syllable sequence production
A meta-analysis of structural brain abnormalities in PTSD.
BOLD correlates of EMG spectral density in cortical myoclonus: description of method and case report.
Timing of covert articulation: an fMRI study.
Differential cerebral activation during observation of expressive gestures and motor acts.
Dissociating response conflict from numerical magnitude processing in the brain: an event-related fMRI study.
A core system for the implementation of task sets.
Cortical activity at rest predicts cochlear implantation outcome.
Network analysis of single-subject fMRI during a finger opposition task.
Response preferences for “what” and “where” in human non-primary auditory cortex
Navigation ability dependent neural activation in the human brain: an fMRI study.
Role of the olivo-cerebellar system in timing.
The influence of Alzheimer disease family history and apolipoprotein E epsilon4 on mesial temporal lobe activation.
The role of multiple contralesional motor areas for complex hand movements after internal capsular lesion.
Learning in trance: Functional brain imaging studies and neuropsychology
Affective components and intensity of pain correlate with structural differences in gray matter in chronic back pain patients
fMRI correlates of cortical specialization and generalization for letter processing.
Frontopolar cortex mediates abstract integration in analogy.
The effect of temporal asynchrony on the multisensory integration of letters and speech sounds.
Cultural and linguistic influence on neural bases of 'Theory of Mind': an fMRI study with Japanese bilinguals.
Regional specificity of format-specific priming effects in mirror word reading using functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Diffusion indices on magnetic resonance imaging and neuropsychological performance in amnestic mild cognitive impairment.
Effects of aging on recognition of intentionally and incidentally stored words: an fMRI study.
Neuroanatomical dissociation between bottom-up and top-down processes of visuospatial selective attention.
Effects of expectation on the brain metabolic responses to methylphenidate and to its placebo in non-drug abusing subjects
Neural correlates of artificial syntactic structure classification.
Functional dominance of finger flexion over extension, expressed in left parietal activation.
Spontaneous retrieval of affective person knowledge in face perception.
Morphological basis for the spectrum of clinical deficits in spinocerebellar ataxia 17 (SCA17).
Evaluating the spatial relationship of event-related potential and functional MRI sources in the primary visual cortex.
Somatosensory cortical plasticity in carpal tunnel syndrome treated by acupuncture.
Electrophysiological and hemodynamic evidence for late maturation of hand power grip and force control under visual feedback.
Correlations of interictal FDG-PET metabolism and ictal SPECT perfusion changes in human temporal lobe epilepsy with hippocampal sclerosis.
Medial versus lateral frontal lobe contributions to voluntary saccade control as revealed by the study of patients with frontal lobe degeneration.
Motor experience with graspable objects reduces their implicit analysis in visual- and motor-related cortex.
Us versus them: Political attitudes and party affiliation influence neural response to faces of presidential candidates.
Dynamic monitoring of brain activation under visual stimulation using fMRI--the advantage of real-time fMRI with sliding window GLM analysis.
Neural correlates of crossmodal visual-tactile extinction and of tactile awareness revealed by fMRI in a right-hemisphere stroke patient.
The impact of semantic reference on word class: an fMRI study of action and object naming.
Individuals with schizophrenia present hypo- and hyperactivation during implicit cueing in an inhibitory task.
Effects of donepezil on cortical metabolic response to activation during (18)FDG-PET in Alzheimer's disease: a double-blind cross-over trial.
Dissociating stimulus-driven semantic and phonological effect during reading and naming.
Effect of syntactic similarity on cortical activation during second language processing: a comparison of English and Japanese among native Korean trilinguals.
Influence of body segment position during in-phase and antiphase hand and foot movements: a kinematic and functional MRI study.
Localizing the distributed language network responsible for the N400 measured by MEG during auditory sentence processing
Neural correlates of auditory recognition under full and divided attention in younger and older adults.
Linguistic prominence and Broca's area: the influence of animacy as a linearization principle.
Functional specializations in lateral prefrontal cortex associated with the integration and segregation of information in working memory.
Working Memory and Long-Term Memory for Faces: Evidence From fMRI and Global Amnesia for Involvement of the Medial Temporal Lobes
Broca's area and the hierarchical organization of human behavior.
Functional and anatomical cortical underconnectivity in autism: evidence from an FMRI study of an executive function task and corpus callosum morphometry.
Dissociation of automatic and strategic lexical-semantics: functional magnetic resonance imaging evidence for differing roles of multiple frontotemporal regions.
Interactions between auditory and dorsal premotor cortex during synchronization to musical rhythms.
Separate brain regions code for salience vs. valence during reward prediction in humans.
Spatiotemporal analysis of the cortical sources of the steady-state visual evoked potential.
Event-related functional magnetic resonance imaging measures of neural activity to positive social stimuli in pre- and post-treatment depression.
Top-down and bottom-up processes in speech comprehension.
Dynamics of visual recognition revealed by fMRI.
fMRI of fearful facial affect recognition in panic disorder: the cingulate gyrus-amygdala connection.
Neural substrates for forward and backward recitation of numbers and the alphabet: a close examination of the role of intraparietal sulcus and perisylvian areas.
Involvement of human left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in perceptual decision making is independent of response modality.
The predictive value of white matter organization in posterior parietal cortex for spatial visualization ability.
Bilateral basal ganglia activation associated with sensorimotor adaptation.
Discriminating imagined from perceived information engages brain areas implicated in schizophrenia.
Aging is associated with contrasting changes in local and distant cortical connectivity in the human motor system.
Imaging Correlates of Posterior Cortical Atrophy
Classification of adolescent psychotic disorders using linear discriminant analysis.
Electrical brain imaging reveals spatio-temporal dynamics of timbre perception in humans.
fMRI investigation of cortical and subcortical networks in the learning of abstract and effector-specific representations of motor sequences
Impaired self-awareness and theory of mind: an fMRI study of mentalizing in alexithymia.
Functional significance of age-related differences in motor activation patterns.
Brain activity related to working memory and distraction in children and adults.
The special involvement of the rostrolateral prefrontal cortex in planning abilities: an event-related fMRI study with the Tower of London paradigm.
Differential activation of the amygdala and the 'social brain' during fearful face-processing in Asperger Syndrome.
Repetition suppression and semantic enhancement: an investigation of the neural correlates of priming.
Do you hear what I hear? Neural correlates of thought disorder during listening to speech in schizophrenia.
Modifications of brain tissue volumes in facioscapulohumeral dystrophy
Gender differences in the neural correlates of response inhibition during a stop signal task.
Multiple brain networks for visual self-recognition with different sensitivity for motion and body part.
To modulate or not to modulate: differing results in uniquely shaped Williams syndrome brains.
Exploring the visual world: the neural substrate of spatial orienting.
White matter volume and concentration reductions in adolescents with history of very preterm birth: A voxel-based morphometry study
Associative memory encoding and recognition in schizophrenia: an event-related fMRI study.
Functional magnetic resonance imaging of internal source monitoring in schizophrenia: recognition with and without recollection.
Increased cognitive load during simple and complex motor tasks in acute stage after stroke.
Deficit in schizophrenia to recruit the striatum in implicit learning: a functional magnetic resonance imaging investigation.
Subjective feeling of appetite modulates brain activity: an fMRI study.
Separate modulations of human V1 associated with spatial attention and task structure.
Contribution of the corpus callosum to bilateral representation of the trunk midline in the human brain: an fMRI study of callosotomized patients.
The neural basis of interindividual variability in inhibitory efficiency after sleep deprivation.
On measuring the perceived onsets of spontaneous actions.
Effect of acute tryptophan depletion on pre-frontal engagement.
Partially enhanced thalamocortical functional connectivity in autism
Brain systems for assessing facial attractiveness.
Parallel memory systems for talking about location and age in precuneus, caudate and Broca's region
Exact and approximate judgements of visual and auditory numerosity: an fMRI study.
Distant metastases in head and neck carcinoma: Identification of prognostic groups with MR imaging
Men and women show distinct brain activations during imagery of sexual and emotional infidelity.
Sentence comprehension in autism: thinking in pictures with decreased functional connectivity.
Processing of autobiographical memory retrieval cues in borderline personality disorder.
Reduced activation to implicit affect induction in euthymic bipolar patients: an fMRI study.
Regional cerebral blood flow changes in depression after electroconvulsive therapy
The locus ceruleus is involved in the successful retrieval of emotional memories in humans.
Multisensory activation of the intraparietal area when classifying grating orientation: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Brain basis of developmental change in visuospatial working memory.
An fMRI Analysis of the Human Hippocampus: Inference, Context, and Task Awareness
Fear Recognition Ability Predicts Differences in Social Cognitive and Neural Functioning in Men
Improved methods for fMRI studies of combined taste and aroma stimuli.
Influence of the stress hormone cortisol on fear conditioning in humans: evidence for sex differences in the response of the prefrontal cortex.
Neural correlates of antisaccade deficits in schizophrenia, an fMRI study
An event-related fMRI investigation of phonological-lexical competition.
Neural correlates of verbal and nonverbal working memory deficits in individuals with schizophrenia and their high-risk siblings.
Temporal changes in neural activation during practice of information retrieval from short-term memory: an fMRI study.
Changes in white matter diffusion anisotropy in adolescents born prematurely
Network modulation in the treatment of Parkinson's disease
Anterograde and retrograde amnesia in a person with bilateral fornix lesions following removal of a colloid cyst.
Autonoetic consciousness in Alzheimer's disease: Neuropsychological and PET findings using an episodic learning and recognition task
Cortical effects of anticipation and endogenous modulation of visceral pain assessed by functional brain MRI in irritable bowel syndrome patients and healthy controls.
Cue validity modulates the neural correlates of covert endogenous orienting of attention in parietal and frontal cortex.
The basal ganglia are hyperactive during the discrimination of tactile stimuli in writer's cramp.
Inner experience of pain: imagination of pain while viewing images showing painful events forms subjective pain representation in human brain.
Cracking the Language Code: Neural Mechanisms Underlying Speech Parsing
On-line attentional selection from competing stimuli in opposite visual fields: effects on human visual cortex and control processes.
The COMT val158met polymorphism and brain morphometry in healthy young adults
Variability of the BOLD response over time: an examination of within-session differences.
Common modules for processing invalidly cued events in the human cortex.
Lateralization of brain activity during lower limb joints movement. An fMRI study.
Thalamocortical circuits: fMRI assessment of the pulvinar and medial dorsal nucleus in normal volunteers.
Vascular dynamics and BOLD fMRI: CBF level effects and analysis considerations.
Recognition of happy facial affect in panic disorder: An fMRI study
Predictability modulates the affective and sensory-discriminative neural processing of pain.
Motor imagery of walking following training in locomotor attention. The effect of "the tango lesson".
The effect of word concreteness on recognition memory.
Frontoparietal network involved in successful retrieval from episodic memory. Spatial and temporal analyses using fMRI and ERP.
Visual cortex activation in bilingual blind individuals during use of native and second language.
Post-movement beta rebound is generated in motor cortex: evidence from neuromagnetic recordings.
Separating brain regions involved in internally guided and visual feedback control of moving effectors: an event-related fMRI study.
Neural correlates of a mystical experience in Carmelite nuns.
Interindividual uniformity and variety of the "Writing center": a functional MRI study.
Gray matter atrophy associated with duration of temporal lobe epilepsy
A prominent role for amygdaloid complexes in the Variability in Heart Rate (VHR) during Rapid Eye Movement (REM) sleep relative to wakefulness
Distribution of grey matter atrophy in Huntington’s disease patients: A combined ROI-based and voxel-based morphometric study
Serotonin Transporter Binding in Bipolar Disorder Assessed using [11C]DASB and Positron Emission Tomography
Human choline transporter gene variation is associated with corticolimbic reactivity and autonomic-cholinergic function.
Anterior cingulate and prefrontal cortex activity in an FMRI study of trial-to-trial adjustments on the Simon task.
Investigating the human mirror neuron system by means of cortical synchronization during the imitation of biological movements
Making sense of discourse: an fMRI study of causal inferencing across sentences.
Neural correlates of remembering/knowing famous people: An event-related fMRI study
How default is the default mode of brain function? Further evidence from intrinsic BOLD signal fluctuations.
Absolute coding of stimulus novelty in the human substantia nigra/VTA.
A FUNCTIONAL NEUROIMAGING INVESTIGATION OF THE ROLES OF STRUCTURAL COMPLEXITY AND TASK-DEMAND DURING AUDITORY SENTENCE PROCESSING
Net influx of plasma 6-[18F]fluoro-L-DOPA (FDOPA) to the ventral striatum correlates with prefrontal processing of affective stimuli.
Time-frequency intracranial source localization of feedback-related EEG activity in hypothesis testing.
Longitudinal Changes in Cerebral Response to Proprioceptive Input in Individual Patients after Stroke: An fMRI Study
Cortical correlates of TMS-induced phantom hand movements revealed with concurrent TMS-fMRI.
Changes in cerebral glucose utilization in patients with panic disorder treated with cognitive–behavioral therapy
Caught in the act: the impact of audience on the neural response to morally and socially inappropriate behavior.
Diffusion Tensor Imaging in Schizophrenia
C957T polymorphism of the dopamine D2 receptor gene modulates the effect of nicotine on working memory performance and cortical processing efficiency.
Cerebral cortical processing of swallowing in older adults.
Coherent spontaneous activity identifies a hippocampal-parietal memory network.
The nature of memory related activity in early visual areas.
Imaging gene-substance interactions: the effect of the DRD2 TaqIA polymorphism and the dopamine agonist bromocriptine on the brain activation during the anticipation of reward.
When sex meets syntactic gender on a neural basis during pronoun processing.
The right hippocampus participates in short-term memory maintenance of object–location associations
Volumetric correlates of memory and executive function in normal elderly, mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer's disease
Four subgroups of Alzheimer's disease based on patterns of atrophy using VBM and a unique pattern for early onset disease
Evaluation of voxel-based methods for the statistical analysis of PIB PET amyloid imaging studies in Alzheimer's disease
Separating subjective emotion from the perception of emotion-inducing stimuli: an fMRI study.
Immaturity of somatosensory cortical processing in human newborns
Interactions of pain intensity and cognitive load: the brain stays on task.
Holding an object: neural activity associated with fingertip force adjustments to external perturbations.
Itch and motivation to scratch: an investigation of the central and peripheral correlates of allergen- and histamine-induced itch in humans.
Brain regions essential for improved lexical access in an aged aphasic patient: a case report
Hunger and satiety in anorexia nervosa: fMRI during cognitive processing of food pictures.
Information-processing modules and their relative modality specificity
Neural responses to non-native phonemes varying in producibility: evidence for the sensorimotor nature of speech perception.
Left prefrontal cortex control of novel occurrences during recollection: A psychopharmacological study using scopolamine and event-related fMRI
Differential correlation of frontal and parietal activity with the number of alternatives for cued choice saccades.
Anticipation of aversive visual stimuli is associated with increased insula activation in anxiety-prone subjects.
Effects of aging on transient and sustained successful memory encoding activity.
Letter processing automatically recruits a sensory-motor brain network.
Human cerebral cortex: a system for the integration of volume- and surface-based representations.
Face configuration processing in the human brain: the role of symmetry.
Brain–behaviour relationships in people at high genetic risk of schizophrenia
Integration of target and effector information in the human brain during reach planning.
From air oscillations to music and speech: functional magnetic resonance imaging evidence for fine-tuned neural networks in audition.
Neural correlates of coherent audiovisual motion perception.
Cognitive modulation of emotion anticipation.
Neural correlates of differential retrieval orientation: Sustained and item-related components.
fMRI changes in relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis patients complaining of fatigue after IFNbeta-1a injection.
Neuropsychological deficits and neural dysfunction in familial dyslexia
Time perception: manipulation of task difficulty dissociates clock functions from other cognitive demands.
What versus "where" in the audiovisual domain: an fMRI study.
Neural mechanisms underlying spatial judgements on seen and imagined visual stimuli in the left and right hemifields in men.
Modulation of neural activity by angle of rotation during imagined spatial transformations.
Neural correlates of the object-recall process in semantic memory.
Sex differences in the human olfactory system.
Fear-related activity in the prefrontal cortex increases with age during adolescence: a preliminary fMRI study.
Amygdala response to facial expressions reflects emotional learning.
Lighter or heavier than predicted: neural correlates of corrective mechanisms during erroneously programmed lifts.
Comparison of the neural basis for imagined writing and drawing.
Compensatory activations in patients with multiple sclerosis during preserved performance on the auditory N-back task.
Functional neural circuits for mental timekeeping.
Frontoparietal cortical activity of methamphetamine-dependent and comparison subjects performing a delay discounting task.
Functional magnetic resonance imaging study of cognitive control in the healthy relatives of schizophrenia patients.
Procedural learning in schizophrenia investigated with functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Inhibition and generation of saccades: Rapid event-related fMRI of prosaccades, antisaccades, and nogo trials
Automatic attention orienting by social and symbolic cues activates different neural networks: an fMRI study.
Perirhinal cortex activity during visual object discrimination: an event-related fMRI study.
D2 antidopaminergic modulation of frontal lobe function in healthy human subjects.
Pain sensitivity and fMRI pain-related brain activity in Alzheimer's disease.
Detecting fearful and neutral faces: BOLD latency differences in amygdala-hippocampal junction.
Source imaging of the cortical 10 Hz oscillations during cooling and warming in humans
Impaired neural networks for approximate calculation in dyscalculic children: a functional MRI study
Tuning of the human left fusiform gyrus to sublexical orthographic structure
Error-likelihood prediction in the medial frontal cortex: a critical evaluation.
Neural processing of fearful faces: effects of anxiety are gated by perceptual capacity limitations.
Differential encoding mechanisms for subsequent associative recognition and free recall.
Mode of functional connectivity in amygdala pathways dissociates level of awareness for signals of fear.
Brain Activation When Hearing One’s Own and Others’ Names
Changes in LORETA and conventional patterns of P600 after steroid treatment in multiple sclerosis patients
Material-independent cerebral network of re-experiencing personal events: Evidence from two parallel fMRI experiments
Stimulation of subthalamic nucleus inhibits emotional activation of fusiform gyrus
Young adult stimulant users' increased striatal activation during uncertainty is related to impulsivity.
In vivo SPECT imaging of muscarinic acetylcholine receptors using (R,R)123I-QNB in dementia with Lewy bodies and Parkinson’s disease dementia
Posture influences motor imagery: an fMRI study.
Neural basis for priming of pop-out during visual search revealed with fMRI.
Neural substrates of knowledge of hand postures for object grasping and functional object use: evidence from fMRI.
Effects of cerebrovascular risk factors on gray matter volume in adults aged 60–64 years: A voxel-based morphometric study
Neuroanatomical correlates of penile erection evoked by photographic stimuli in human males.
Distinct spatial patterns of brain activity associated with memory storage and search
Placebo analgesia is accompanied by large reductions in pain-related brain activity in irritable bowel syndrome patients.
How metaphors influence semantic relatedness judgments: The role of the right frontal cortex
Cingulate activation increases dynamically with response speed under stimulus unpredictability.
The neural correlates of human working memory for haptically explored object orientations.
Functional organization of perisylvian activation during presentation of sentences in preverbal infants.
Two distinct functional networks for successful resolution of proactive interference.
A neural network reflecting individual differences in cognitive processing of emotions during perceptual decision making.
On-line psychophysical data acquisition and event-related fMRI protocol optimized for the investigation of brain activation in response to gustatory stimuli
Weaker top-down modulation from the left inferior frontal gyrus in children.
Methylphenidate modulates cerebral post-stroke reorganization.
Anatomical and functional alterations in semantic dementia: a voxel-based MRI and PET study.
A functional endophenotype for sexual orientation in humans.
Brain mechanism of reward prediction under predictable and unpredictable environmental dynamics
Functions of the left superior frontal gyrus in humans: a lesion study.
Traces of vocabulary acquisition in the brain: Evidence from covert object naming.
Acute changes in frontoparietal activity after repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation over the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in a cued reaction time task.
Support for an auto-associative model of spoken cued recall: evidence from fMRI.
Contribution of the frontal lobe to externally and internally specified verbal responses: fMRI evidence.
Brain mechanisms mediating auditory attentional capture in humans.
The neural basis of ego- and allocentric reference frames in spatial navigation: Evidence from spatio-temporal coupled current density reconstruction
Cortical trapping of alpha-[(11)C]methyl-l-tryptophan, an index of serotonin synthesis, is lower in females than males.
Structural correlates of intellectual impairment and autistic features in adolescents
Increased fMRI responses during encoding in mild cognitive impairment.
Observing complex action sequences: The role of the fronto-parietal mirror neuron system.
Developmental neural networks in children performing a CategoricalN-Back Task
Differential parahippocampal and retrosplenial involvement in three types of visual scene recognition.
Dissociation of stimulus relevance and saliency factors during shifts of visuospatial attention.
Dissociation of grey and white matter reduction in spinocerebellar ataxia type 3 and 6: A voxel-based morphometry study
The effect of gender on planning: An fMRI study using the Tower of London task.
Psychobiological Characteristics of Dissociative Identity Disorder: A Symptom Provocation Study
Structural anatomy of empathy in neurodegenerative disease.
Children with reading disorder show modality independent brain abnormalities during semantic tasks.
Decreased white-matter density in a left-sided fronto-temporal network in children with developmental language disorder: evidence for anatomical anomalies in a motor-language network.
Neural correlates of working memory dysfunction in first-episode schizophrenia patients: an fMRI multi-center study.
Anticipation of aversive stimuli activates extended amygdala in unipolar depression
Orienting attention to semantic categories.
Interaction between a verbal working memory network and the medial temporal lobe
Cortical recruitment patterns in children born prematurely compared with control subjects during a passive listening functional magnetic resonance imaging task
Somatotopic organization of the processing of muscle and cutaneous pain in the left and right insula cortex: A single-trial fMRI study
Enhanced brain activity may precede the diagnosis of Alzheimer's disease by 30 years.
A parametric fMRI investigation of context effects in sensorimotor timing and coordination.
Lorazepam dose-dependently decreases risk-taking related activation in limbic areas.
Fronto-hippocampal function during temporal context monitoring in schizophrenia.
Individual differences in amygdala activity predict response speed during working memory.
Alterations in memory networks in mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer's disease: an independent component analysis.
Oddball and incongruity effects during Stroop task performance: a comparative fMRI study on selective attention.
Aging in the CNS: Comparison of gray/white matter volume and diffusion tensor data
Prefrontal and hippocampal contributions to the generation and binding of semantic associations during successful encoding
Activation of premotor vocal areas during musical discrimination.
Perceptual contributions to problem solving: Chunk decomposition of Chinese characters
Voxel-Based Study of Structural Changes in First-Episode Patients with Bipolar Disorder
Increased amygdala and decreased dorsolateral prefrontal BOLD responses in unipolar depression: related and independent features.
An analysis of functional neuroimaging studies of dorsolateral prefrontal cortical activity in depression.
Neural correlates of memory confidence.
Is Broca's area involved in the processing of passive sentences? An event-related fMRI study.
The somatotopic organization of cytoarchitectonic areas on the human parietal operculum.
Neural correlates of epigenesis
Imaging brain activity during natural vision using CASL perfusion fMRI.
Implicit learning deficits in dyslexic adults: an fMRI study.
Preferential responses in amygdala and insula during presentation of facial contempt and disgust.
Multivariate voxel-based morphometry successfully differentiates schizophrenia patients from healthy controls
Cerebellar involvement in verb generation: an fMRI study.
An fMRI approach to particularize the frontoparietal network for visuomotor action monitoring: Detection of incongruence between test subjects' actions and resulting perceptions.
Neural Correlates of Social Cooperation and Non-Cooperation as a Function of Psychopathy
Assessment of regional GABAAreceptor binding using18F-fluoroflumazenil positron emission tomography in spastic type cerebral palsy
Rhythmic brain activities related to singing in humans.
The somatodendritic domain of substantia nigra pars reticulata projection neurons in the rat
Trigeminal neuropathic pain alters responses in CNS circuits to mechanical (brush) and thermal (cold and heat) stimuli.
The role of the human ventral premotor cortex in counting successive stimuli.
Spatiotemporal analysis of feedback processing during a card sorting task using spatially filtered MEG.
Motor cortex stimulation in neuropathic pain. Correlations between analgesic effect and hemodynamic changes in the brain. A PET study
The spatial distribution and temporal dynamics of brain regions activated during the perception of object and non-object patterns.
The effect of handedness on cortical motor activation during simple bilateral movements.
Functional activation in parieto-premotor and visual areas dependent on congruency between hand movement and visual stimuli during motor-visual priming.
Learning-related changes of brain activation in the visual ventral stream: an fMRI study of mirror reading skill.
Grammatical categories in the brain: the role of morphological structure.
Topography of cortical activation differs for fundamental and harmonic frequencies of the steady-state visual-evoked responses. An EEG and PET H215O study.
Watching your foot move--an fMRI study of visuomotor interactions during foot movement.
Effects of dialectic-behavioral-therapy on the neural correlates of affective hyperarousal in borderline personality disorder
Correlates of movement initiation and velocity in Parkinson's disease: A longitudinal PET study.
Age-related connectivity changes in fMRI data from children listening to stories.
Neural mechanisms of expert skills in visual working memory.
Brain activity for spontaneous pain of postherpetic neuralgia and its modulation by lidocaine patch therapy.
Time course of amygdala activation during aversive conditioning depends on attention
Imaging correlates of motor recovery from cerebral infarction and their physiological significance in well-recovered patients
The evolutionary neuroscience of tool making
Anticipatory brainstem activity predicts neural processing of pain in humans.
NEUROIMAGING EVIDENCE FOR OBJECT MODEL VERIFICATION THEORY: ROLE OF PREFRONTAL CONTROL IN VISUAL OBJECT CATEGORIZATION
Evidence for a different role of the ventral and dorsal medial prefrontal cortex for social reactive aggression: An interactive fMRI study.
Neural mechanisms for response selection: comparing selection of responses and items from working memory.
Intracerebral ERD/ERS in voluntary movement and in cognitive visuomotor task.
Better memory and neural efficiency in young apolipoprotein E epsilon4 carriers.
Motivation modulates the activity of the human mirror-neuron system.
Choosing the lesser of two evils, the better of two goods: specifying the roles of ventromedial prefrontal cortex and dorsal anterior cingulate in object choice.
Anterolateral prefrontal cortex mediates the analgesic effect of expected and perceived control over pain.
Detecting functional nodes in large-scale cortical networks with functional magnetic resonance imaging: a principal component analysis of the human visual system.
Relationship between regional hemodynamic activity and simultaneously recorded EEG-theta associated with mental arithmetic-induced workload.
Effect of corpus callosum damage on ipsilateral motor activation in patients with multiple sclerosis: a functional and anatomical study.
Complex spatio-temporal dynamics of fMRI BOLD: A study of motor learning.
Neural correlates of metaphor processing in schizophrenia.
Emotional memory in depersonalization disorder: A functional MRI study
Brain responses to dynamic facial expressions of pain.
Episodic encoding is more than the sum of its parts: an fMRI investigation of multifeatural contextual encoding.
Fragments of a larger whole: retrieval cues constrain observed neural correlates of memory encoding.
Eye position-dependent activity in the primary visual area as revealed by fMRI.
Assessing the influence of scanner background noise on auditory processing. II. An fMRI study comparing auditory processing in the absence and presence of recorded scanner noise using a sparse design.
Neural substrates of sarcasm: a functional magnetic-resonance imaging study.
Effect of the number of response alternatives on brain activity in response selection.
Cortical brain responses during passive nonpainful median nerve stimulation at low frequencies (0.5-4 Hz): an fMRI study.
Cerebral correlates of the "Kohnstamm phenomenon": an fMRI study.
Neural dynamics for facial threat processing as revealed by gamma band synchronization using MEG
Affective neural circuitry during facial emotion processing in pediatric bipolar disorder.
Neural responses to facial expressions of disgust but not fear are modulated by washing symptoms in OCD.
Regional change in brain morphometry in schizophrenia associated with antipsychotic treatment
Human intracranially-recorded cortical responses evoked by painful electrical stimulation of the sural nerve
Quantitative diffusion tensor imaging in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis
Cerebral grey, white matter and csf in never-medicated, first-episode schizophrenia
Multisensory integration for timing engages different brain networks.
Attentional modulation of object representations in working memory.
Cortical representation of verb processing in sentence comprehension: number of complements, subcategorization, and thematic frames.
Mechanisms of top-down facilitation in perception of visual objects studied by FMRI.
Recovery from aphasia as a function of language therapy in an early bilingual patient demonstrated by fMRI.
Gastric fundic distension activates fronto-limbic structures but not primary somatosensory cortex: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Impact of modality and linguistic complexity during reading and listening tasks
Differential contributions of prefrontal, medial temporal, and sensory-perceptual regions to true and false memory formation.
Motor imagery of complex everyday movements. An fMRI study.
Focal cortical atrophy in multiple sclerosis: Relation to lesion load and disability
Performance on an episodic encoding task yields further insight into functional brain development.
Neural correlates of a 'pessimistic' attitude when anticipating events of unknown emotional valence.
Volume of left amygdala subregion predicted temperamental trait of harm avoidance in female young subjects. A voxel-based morphometry study
Metabolic brain networks associated with cognitive function in Parkinson’s disease
Motor brain regions are involved in the encoding of delayed intentions: a fMRI study.
Neural response to the visual familiarity of faces
Activation of cerebellar nuclei comparing finger, foot and tongue movements as revealed by fMRI
Pattern recognition using a device substituting audition for vision in blindfolded sighted subjects
Neural substrates of choice selection in adults and adolescents: development of the ventrolateral prefrontal and anterior cingulate cortices.
Cortical activity in Parkinson’s disease during executive processing depends on striatal involvement
Reward value coding distinct from risk attitude-related uncertainty coding in human reward systems.
Cortical activation to indoor versus outdoor scenes: an fMRI study.
WHITE MATTER INTEGRITY PREDICTS STROOP PERFORMANCE IN PATIENTS WITH GERIATRIC DEPRESSION
Levels-of-processing effects in first-degree relatives of individuals with schizophrenia.
The Cerebellum and Emotional Experience
Neural correlates of transmeatal cochlear laser (TCL) stimulation in healthy human subjects.
Relationships between plasma leptin concentrations and human brain structure: A voxel-based morphometric study
Diffusion tensor studies dissociated two fronto-temporal pathways in the human memory system.
How necessary are the stripes of a tiger? Diagnostic and characteristic features in an fMRI study of word meaning.
Remembering the past and imagining the future: common and distinct neural substrates during event construction and elaboration.
Amygdala activation at 3T in response to human and avatar facial expressions of emotions.
Anatomical Substrates of Visual and Auditory Miniature Second-language Learning
The interaction between orthographic and phonological information in children: an fMRI study.
Temporal lobe interictal epileptic discharges affect cerebral activity in "default mode" brain regions.
Hemodynamic responses in neural circuitries for detection of visual target and novelty: An event-related fMRI study.
Neural correlates of automatic beliefs about gender and race.
Altered functional connectivity in early Alzheimer's disease: a resting-state fMRI study.
Regulation of emotional responses elicited by threat-related stimuli.
Taxing working memory with syntax: bihemispheric modulations.
Interparticipant correlations: a model free FMRI analysis technique.
Complex relationship between BOLD signal and synchronization/desynchronization of human brain MEG oscillations.
fMRI study of effort and information processing in a working memory task.
Neural characteristics of successful and less successful speech and word learning in adults.
Object identification and lexical/semantic access in children: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study of word-picture matching.
Effector-specific fields for motor preparation in the human frontal cortex
Neural basis of cultural influence on self-representation.
Cardiorespiratory fitness: A predictor of cortical plasticity in multiple sclerosis.
Functional Connectivity in fMRI: A Modeling Approach for Estimation and for Relating to Local Circuits
Neural and electromyographic correlates of wrist posture control.
Combined activation and deactivation of visual cortex during tactile sensory processing.
Brief report: brain activation to social words in a sedated child with autism.
Inhibitory control in high-functioning autism: decreased activation and underconnectivity in inhibition networks.
Understanding genetic risk for aggression: clues from the brain's response to social exclusion.
Effects of frequent cannabis use on hippocampal activity during an associative memory task.
Brain activity during stimulation of the trigeminal nerve with noxious heat
Neural signatures of body ownership: a sensory network for bodily self-consciousness.
Brain mechanisms implicated in the preattentive categorization of speech sounds revealed using FMRI and a short-interval habituation trial paradigm.
Anticipating instrumentally obtained and passively-received rewards: A factorial fMRI investigation
Evidence for early activation of primary motor cortex and SMA after electrical lower limb stimulation using EEG source reconstruction.
Evidence for bilateral involvement in idiom comprehension: An fMRI study.
Semantic ambiguity processing in sentence context: Evidence from event-related fMRI.
Practice makes perfect: the neural substrates of tactile discrimination by Mah-Jong experts include the primary visual cortex
Age-related changes in word retrieval: role of bilateral frontal and subcortical networks.
Reactivation of medial temporal lobe and occipital lobe during the retrieval of color information: A positron emission tomography study.
Nonvisual codes and nonvisual brain areas support visual working memory.
Multiple stages of auditory speech perception reflected in event-related FMRI.
Empathy and judging other's pain: an fMRI study of alexithymia.
Effects of treatment with the atypical neuroleptic quetiapine on working memory function: a functional MRI follow-up investigation.
Brain activity related to temporal summation of C-fiber evoked pain.
Test-retest study of fMRI signal change evoked by electroacupuncture stimulation.
A comparison of functional MRI and magnetoencephalography for receptive language mapping.
When language meets action: the neural integration of gesture and speech.
The impact of processing load on emotion.
Fiber connections between the cerebral cortex and the corpus callosum in Alzheimer's disease: a diffusion tensor imaging and voxel-based morphometry study.
Regional gray matter volumetric changes in autism associated with social and repetitive behavior symptoms
Diffusion tensor imaging and optimized fiber tracking in glioma patients: Histopathologic evaluation of tumor-invaded white matter structures.
Multivariate network analysis of fiber tract integrity in Alzheimer’s disease
Amygdala dysfunction in men with the fragile X premutation.
Extra-classical receptive field effects measured in striate cortex with fMRI.
Neural correlates of semantic priming for ambiguous words: an event-related fMRI study.
Medial versus lateral prefrontal dissociation in movement selection and inhibitory control
The neural correlates of attention orienting in visuospatial working memory for detecting feature and conjunction changes.
Prefrontal cortical functional abnormality in major depressive disorder: A stereotactic meta-analysis
Volumetric reduction of the corpus callosum in Alzheimer's disease in vivo as assessed with voxel-based morphometry
Neural Correlates of Internal-Model Loading
The neural processing of moral sensitivity to issues of justice and care.
Temporal dynamics of basal ganglia response and connectivity during verbal working memory
A simultaneous EEG-fMRI study of painful electric stimulation.
Functional dissociations in top-down control dependent neural repetition priming.
Isolation of a central bottleneck of information processing with time-resolved FMRI.
Dissociable effects of phonetic competition and category typicality in a phonetic categorization task: an fMRI investigation.
II. Temporal patterns of longitudinal change in aging brain function
Effects of elevated plasma tryptophan on brain activation associated with the Stroop task.
Expecting unpleasant stimuli – An fMRI study
Amygdala reactivity predicts automatic negative evaluations for facial emotions.
Dodecapus: An MR-compatible system for somatosensory stimulation.
Neural correlates of vibrotactile working memory in the human brain.
Heschl's gyrus, posterior superior temporal gyrus, and mid-ventrolateral prefrontal cortex have different roles in the detection of acoustic changes.
Policy adjustment in a dynamic economic game.
Non-fluent progressive aphasia: Cerebral metabolic patterns and brain reserve
Emotional words induce enhanced brain activity in schizophrenic patients with auditory hallucinations.
Neural correlates of error awareness.
Pupillary contagion: central mechanisms engaged in sadness processing.
Sustained spatial attention to vibration is mediated in primary somatosensory cortex
Time-varying amygdala response to emotional faces in generalized social phobia.
Brain activation patterns during a selective attention test--a functional MRI study in healthy volunteers and unmedicated patients during an acute episode of schizophrenia.
Age-related water diffusion changes in human brain: A voxel-based approach
Acute prefrontal cortex TMS in healthy volunteers: Effects on brain11C-αMtrp trapping
Neural correlates of response reversal: Considering acquisition
Scanning for the scanner: FMRI of audition by read-out omissions from echo-planar imaging.
Pattern classification using principal components of cortical thickness and its discriminative pattern in schizophrenia
Developmental differences in the neural bases of the face inversion effect show progressive tuning of face-selective regions to the upright orientation.
The role of the basal ganglia and cerebellum in language processing.
Malignant progression in pleomorphic xanthoastrocytoma: personal experience and review of the literature.
Event frequency modulates the processing of daily life activities in human medial prefrontal cortex.
An oculomotor decision process revealed by functional magnetic resonance imaging.
EEG dynamics of the frontoparietal network during reaching preparation in humans
Validation and optimization of statistical approaches for modeling odorant-induced fMRI signal changes in olfactory-related brain areas
IMAGING SIGNAL TRANSDUCTION VIA ARACHIDONIC ACID IN THE HUMAN BRAIN DURING VISUAL STIMULATION, BY MEANS OF POSITRON EMISSION TOMOGRAPHY
Top-down processes during auditory phoneme categorization in dyslexia: a PET study.
Increased left prefrontal activation in patients with unipolar depression: an event-related, parametric, performance-controlled fMRI study.
Brain function during multi-trial learning in mild cognitive impairment: A PET activation study
BOLD coherence reveals segregated functional neural interactions when adapting to distinct torque perturbations.
Functional magnetic resonance imaging investigation of overlapping lateral occipitotemporal activations using multi-voxel pattern analysis.
The neural circuitry underlying the executive control of auditory spatial attention.
Neural correlates of processing facial identity based on features versus their spacing.
Human brain activity associated with audiovisual perception and attention.
Age effects on the neural correlates of episodic retrieval: increased cortical recruitment with matched performance.
Recollection and the reinstatement of encoding-related cortical activity.
Hippocampal activation for autobiographical memories over the entire lifetime in healthy aged subjects: an fMRI study.
Neural substrates for episodic encoding and recognition of unfamiliar faces
Children's and adults' neural bases of verbal and nonverbal 'theory of mind'.
Towards natural stimulation in fMRI--issues of data analysis.
Neural evidence for Reference-dependence in real-market-transactions.
Amygdala and Orbitofrontal Reactivity to Social Threat in Individuals with Impulsive Aggression
Impact of emotional salience on episodic memory in attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Resting-state functional connectivity in major depression: abnormally increased contributions from subgenual cingulate cortex and thalamus.
Time and decision making: differential contribution of the posterior insular cortex and the striatum during a delay discounting task.
Brain imaging correlates of depressive symptom severity and predictors of symptom improvement after antidepressant treatment.
Diurnal variation in regional brain glucose metabolism in depression.
Recall of fear extinction in humans activates the ventromedial prefrontal cortex and hippocampus in concert.
Neural Substrates of Resisting Craving during Cigarette Cue Exposure
Neural correlates for learning to read Roman numerals.
Hearing Lips and Seeing Voices: How Cortical Areas Supporting Speech Production Mediate Audiovisual Speech Perception
HIPPOCAMPAL HYPOMETABOLISM PREDICTS COGNITIVE DECLINE FROM NORMAL AGING
Functional disconnections in the direct and indirect amygdala pathways for fear processing in schizophrenia.
The role of the posterior superior temporal sulcus in the processing of unmarked transitivity.
Selection and maintenance of stimulus-response rules during preparation and performance of a spatial choice-reaction task.
Reduced cortical activity during maximal bilateral contractions of the index finger.
Sex differences in the development of neuroanatomical functional connectivity underlying intelligence found using Bayesian connectivity analysis.
Role of Hyperactive Cerebellum and Motor Cortex in Parkinson’s Disease
Temporal difference modeling of the blood-oxygen level dependent response during aversive conditioning in humans: effects of dopaminergic modulation.
A magnitude code common to numerosities and number symbols in human intraparietal cortex.
How does the brain mediate interpretation of incongruent auditory emotions? The neural response to prosody in the presence of conflicting lexico-semantic cues.
Effects of syntactic complexity in L1 and L2; an fMRI study of Korean-English bilinguals.
Neuroanatomical correlates of personality in the elderly.
What does the brain do when you fake it? An FMRI study of pantomimed and real grasping.
The effect of practice on a sustained attention task in cocaine abusers
Load response functions in the human spatial working memory circuit during location memory updating.
Modulation of emotion by cognition and cognition by emotion.
A method for using blocked and event-related fMRI data to study "resting state" functional connectivity.
The NIH MRI study of normal brain development (Objective-2): newborns, infants, toddlers, and preschoolers.
Neural correlates of covert orienting of visual spatial attention along vertical and horizontal dimensions.
Hypothalamus and Amygdala Response to Acupuncture Stimuli in Carpal Tunnel Syndrome
Short-term memory and the left intraparietal sulcus: Focus of attention? Further evidence from a face short-term memory paradigm
Social cognition and frontal lobe pathology in schizophrenia: A voxel-based morphometric study
VBM signatures of abnormal eating behaviours in frontotemporal lobar degeneration
Neurophysiological correlates of relatively enhanced local visual search in autistic adolescents.
Temporal lobe lesions and semantic impairment: a comparison of herpes simplex virus encephalitis and semantic dementia.
Is that near my hand? Multisensory representation of peripersonal space in human intraparietal sulcus.
Regional coherence changes in the early stages of Alzheimer's disease: a combined structural and resting-state functional MRI study.
The neural basis of the egocentric and allocentric spatial frame of reference.
White matter development during late adolescence in healthy males: a cross-sectional diffusion tensor imaging study.
Preparatory allocation of attention and adjustments in conflict processing.
Human reward system activation is modulated by a single dose of olanzapine in healthy subjects in an event-related, double-blind, placebo-controlled fMRI study.
Stabilities of negative correlations between blood oxygen level-dependent signals associated with sensory and motor cortices.
Neural correlates of verbal feedback processing: an fMRI study employing overt speech.
Ventral visual cortex in humans: cytoarchitectonic mapping of two extrastriate areas.
Perceiving fear in dynamic body expressions.
An fMRI study of canonical and noncanonical word order in German.
fMRI analysis for motor paradigms using EMG-based designs: a validation study.
Prefrontal cortex activity is reduced in gambling and nongambling substance users during decision-making.
Relationship between task-related gamma oscillations and BOLD signal: new insights from combined fMRI and intracranial EEG.
Dissociation of response inhibition and performance monitoring in the stop signal task using event-related fMRI.
Evidence for neural accommodation to a writing system following learning.
Intranasal trigeminal function in subjects with and without an intact sense of smell.
Neural correlates of two imagined egocentric transformations.
Parsing a sequence of brain activations at psychological times using fMRI
The effect of task-relevance on primary somatosensory cortex during continuous sensory-guided movement in the presence of bimodal competition.
Separate conflict-specific cognitive control mechanisms in the human brain
Progressive changes of white matter integrity in schizophrenia revealed by diffusion tensor imaging
Elaborative verbal encoding and altered anterior parahippocampal activation in adolescents and young adults at genetic risk for schizophrenia using FMRI.
Parietal disruption impairs reflexive spatial attention within and between sensory modalities
Human neural systems for conceptual knowledge of proper object use: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Distinct and convergent visual processing of high and low spatial frequency information in faces.
Selectivity of human retinotopic visual cortex to S-cone-opponent, L/M-cone-opponent and achromatic stimulation.
Differentiating allocation of resources and conflict detection within attentional control processing.
Subregions of human parietal cortex selectively encoding object orientation.
Altered effective connectivity within the language network in primary progressive aphasia.
The feeling of familiarity of music and odors: the same neural signature?
Covariations among fMRI, skin conductance, and behavioral data during processing of concealed information.
A functional MRI study of happy and sad affective states induced by classical music.
fMRI-vs-MEG evaluation of post-stroke interhemispheric asymmetries in primary sensorimotor hand areas
Violent persons with schizophrenia and comorbid disorders: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Mapping brain structure in attention deficit-hyperactivity disorder: a voxel-based MRI study of regional grey and white matter volume.
Ventral medial prefrontal cortex and cardiovagal control in conscious humans.
Dysfunction of reward processing correlates with alcohol craving in detoxified alcoholics.
Dissociating the effects of Sternberg working memory demands in prefrontal cortex.
Circuitry underlying temporally extended spatial working memory.
Dissociated brain organization for single-digit addition and multiplication.
Response options and expectations of reward in decision-making: the differential roles of dorsal and rostral anterior cingulate cortex.
Effects of generation mode in fMRI adaptations of semantic fluency: paced production and overt speech.
Neural correlates of phonological and semantic-based anomia treatment in aphasia.
Activation of the supplementary motor area (SMA) during voluntary pelvic floor muscle contractions--an fMRI study.
Neuropsychological evidence for a strategic control of multiple routes in imitation.
Voxel-based T2 Relaxation Rate Measurements in Temporal Lobe Epilepsy (TLE) with and without Mesial Temporal Sclerosis
Imaging onset and propagation of ECT-induced seizures.
Correlation between provoked ictal SPECT and depth recordings in adult drug-resistant epilepsy patients.
Brain structures mediating cardiovascular arousal and interoceptive awareness.
Retrosplenial and hippocampal brain regions in human navigation: complementary functional contributions to the formation and use of cognitive maps.
Polymodal conceptual processing of human biological actions in the left inferior frontal lobe.
Allelic variation in RGS4 impacts functional and structural connectivity in the human brain.
Neural activity is modulated by trial history: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study of the effects of a previous antisaccade.
Acute effects of alcohol on neural correlates of episodic memory encoding.
Neural coding of reward-prediction error signals during classical conditioning with attractive faces.
Here I am: the cortical correlates of visual self-recognition.
Diminished medial prefrontal cortex activity in blood-injection-injury phobia.
Dopaminergic function in depressed patients with affective flattening or with impulsivity: [18F]fluoro-L-dopa positron emission tomography study with voxel-based analysis.
Sex differences in neural responses to disgusting visual stimuli: implications for disgust-related psychiatric disorders.
The role of cortical area V5/MT+ in speed-tuned directional anisotropies in global motion perception.
Stimuli of varying spatial scale induce gamma activity with distinct temporal characteristics in human visual cortex
Pain enhances functional connectivity of a brain network evoked by performance of a cognitive task.
Management of attentional resources in within-modal and cross-modal divided attention tasks: an fMRI study.
Sex specificity of ventral anterior cingulate cortex suppression during a cognitive task.
A preliminary longitudinal fMRI study of frontal-subcortical circuits in bipolar disorder using a paced motor activation paradigm
Postprandial glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) response is positively associated with changes in neuronal activity of brain areas implicated in satiety and food intake regulation in humans
The mind of expert motor performance is cool and focused.
Brain activation during sentence comprehension among good and poor readers.
Silent and continuous fMRI scanning differentially modulate activation in an auditory language comprehension task.
Brain Activity During a Motor Learning Task: An fMRI and Skin Conductance Study
An fMRI investigation of the role of the basal ganglia in reasoning.
Cerebral activation related to the control of mastication during changes in food hardness
Processing of location and pattern changes of natural sounds in the human auditory cortex.
Linear normalization of MR brain images in pediatric patients with periventricular leukomalacia
Grey matter correlates of early psychotic symptoms in adolescents at enhanced risk of psychosis: a voxel-based study.
Social stimuli interfere with cognitive control in autism.
Increased cortical recruitment in Huntington's disease using a Simon task.
Brain activation during implicit sequence learning in individuals with trichotillomania.
Where the Brain Grows Old: Decline in Anterior Cingulate and Medial Prefrontal Function with Normal Aging
Context-dependent interpretation of words: evidence for interactive neural processes.
Neural bases of asymmetric language switching in second-language learners: an ER-fMRI study.
A rapid sound-action association effect in human insular cortex.
Functional microstates within human REM sleep: first evidence from fMRI of a thalamocortical network specific for phasic REM periods.
Internal capsule, corpus callosum and long associative fibers in good and poor outcome schizophrenia: a diffusion tensor imaging survey.
Phonological processing in relation to reading: an fMRI study in deaf readers.
Response anticipation and response conflict: an event-related potential and functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Functional integration across brain regions improves speech perception under adverse listening conditions.
Preliminary sex differences in human cortical BOLD fMRI activity during the preparation of increasingly complex visually guided movements.
Differential cortical activity for precision and whole-hand visually guided grasping in humans.
Brain responses to symptom provocation and trauma-related short-term memory recall in coal mining accident survivors with acute severe PTSD.
Emotional Intelligence predicts individual differences in social exchange reasoning.
As time goes by: temporal constraints on emotional activation of inferior medial prefrontal cortex.
Regulation of anterior insular cortex activity using real-time fMRI.
Amygdala function in adolescents with congenital adrenal hyperplasia: a model for the study of early steroid abnormalities.
Atypical [corrected] participation of visual cortex during word processing in autism: an fMRI study of semantic decision.
Mapping the spinal and supraspinal pathways of dynamic mechanical allodynia in the human trigeminal system using cardiac-gated fMRI.
Distinct neural correlates underlying two- and three-dimensional mental rotations using three-dimensional objects.
Altered benzodiazepine receptor sensitivity in alcoholism: a study with fMRI and acute lorazepam challenge.
Transcranial direct current stimulation: A computer-based human model study
Effects of acute antipsychotic treatment on brain activation in first episode psychosis: an fMRI study.
Low- and high-frequency evoked responses following pattern reversal stimuli: a MEG study supported by fMRI constraint.
Functional MRI approach for assessing hemispheric predominance of regions activated by a phonological and a semantic task
The Kuleshov Effect: the influence of contextual framing on emotional attributions.
Anatomical physiology of spatial extinction.
Item analysis in functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Mental rotation and object categorization share a common network of prefrontal and dorsal and ventral regions of posterior cortex.
A structural MRI study in monozygotic twins concordant or discordant for attention/hyperactivity problems: Evidence for genetic and environmental heterogeneity in the developing brain
Functional brain correlates of response time variability in children.
Cerebellar contributions to episodic memory encoding as revealed by fMRI.
A tensor based morphometry study of longitudinal gray matter contraction in FTD.
When goals are missed: dealing with self-generated and externally induced failure.
Depressed mood and lateralized prefrontal activity during a Stroop task in adolescent children.
Effect of spatial attention on stimulus-specific haemodynamic repetition effects.
The roles of prefrontal and posterior parietal cortex in algebra problem solving: A case of using cognitive modeling to inform neuroimaging data
Contextual Interference in Recognition Memory with Age
Medial temporal lobe activity at recognition increases with the duration of mnemonic delay during an object working memory task.
Categorization training results in shape- and category-selective human neural plasticity.
The neural mechanism of imagining facial affective expression.
Representation of cold allodynia in the human brain—A functional MRI study
Erythropoietin enhances hippocampal response during memory retrieval in humans.
Working memory dysfunction in schizophrenia compared to healthy controls and patients with depression: evidence from event-related fMRI.
Fingerspelling, signed language, text and picture processing in deaf native signers: the role of the mid-fusiform gyrus.
Increased self-monitoring during imagined movements in conversion paralysis.
Source localization of the Nogo-N2: a developmental study.
Compensatory cortical mechanisms in Parkinson's disease evidenced with fMRI during the performance of pre-learned sequential movements.
A variant of logistic transfer function in Infomax and a postprocessing procedure for independent component analysis applied to fMRI data
Dissociable correlates of two classes of retrieval processing in prefrontal cortex.
Competition between functional brain networks mediates behavioral variability.
Evolution of fMRI Activation in the Perilesional Primary Motor Cortex and Cerebellum With Rehabilitation Training-Related Motor Gains After Stroke: A Pilot Study
Voxel-based morphometry study of brain volumetry and diffusivity in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis patients with mild disability.
The engagement of mid-ventrolateral prefrontal cortex and posterior brain regions in intentional cognitive activity.
The effect of visual experience on the development of functional architecture in hMT+.
Brain networks subserving the extraction of sentence information and its encoding to memory.
Differences in cortical activation during smooth pursuit and saccadic eye movements following cerebellar lesions.
Modulation of neural response to happy and sad faces by acute tryptophan depletion.
Neural correlates of true and false belief reasoning.
Attention alters neural responses to evocative faces in behaviorally inhibited adolescents.
Visual scene processing in familiar and unfamiliar environments.
Impaired working-memory after cerebellar infarcts paralleled by changes in BOLD signal of a cortico-cerebellar circuit.
An event-related fMRI study of auditory motion perception: No evidence for a specialized cortical system
On the programming and reprogramming of actions.
Competing neural responses for auditory and visual decisions.
Positive and negative modulation of word learning by reward anticipation.
Functional coupling of human prefrontal and premotor areas during cognitive manipulation.
Nicotine enhances visuospatial attention by deactivating areas of the resting brain default network.
Relation between muscle and brain activity during isometric contractions of the first dorsal interosseus muscle.
Neural correlates of auditory feedback control in human
Neural pathways link social support to attenuated neuroendocrine stress responses.
Feeling the real world: limbic response to music depends on related content.
Activity of attention related structures in multiple sclerosis patients.
Orienting auditory spatial attention engages frontal eye fields and medial occipital cortex in congenitally blind humans.
A preliminary fMRI study of the effects on cortical activation of the treatment of refractory auditory hallucinations with rTMS.
Fronto-limbic and autonomic disjunctions to negative emotion distinguish schizophrenia subtypes.
fMRI reveals a preference for near viewing in the human parieto-occipital cortex.
Fronto-temporal-lobe atrophy in early-stage Alzheimer's disease identified using an improved detection methodology.
An Event Related Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study of Facial Emotion Processing in Asperger Syndrome
Diminished rostral anterior cingulate activity in response to threat-related events in posttraumatic stress disorder
Abnormalities of language networks in temporal lobe epilepsy.
Attention and reality constraints on the neural processes of empathy for pain.
Neural representation of binding lexical signs and words in the episodic buffer of working memory
Social concepts are represented in the superior anterior temporal cortex
Wavelength-dependent modulation of brain responses to a working memory task by daytime light exposure.
The neural correlates of sign versus word production
Capsaicin-induced thermal hyperalgesia and sensitization in the human trigeminal nociceptive pathway: an fMRI study.
Learning-related human brain activations reflecting individual finances.
Amygdala activation and facial expressions: explicit emotion discrimination versus implicit emotion processing.
Diffusion tensor imaging in dementia with Lewy bodies and Alzheimer's disease
Functional neuroimaging correlates of mental fatigue induced by cognition among chronic fatigue syndrome patients and controls.
Triangulating a cognitive control network using diffusion-weighted magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) and functional MRI.
Broca's area supports enhanced visuospatial cognition in orchestral musicians.
The cortical representation of objects rotating in depth.
The neural basis of selection-for-action.
Neural correlates of trauma script-imagery in posttraumatic stress disorder with and without comorbid major depression: a functional MRI investigation.
Atrophy is associated with posterior cingulate white matter disruption in dementia with Lewy bodies and Alzheimer's disease.
Gender-common and -specific neuroanatomical basis of human anxiety-related personality traits.
Neural resources associated with perceptual judgment across sensory modalities.
Neural activity of the anterior insula in emotional processing depends on the individuals' emotional susceptibility.
Human cortical areas involved in sustaining perceptual stability during smooth pursuit eye movements.
Neural mechanisms of auditory awareness underlying verbal transformations.
Abnormal cortical activation during response inhibition in 22q11.2 deletion syndrome.
Human brain activation during phonation and exhalation: common volitional control for two upper airway functions.
Cerebral activation in patients with somatoform pain disorder exposed to pain and stress: an fMRI study.
The relationship between brain activity and peak grip force is modulated by corticospinal system integrity after subcortical stroke.
Specificity of regional brain activity in anxiety types during emotion processing.
Neural correlates of naming newly learned objects in MCI
Human cortical circuits for central executive function emerge by theta phase synchronization.
Lexical ambiguity in sentence comprehension.
Medial frontal hyperactivity in reality distortion.
Cortical mechanisms for shifting and holding visuospatial attention.
Fronto-striatal dysfunction and potential compensatory mechanisms in male adolescents with fragile X syndrome.
Regional brain activity after prolonged cholinergic enhancement in early Alzheimer's disease
Amygdala responses to nonlinguistic emotional vocalizations.
Independent effects of emotion and working memory load on visual activation in the lateral occipital complex.
The influence of olfactory-induced negative emotion on verbal working memory: individual differences in neurobehavioral findings.
The role of the basal ganglia in bimanual coordination.
A functional magnetic resonance imaging study of the body schema using full human line-drawing figures in an on-line verbal naming and localization task of single body part words.
Temporal modeling demonstrates preserved overlearning processes in schizophrenia: An fMRI study
Differentiation between external and internal cuing: an fMRI study comparing tracing with drawing.
Dissociation of the neural correlates of recognition memory according to familiarity, recollection, and amount of recollected information.
Activation of the cortical pain network by soft tactile stimulation after injection of sumatriptan.
fMRI of peripheral visual field representation.
Supramodal language comprehension: role of the left temporal lobe for listening and reading.
Central control of grasp: manipulation of objects with complex and simple dynamics.
Effects of spinal cord stimulation on the cortical somatosensory evoked potentials in failed back surgery syndrome patients.
Brain network for passive word listening as evaluated with ICA and Granger causality
Neural basis of processing sequential and hierarchical syntactic structures.
Functional dissociation in frontal and striatal areas for processing of positive and negative reward information.
Assessment of cognitive brain function in ecstasy users and contributions of other drugs of abuse: results from an FMRI study.
The anxiolytic effects of midazolam during anticipation to pain revealed using fMRI
Common neural substrates for visual working memory and attention.
Cortical abnormalities and language function in young patients with basal ganglia stroke
Dynamic causal modelling of evoked responses: the role of intrinsic connections.
Metabolic and electric brain patterns during pleasant and unpleasant emotions induced by music masterpieces.
Functional neural networks underlying response inhibition in adolescents and adults.
Cerebellar contributions to working memory.
Changes in network activity with the progression of Parkinson’s disease
Predicting the actions of others taps into one's own somatosensory representations--a functional MRI study.
A validated network of effective amygdala connectivity.
Developmental differences in posterior mesofrontal cortex recruitment by risky rewards.
Incidental use of ecstasy: no evidence for harmful effects on cognitive brain function in a prospective fMRI study.
Towards a nosology for frontotemporal lobar degenerations—A meta-analysis involving 267 subjects
An effect of context on saccade-related behavior and brain activity
The extrastriate cortex distinguishes between the consequences of one's own and others' behavior.
Overt and imagined singing of an Italian aria.
Genetic variation in serotonin transporter alters resting brain function in healthy individuals.
fMRI delineation of working memory for emotional prosody in the brain: commonalities with the lexico-semantic emotion network.
Quantitative analysis of asymmetrical cortical activity in motor areas during sequential finger movement
Functional MRI characteristics of a focal region of cortical malformation not associated with seizure onset
Gene-gene interaction associated with neural reward sensitivity.
Controlling emotional expression: behavioral and neural correlates of nonimitative emotional responses.
FMRI reveals a dissociation between grasping and perceiving the size of real 3D objects.
Abnormal cortical folding patterns within Broca's area in schizophrenia: Evidence from structural MRI
Imaging early practice effects in arithmetic.
Age of acquisition modulates neural activity for both regular and irregular syntactic functions
The angular gyrus computes action awareness representations.
Priming frequencies of transcranial magnetic stimulation over Wernicke's area modulate word detection.
Idiom comprehension: a prefrontal task?
Gaze fixations predict brain activation during the voluntary regulation of picture-induced negative affect.
Differential brain processing of audiovisual sexual stimuli in men: Comparative positron emission tomography study of the initiation and maintenance of penile erection during sexual arousal
Age-related differences in brain activity underlying working memory for spatial and nonspatial auditory information.
Localization of human intraparietal areas AIP, CIP, and LIP using surface orientation and saccadic eye movement tasks.
Cross-cultural music phrase processing: an fMRI study.
Design and validation of a MR-compatible pneumatic manipulandum.
Inhibition and facilitation in visual word recognition: prefrontal contribution to the orthographic neighborhood size effect.
Neural representations of pantomimed and actual tool use: Evidence from an event-related fMRI study
The neural basis for understanding non-intended actions.
Stimulus properties matter more than perspective: an fMRI study of mental imagery and silent reading of action phrases.
Action observation has a positive impact on rehabilitation of motor deficits after stroke.
A fronto-parietal network is mediating improvement of motor function related to repetitive peripheral magnetic stimulation: A PET-H2O15study
Zones of bimanual and unimanual preference within human primary sensorimotor cortex during object manipulation.
Understanding non-biological dynamics with your own premotor system.
Do simple intransitive finger movements consistently activate frontoparietal mirror neuron areas in humans?
Functional dissociation of saccade and hand reaching control with bilateral lesions of the medial wall of the intraparietal sulcus: implications for optic ataxia.
Beyond grasping: representation of action in human anterior intraparietal sulcus.
Does tool-related fMRI activity within the intraparietal sulcus reflect the plan to grasp?
Goal-dependent modulation of declarative memory: neural correlates of temporal recency decisions and novelty detection.
Brain activation during the Stroop task in adolescents with severe substance and conduct problems: A pilot study.
Visual presentation of phobic stimuli: amygdala activation via an extrageniculostriate pathway?
The relationship within and between the extrinsic and intrinsic systems indicated by resting state correlational patterns of sensory cortices.
Assignment of functional activations to probabilistic cytoarchitectonic areas revisited.
Sex differences in regional gray matter in healthy individuals aged 44–48 years: A voxel-based morphometric study
The neural bases of the lexical effect: an fMRI investigation.
Beyond superior temporal cortex: intersubject correlations in narrative speech comprehension.
Impact of smoking abstinence on working memory neurocircuitry in adolescent daily tobacco smokers.
The neural substrate of naming events: effects of processing demands but not of grammatical class.
Visual topography of human intraparietal sulcus.
The dorsolateral prefrontal cortex contributes to successful relational memory encoding.
Strategic differences in algebraic problem solving: neuroanatomical correlates.
An approach to MRI-based dosimetry for transcranial magnetic stimulation
When thoughts become action: an fMRI paradigm to study volitional brain activity in non-communicative brain injured patients.
Event-related functional magnetic resonance imaging of response inhibition in obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Voxel-based morphometry and voxel-based relaxometry in multiple system atrophy—A comparison between clinical subtypes and correlations with clinical parameters
Neural substrates underlying evaluation of pain in actions depicted in words.
Brain imaging of neuropathic pain.
Top–down task effects overrule automatic multisensory responses to letter–sound pairs in auditory association cortex
fMRI investigation of working memory for faces in autism: visual coding and underconnectivity with frontal areas.
Different neural systems adjust motor behavior in response to reward and punishment.
Reduced Cerebral Glucose Metabolism in Patients at Risk for Alzheimer's Disease
Age-related alterations of the functional interactions within the basal ganglia and cerebellar motor loopsin vivo
Neural correlates of perceptual difference between itching and pain: a human fMRI study.
Neural correlates of regional EEG power change
Diffusion tensor MRI-based estimation of the influence of brain tissue anisotropy on the effects of transcranial magnetic stimulation.
Altered functional connectivity of primary visual cortex in early blindness.
Enhanced amygdala and medial prefrontal activation during nonconscious processing of fear in posttraumatic stress disorder: an fMRI study.
Cortical thinning in obsessive compulsive disorder.
An fMRI study of prefrontal brain activation during multiple tasks in patients with major depressive disorder.
Functional specificity of the visual word form area: General activation for words and symbols but specific network activation for words
In search of autobiographical memories: A PET study in the frontal variant of frontotemporal dementia
Neural substrates of olfactory processing in schizophrenia patients and their healthy relatives.
The functional role of dorso-lateral premotor cortex during mental rotation: an event-related fMRI study separating cognitive processing steps using a novel task paradigm.
Localizing the rostrolateral prefrontal cortex at the individual level.
Whole brain functional connectivity in the early blind.
Linear age-correlated functional development of right inferior fronto-striato-cerebellar networks during response inhibition and anterior cingulate during error-related processes.
Functional cortical changes of the sensorimotor network are associated with clinical recovery in multiple sclerosis.
Influence of emotional expression on memory recognition bias: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Gender differences in the cognitive control of emotion: An fMRI study.
An fMRI investigation of procedural learning in unaffected siblings of individuals with schizophrenia.
Differential engagement of anterior cingulate and adjacent medial frontal cortex in adept meditators and non-meditators.
The spatiotemporal dynamics of autobiographical memory: neural correlates of recall, emotional intensity, and reliving.
Kinesthetic working memory and action control within the dorsal stream.
Activity in right temporo-parietal junction is not selective for theory-of-mind.
Neural correlates of mapping from phonology to orthography in children performing an auditory spelling task
Disgust sensitivity predicts the insula and pallidal response to pictures of disgusting foods.
Human limb-specific and non-limb-specific brain representations during kinesthetic illusory movements of the upper and lower extremities.
Erythropoietin reduces neural and cognitive processing of fear in human models of antidepressant drug action.
The cognitive control network: Integrated cortical regions with dissociable functions.
Functional anatomy of motor urgency
A structural neural deficit in adolescents with conduct disorder and its association with lack of empathy.
The relation of brain oscillations to attentional networks.
Anatomical correlates of sentence comprehension and verbal working memory in neurodegenerative disease.
Dissociating timing and coordination as functions of the cerebellum.
Working memory effects on semantic processing: Priming differences in pars orbitalis
Spontaneous Low-Frequency Fluctuations in the BOLD Signal in Schizophrenic Patients: Anomalies in the Default Network
When brightness counts: the neuronal correlate of numerical-luminance interference.
The Extended Language Network: A Meta-Analysis of Neuroimaging Studies on Text Comprehension
Cerebral changes and cognitive dysfunctions in medication-free schizophrenia – An fMRI study
Functional connectivity of the hippocampus in elderly with mild memory dysfunction carrying the APOE epsilon4 allele.
The effect of doxapram on brain imaging in patients with panic disorder.
Working memory and syntax interact in Broca's area.
Progressive atrophy in the optic pathway and visual cortex of early blind Chinese adults: A voxel-based morphometry magnetic resonance imaging study
Cerebral activation during motor imagery in complex regional pain syndrome type 1 with dystonia.
Face adaptation aftereffects reveal anterior medial temporal cortex role in high level category representation.
Morphological substrate of face matching in healthy ageing and mild cognitive impairment: a combined MRI-fMRI study.
Age-dependent changes in the neural correlates of force modulation: An fMRI study
Detecting hippocampal hypometabolism in Mild Cognitive Impairment using automatic voxel-based approaches
Localized grey matter damage in early primary progressive multiple sclerosis contributes to disability
Neural responses to auditory stimulus deviance under threat of electric shock revealed by spatially-filtered magnetoencephalography.
Differential activation of the dorsal striatum by high-calorie visual food stimuli in obese individuals.
β-adrenergic modulation of oddball responses in humans
Increased prefrontal activation during pain perception in major depression.
Valence-specific regulation effects in a working memory task with emotional context
Negative words enhance recognition in nonclinical high dissociators: An fMRI study
Pediatric OCD structural brain deficits in conflict monitoring circuits: A voxel-based morphometry study
Relationship between regional brain metabolism, illness severity and age in depressed subjects
Resolving sentence ambiguity with planning and working memory resources: Evidence from fMRI.
Activation of the hypothalamus characterizes the response to acupuncture stimulation in heroin addicts.
FDG-PET in never-previously medicated psychotic adolescents treated with olanzapine or haloperidol.
Hemodynamic brain correlates of disgust and fear ratings.
Artifact correction and source analysis of early electroencephalographic responses evoked by transcranial magnetic stimulation over primary motor cortex
The motor system shows adaptive changes in complex regional pain syndrome.
A common neural substrate for perceiving and knowing about color.
Lateralized anterior cingulate function during error processing and conflict monitoring as revealed by high-resolution fMRI.
Distinct brain networks for adaptive and stable task control in humans.
Modulation of emotional appraisal by false physiological feedback during fMRI.
Thalamo-cortical dysfunction in cocaine abusers: implications in attention and perception.
Temporally Graded Activation of Neocortical Regions in Response to Memories of Different Ages
Temporal lobe dysfunction in medication-naive boys with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder during attention allocation and its relation to response variability.
Frontal and limbic activation during inhibitory control predicts treatment response in major depressive disorder.
Striatal grey matter increase in patients suffering from fibromyalgia – A voxel-based morphometry study
HPA axis dysfunction in unmedicated major depressive disorder and its normalization by pharmacotherapy correlates with alteration of neural activity in prefrontal cortex and limbic/paralimbic regions
The role of immediate and final goals in action planning: an fMRI study.
Event-related beamforming: A robust method for presurgical functional mapping using MEG
A functional MRI study of a paced motor activation task to evaluate frontal-subcortical circuit function in bipolar depression.
Modulation of anticipatory emotion and perception processing by cognitive control.
Organization of felt and seen pain responses in anterior cingulate cortex.
Reduced microstructural integrity of the white matter underlying anterior cingulate cortex is associated with increased saccadic latency in schizophrenia.
Processing prosodic boundaries in natural and hummed speech: an FMRI study.
Brain areas selective for both observed and executed movements
Frontoparietal activation with preparation for antisaccades.
Activity in the posterior parietal cortex mediates visual dominance over kinesthesia.
Localizing pre-attentive auditory memory-based comparison: Magnetic mismatch negativity to pitch change
Changes in cortical activity after training of working memory — a single-subject analysis
Studying the human somatosensory hand area: A new way to compare fMRI and MEG.
Developmental differences in white matter architecture between boys and girls.
A comparison of brain activation patterns during covert and overt paced auditory serial addition test tasks.
Low frequency BOLD fluctuations during resting wakefulness and light sleep: a simultaneous EEG-fMRI study.
A Meta-Analytic Study of Changes in Brain Activation in Depression
Modafinil-induced hippocampal activation in narcolepsy
Model-free analysis of brain fMRI data by recurrence quantification.
A longitudinal functional magnetic resonance imaging study of verbal working memory in depression after antidepressant therapy.
Fronto-limbic dysfunction in response to facial emotion in borderline personality disorder: an event-related fMRI study.
Correlation between insula activation and self-reported quality of orgasm in women.
Spontaneous activity associated with primary visual cortex: a resting-state FMRI study.
A network for audio-motor coordination in skilled pianists and non-musicians.
Medial temporal lobe activations during associative memory encoding for arbitrary and semantically related object pairs.
I'm not as slim as that girl: neural bases of body shape self-comparison to media images.
Atrophy progression in semantic dementia with asymmetric temporal involvement: a tensor-based morphometry study.
Full scenes produce more activation than close-up scenes and scene-diagnostic objects in parahippocampal and retrosplenial cortex: an fMRI study.
The voice of emotion: an FMRI study of neural responses to angry and happy vocal expressions.
Hierarchical coding of letter strings in the ventral stream: dissecting the inner organization of the visual word-form system.
fMRI reveals how pain modulates visual object processing in the ventral visual stream.
On sense and reference: examining the functional neuroanatomy of referential processing.
DRD4 VNTR polymorphism is associated with transient fMRI-BOLD responses to smoking cues.
Modulation of pain ratings by expectation and uncertainty: Behavioral characteristics and anticipatory neural correlates
Nonvisual Motor Learning Influences Abstract Action Observation
Contralateral visual hemifield representations in the human pulvinar nucleus.
Natural vision reveals regional specialization to local motion and to contrast-invariant, global flow in the human brain.
Activating the medial temporal lobe during oddity judgment for faces and scenes.
Common and distinct brain activation to viewing dynamic sequences of face and hand movements.
Oxytocin attenuates amygdala responses to emotional faces regardless of valence.
Silence is golden: transient neural deactivation in the prefrontal cortex during attentive reading.
Forgetting as an active process: an FMRI investigation of item-method-directed forgetting.
The effect of prior visual information on recognition of speech and sounds.
Changes in brain activation during working memory and facial recognition tasks in patients with bipolar disorder with Lamotrigine monotherapy.
Different cortical activations during visuospatial attention and the intention to perform a saccade.
The neural correlates of non-spatial working memory in velocardiofacial syndrome (22q11.2 deletion syndrome).
The different neural correlates of action and functional knowledge in semantic memory: an FMRI study.
Single dose antidepressant administration modulates the neural processing of self-referent personality trait words.
Ageing and early-stage Parkinson's disease affect separable neural mechanisms of mesolimbic reward processing.
Direct instrumental conditioning of neural activity using functional magnetic resonance imaging-derived reward feedback.
Distinct mechanisms of altered brain activation in patients with multiple sclerosis.
Functional neuroanatomy of deductive inference: A language-independent distributed network
Cortical mechanism of communicative speech production.
Retinotopic maps and foveal suppression in the visual cortex of amblyopic adults
Functional disintegration in paranoid schizophrenia using resting-state fMRI
Sex differences in cortical and subcortical recruitment during simple and complex motor control: An fMRI study
Voxel-based mapping of brain gray matter volume and glucose metabolism profiles in normal aging
Prefrontal cortex function in non-psychotic siblings of individuals with schizophrenia
Remembering the specific visual details of presented objects: Neuroimaging evidence for effects of emotion
An fMRI study of the reverse perspective illusion.
Sustained neural activity patterns during working memory in the human medial temporal lobe.
A repetition suppression effect lasting several days within the semantic network.
Developmental dyslexia: gray matter abnormalities in the occipitotemporal cortex.
Brain response to visual sexual stimuli in heterosexual and homosexual males.
Posterior cingulate activation during moral dilemma in adolescents.
Neural processing of threat cues in social environments.
Cerebral correlates of muscle tone fluctuations in restless legs syndrome: A pilot study with combined functional magnetic resonance imaging and anterior tibial muscle electromyography
Feature-based attentional modulations in the absence of direct visual stimulation.
Cultural and linguistic effects on neural bases of 'Theory of Mind' in American and Japanese children.
Comparison of "silent" clustered and sparse temporal fMRI acquisitions in tonal and speech perception tasks.
Expectation modulates human brain responses to acute cocaine: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Altered neural network supporting declarative long-term memory in mild cognitive impairment.
fMRI at 7 T: whole-brain coverage and signal advantages even infratentorially?
Different neuronal networks are associated with spikes and slow activity in hypsarrhythmia.
Neural Substrates of Dynamic Object Occlusion
“I Know You Are But What Am I?!”: Neural Bases of Self- and Social Knowledge Retrieval in Children and Adults
Impaired activation of face processing networks revealed by functional magnetic resonance imaging in 22q11.2 deletion syndrome.
Neural representation of object location and route direction: an event-related fMRI study.
A larynx area in the human motor cortex.
The representation of blinking movement in cingulate motor areas: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
The functional integration of the anterior cingulate cortex during conflict processing.
The relationship between study processing and the effects of cue congruency at retrieval: fMRI support for transfer appropriate processing.
Making sense of nonsense: an fMRI study of task induced inference processes during discourse comprehension.
Thinking on luxury or pragmatic brand products: Brain responses to different categories of culturally based brands.
Examining ventral and dorsal prefrontal function in bipolar disorder: A functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Cerebral processing of histamine-induced itch using short-term alternating temperature modulation--an FMRI study.
Power and sample size calculation for neuroimaging studies by non-central random field theory.
Human brain activation in response to olfactory stimulation by intravenous administration of odorants.
Audiovisual integration of emotional signals in voice and face: an event-related fMRI study.
Knowing when to stop: the brain mechanisms of chasing losses.
Saccular stimulation of the human cortex: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Neural mechanisms involved in the comprehension of metaphoric and literal sentences: an fMRI study.
Directed Cortical Information Flow during Human Object Recognition: Analyzing Induced EEG Gamma-Band Responses in Brain's Source Space
Hemodynamic cerebral correlates of sleep spindles during human non-rapid eye movement sleep.
Human MST but not MT responds to tactile stimulation.
Task and semantic relationship influence both the polarity and localization of hemodynamic modulation during lexico-semantic processing
Neural correlates of prospective memory across the lifespan
A Common Neural Network for Cognitive Reserve In Verbal and Object Working Memory In Young But Not Old
Role of prefrontal and parietal cortices in associative learning.
Elevated serotonin transporter binding in major depressive disorder assessed using positron emission tomography and [11C]DASB; comparison with bipolar disorder.
The role of the preSMA and the rostral cingulate zone in internally selected actions.
Waiting for spiders: brain activation during anticipatory anxiety in spider phobics.
Consequences of hippocampal damage across the autobiographical memory network in left temporal lobe epilepsy.
Dopaminergic modulation of cognitive interference after pharmacological washout in Parkinson's disease
Voxel-based morphometry to detect brain atrophy in progressive mild cognitive impairment
The temporal sequence of evoked and induced cortical responses to implied-motion processing in human motion area V5/MT+.
Deactivation of the limbic system during acute psychosocial stress: evidence from positron emission tomography and functional magnetic resonance imaging studies.
The functional neuroanatomy of maternal love: mother's response to infant's attachment behaviors.
Unsupervised analysis of fMRI data using kernel canonical correlation.
Unmixing concurrent EEG-fMRI with parallel independent component analysis.
The neural substrates of affective processing toward positive and negative affective pictures in patients with major depressive disorder
Comprehension of implicit meanings in social situations involving irony: a functional MRI study.
Human cortical representations for reaching: mirror neurons for execution, observation, and imagery.
Is Gray Matter Volume an Intermediate Phenotype for Schizophrenia? A Voxel-Based Morphometry Study of Patients with Schizophrenia and Their Healthy Siblings
Impact of individual cognitive profile on visuo-motor reorganization in relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis.
Functional anatomy of visuo-spatial working memory during mental rotation is influenced by sex, menstrual cycle, and sex steroid hormones
Human cortical representation of oral temperature
Inter-relationships between attention, activation, fMR adaptation and long-term memory.
Impact of the COMT Val108/158 Met and DAT genotypes on prefrontal function in healthy subjects.
Decomposition of working memory-related scalp ERPs: crossvalidation of fMRI-constrained source analysis and ICA.
Functional magnetic resonance imaging of brain activity during chewing and occlusion by natural teeth and occlusal splints
Neural correlates of associative learning and memory in veterans with posttraumatic stress disorder
Imaging the changing role of feedback during learning in decision-making.
Prefrontal involvement in imitation learning of hand actions: effects of practice and expertise.
Anatomically related grey and white matter abnormalities in adolescent-onset schizophrenia.
Failure to regulate: counterproductive recruitment of top-down prefrontal-subcortical circuitry in major depression.
Are numbers special? Comparing the generation of verbal materials from ordered categories (months) to numbers and other categories (animals) in an fMRI study.
Heritability of anterior cingulate response to conflict: an fMRI study in female twins.
Relation of white matter anisotropy to visual memory in 17 healthy subjects.
Facial expression and gaze-direction in human superior temporal sulcus.
Frontal theta EEG activity correlates negatively with the default mode network in resting state.
Atypical neural substrates of Embedded Figures Task performance in children with Autism Spectrum Disorder.
Inefficient executive cognitive control in schizophrenia is preceded by altered functional activation during information encoding: an fMRI study.
A parietal-temporal sensory-motor integration area for the human vocal tract: evidence from an fMRI study of skilled musicians.
Normal aging decreases regional homogeneity of the motor areas in the resting state.
Individual differences and the neural representations of reward expectation and reward prediction error.
Adolescent development of the neural circuitry for thinking about intentions
Occipitoparietal contributions to recognition memory: stimulus encoding prompted by verbal instructions and operant contingencies
Neural basis of syntactic processing of simple sentences in Japanese.
Homosexual women have less grey matter in perirhinal cortex than heterosexual women.
Selective Activation Around the Left Occipito-Temporal Sulcus for Words Relative to Pictures: Individual Variability or False Positives?
Role of features and second-order spatial-relations in face discrimination, face recognition, and individual face skills: Behavioral and fMRI data
Cerebral processing of gustatory stimuli in patients with taste loss.
Itch induced by a novel method leads to limbic deactivations a functional MRI study.
To do or not to do: the neural signature of self-control.
Visual half-field experiments are a good measure of cerebral language dominance if used properly: Evidence from fMRI
Effects of aging on true and false memory formation: an fMRI study.
Quantification of pain-induced changes in cerebral blood flow by perfusion MRI.
Neural activation associated with corrective saccades during tasks with fixation, pursuit and saccades.
Orienting and maintenance of spatial attention in audition and vision: multimodal and modality-specific brain activations.
Modality-independent involvement of the left BA 44 during lexical decision making.
Reduced neuronal efficacy in progressive mild cognitive impairment: a prospective fMRI study on visuospatial processing.
A functional magnetic resonance imaging investigation of uncertainty in adolescents with anxiety disorders.
Altered emotional interference processing in affective and cognitive-control brain circuitry in major depression.
Hypometabolism and Altered Cerebrospinal Fluid Markers in Normal Apolipoprotein E E4 Carriers with Subjective Memory Complaints
Brain structural changes in schizophrenia patients with persistent hallucinations.
Activity in medial prefrontal cortex during cognitive evaluation of threatening stimuli as a function of personality style
A frontoparietal network for spatial attention reorienting in the auditory domain: a human fMRI/MEG study of functional and temporal dynamics.
Functional interactions between prefrontal and visual association cortex contribute to top-down modulation of visual processing.
Exogenous testosterone enhances responsiveness to social threat in the neural circuitry of social aggression in humans.
Decomposing the neural correlates of antisaccade eye movements using event-related FMRI.
Action outcomes are represented in human inferior frontoparietal cortex.
Differential recruitment of the hippocampus, medial prefrontal cortex, and the human motion complex during path integration in humans.
Personality, gender and brain oscillations.
Anticipation of novelty recruits reward system and hippocampus while promoting recollection.
Cortical activation during motor imagery is reduced in Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis.
Tit-for-tat: the neural basis of reactive aggression.
Widespread disruption in brain activation patterns to a working memory task during cocaine abstinence.
Opposing influences of emotional and non-emotional distracters upon sustained prefrontal cortex activity during a delayed-response working memory task.
Recovery from spinal cord injury differs between rat strains in a major histocompatibility complex-independent manner.
Domain-specific retrieval of source information in the medial temporal lobe.
Brain imaging of analgesic and antihyperalgesic effects of cyclooxygenase inhibition in an experimental human pain model: a functional MRI study.
An fMRI investigation into the neural mechanisms of spatial attentional selection in a location-based negative priming task.
Probing the transformation of discontinuous associations into episodic memory: an event-related fMRI study.
Subfield-specific loss of hippocampal N-acetyl aspartate in temporal lobe epilepsy.
Common brain regions underlying different arithmetic operations as revealed by conjunct fMRI-BOLD activation.
Neural processes underlying intuitive coherence judgments as revealed by fMRI on a semantic judgment task.
Evidence for Acquired Pregenual Anterior Cingulate Gray Matter Loss from A Twin Study of Combat-Related Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder
Brain activity associated with dual-task management differs depending on the combinations of response modalities
Evidence of Slow Maturation of the Superior Longitudinal Fasciculus in Early Childhood by Diffusion Tensor Imaging
Influence of trait anxiety on inhibitory control in alcohol-dependent patients: Simultaneous acquisition of ERPs and BOLD responses
Multivariate deformation-based analysis of brain atrophy to predict Alzheimer's disease in mild cognitive impairment
Differential effects of erythropoietin on neural and cognitive measures of executive function 3 and 7 days post-administration.
Processing the socially relevant parts of faces
No language-specific activation during linguistic processing of observed actions.
Meta-analysis of Go/No-go tasks demonstrating that fMRI activation associated with response inhibition is task-dependent.
Individual differences in mathematical competence predict parietal brain activation during mental calculation.
Blunted activation in right ventrolateral prefrontal cortex during motor response inhibition in schizophrenia.
Dorsolateral prefrontal cortex dysfunction in presymptomatic Huntington's disease: evidence from event-related fMRI.
Neurocognitive endophenotypes of obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Common and differential ventrolateral prefrontal activity during inhibition of hand and eye movements.
Cross-modal integration of intranasal stimuli: A functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Gender difference in neural response to psychological stress
Paroxetine-induced modulation of cortical activity supporting language representations of action.
Self-paced frequency of a simple motor task and brain activation
Processing of multisensory spatial congruency can be dissociated from working memory and visuo-spatial attention.
A novel approach to study audiovisual integration in speech perception: localizer fMRI and sparse sampling.
Experiencing past and future personal events: functional neuroimaging evidence on the neural bases of mental time travel.
Cortical activation in hemianopia after stroke.
Frontolimbic serotonin 2A receptor binding in healthy subjects is associated with personality risk factors for affective disorder.
Anterior cingulate cortex modulates preparatory activation during certain anticipation of negative picture.
White matter abnormalities associated with auditory hallucinations in schizophrenia: A combined study of voxel-based analyses of diffusion tensor imaging and structural magnetic resonance imaging
Neural Basis of the Ventriloquist Illusion
Developmental changes in activation and effective connectivity in phonological processing
Greater Activation of the “Default” Brain Regions Predicts Stop Signal Errors
Cerebral blood flow associated with creative performance: A comparative study
Imbalance between left and right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in major depression is linked to negative emotional judgment: an fMRI study in severe major depressive disorder.
Cingulate-precuneus interactions: a new locus of dysfunction in adult attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.
The neural bases of emotion regulation: reappraisal and suppression of negative emotion.
Motor deactivation in the human cortex and basal ganglia
Population-level inferences for distributed MEG source localization under multiple constraints: application to face-evoked fields.
Neural system for updating object working memory from different sources: sensory stimuli or long-term memory.
Common regions of dorsal anterior cingulate and prefrontal-parietal cortices provide attentional control of distracters varying in emotionality and visibility.
Preparatory neural activity predicts performance on a conflict task.
Gray matter volume differences and the effects of smoking on gray matter in schizophrenia
Mixed-effect statistics for group analysis in fMRI: a nonparametric maximum likelihood approach.
Repetition priming without identification of the primes: evidence for a component process view of priming.
Individual Differences in Sentence Comprehension: A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Investigation of Syntactic and Lexical Processing Demands
Thalamic metabolism and symptom onset in preclinical Huntington’s disease
An fMRI study on memory discriminability for complex visual scenes.
Cueing method biases in visual detection studies.
Neural Correlates of Impulse Control During Stop Signal Inhibition in Cocaine-Dependent Men
Spatial and temporal analysis of fMRI data on word and sentence reading.
Gaze pursuit, 'attention pursuit' and their effects on cortical activations.
'Eavesdropping' on social interactions biases threat perception in visuospatial pathways.
Delay activity and sensory-motor translation during planned eye or hand movements to visual or tactile targets.
Separable neural mechanisms contribute to feedback processing in a rule-learning task.
Individual differences in EEG theta and alpha dynamics during working memory correlate with fMRI responses across subjects
Symptom provocation and reduction in patients suffering from spider phobia: an fMRI study on exposure therapy.
Neural basis of generation of conclusions in elementary deduction.
fMRI during natural sleep as a method to study brain function during early childhood
Neural mechanisms of proactive interference-resolution.
Functional brain interactions that serve cognitive-affective processing during pain and placebo analgesia
Brain macrostructural and microstructural abnormalities in cocaine dependence.
Ageing-related changes of neural activity associated with spatial contextual memory.
Memory of music: roles of right hippocampus and left inferior frontal gyrus.
Visual speech circuits in profound acquired deafness: a possible role for latent multimodal connectivity.
Primary and secondary neural networks of auditory prepulse inhibition: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study of sensorimotor gating of the human acoustic startle response.
Effect of Alzheimer Disease Risk on Brain Function During Self-Appraisal in Healthy Middle-Aged Adults
An fMRI study of brain activation in a visual adaptation task: activation limited to sensory guidance.
Reproducible activation in BA2, 1 and 3b associated with texture discrimination in healthy volunteers over time
Atypical involvement of frontostriatal systems during sensorimotor control in autism.
Global familiarity of visual stimuli affects repetition-related neural plasticity but not repetition priming.
Imaging brain and immune association accompanying cognitive appraisal of an acute stressor.
Preparatory activity in occipital cortex in early blind humans predicts auditory perceptual performance.
Frontal eye fields involved in shifting frame of reference within working memory for scenes.
Neural correlates of emotional working memory in patients with mild cognitive impairment.
The neural circuitry mediating shifts in behavioral response and cognitive set in autism.
Regional specificity and practice: dynamic changes in object and spatial working memory.
fMRI evidence for both generalized and specialized components of attentional control.
Bilingual and Monolingual Brains Compared: A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Investigation of Syntactic Processing and a Possible “Neural Signature” of Bilingualism
Competition between functional brain networks mediates behavioral variability
Preservation of motor programs in paraplegics as demonstrated by attempted and imagined foot movements
Changes in white matter microstructure during adolescence.
The self in conflict: the role of executive processes during truthful and deceptive responses about attitudes.
Cortical representation of saccular vestibular stimulation: VEMPs in fMRI
The neural signature of social norm compliance.
Neuronal correlates of reward and loss in Cluster B personality disorders: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Cortical activity time locked to the shift and maintenance of spatial attention.
SELECTIVE VISUO-HAPTIC PROCESSING OF SHAPE AND TEXTURE
Neural correlates of noncanonical syntactic processing revealed by a picture-sentence matching task.
Que PASA? The posterior-anterior shift in aging.
Optimized voxel-based morphometry in children with developmental dyscalculia
Structural and functional abnormalities of the motor system in developmental stuttering
The neural bases of the short-term storage of verbal information are anatomically variable across individuals.
Serial organization of human behavior in the inferior parietal cortex.
Posteromedial parietal cortical activity and inputs predict tactile spatial acuity.
Taxi vs. Taksi: On orthographic word recognition in the left ventral occipitotemporal cortex
Functional neuronal processing of body odors differs from that of similar common odors.
Does caffeine modulate verbal working memory processes? An fMRI study.
Anomalous Cerebral Asymmetry in Patients with Schizophrenia Demonstrated by Voxel-Based Morphometry
The anatomical bases of semantic retrieval deficits in early Alzheimer's disease
Dissociating the neural mechanisms of memory-based guidance of visual selection.
Bihemispheric leftward bias in a visuospatial attention-related network.
Activations in visual and attention-related areas predict and correlate with the degree of perceptual learning.
How progesterone impairs memory for biologically salient stimuli in healthy young women.
Audiovisual temporal correspondence modulates human multisensory superior temporal sulcus plus primary sensory cortices.
Concordance between distributed EEG source localization and simultaneous EEG-fMRI studies of epileptic spikes.
Increased cerebellar activation during sequence learning in DYT1 carriers: an equiperformance study
Language control and lexical competition in bilinguals: an event-related FMRI study.
Bilateral generic working memory circuit requires left-lateralized addition for verbal processing.
Spatial Nonuniformity of the Resting CBF and BOLD Responses to Sevoflurane: In Vivo Study of Normal Human Subjects With Magnetic Resonance Imaging
Representation of UV-B-induced thermal and mechanical hyperalgesia in the human brain: a functional MRI study.
Differential contributions of the anterior temporal and medial temporal lobe to the retrieval of memory for person identity information.
Changes in neural activity associated with learning to articulate novel auditory pseudowords by covert repetition.
Pattern classification of sad facial processing: toward the development of neurobiological markers in depression.
Reduced behavioral and neural activation in stimulant users to different error rates during decision making.
Time, space and emotion: fMRI reveals content-specific activation during text comprehension.
The contribution of ventrolateral and dorsolateral prefrontal cortex to response reversal
Delayed match to object or place: An event-related fMRI study of short-term stimulus maintenance and the role of stimulus pre-exposure
Dissociated responses in the amygdala and orbitofrontal cortex to bottom-up and top-down components of emotional evaluation.
Neural correlates of working memory performance in adolescents and young adults with dyslexia.
The relationship between brain morphometry and neuropsychological performance in alcohol dependence.
Gender differences and age-related white matter changes of the human brain: A diffusion tensor imaging study
Imaging of odor perception delineates functional disintegration of the limbic circuits in mesial temporal lobe epilepsy.
Neural Correlates of Orthographic and Phonological Consistency Effects in Children
The mirror-neuron system and handedness: a "right" world?
Dissociation of neural correlates of verbal and non-verbal visual working memory with different delays
Neural mechanisms of spatial- and feature-based attention: A quantitative analysis
Normal database of dopaminergic neurotransmission system in human brain measured by positron emission tomography
Imaging of amyloid plaques and cerebral glucose metabolism in semantic dementia and Alzheimer’s disease
A dynamic object-processing network: metric shape discrimination of dynamic objects by activation of occipitotemporal, parietal, and frontal cortices.
An fMRI study on smooth pursuit and fixation suppression of the optokinetic reflex using similar visual stimulation.
Systemizing influences attentional processes during the Navon task: an fMRI study.
Neural correlates of primary and reflective consciousness of spatial orienting.
Neural correlates of incidental memory in mild cognitive impairment: An fMRI study
Why are friends special? Implementing a social interaction simulation task to probe the neural correlates of friendship.
Differences in cortical activity between methamphetamine-dependent and healthy individuals performing a facial affect matching task.
Cerebral processing of emotional prosody--influence of acoustic parameters and arousal.
Dorsal premotor cortex exerts state-dependent causal influences on activity in contralateral primary motor and dorsal premotor cortex
Comparing natural and constrained movements: new insights into the visuomotor control of grasping.
Fast reproducible identification and large-scale databasing of individual functional cognitive networks
Isolation of saccade inhibition processes: rapid event-related fMRI of saccades and nogo trials.
Electrophysiological evidence of doubly innervated branched muscle fibers in the human brachioradialis muscle
Neuroanatomical distribution of five semantic components of verbs: evidence from fMRI.
Evidence accumulation and the moment of recognition: dissociating perceptual recognition processes using fMRI.
Cortical network dynamics during source memory retrieval: current density imaging with individual MRI.
Brain network dynamics during error commission.
Auditory processing of different types of pseudo-words: an event-related fMRI study.
Comparison of evoked vs. spontaneous tics in a patient with trigeminal neuralgia (tic doloureux)
Leptin replacement alters brain response to food cues in genetically leptin-deficient adults.
Altered neural function in pediatric bipolar disorder during reversal learning
The neural substrate of the ideomotor principle: An event-related fMRI analysis
Trusting our memories: dissociating the neural correlates of confidence in veridical versus illusory memories.
Functional neuroanatomical investigation of vision-related acupuncture point specificity--a multisession fMRI study.
Precise discrimination of object position in the human pulvinar.
Visual target modulation of functional connectivity networks revealed by self-organizing group ICA.
Brain activation and defensive response mobilization during sustained exposure to phobia-related and other affective pictures in spider phobia.
Diffusion tensor imaging and tractwise fractional anisotropy statistics: quantitative analysis in white matter pathology
Attentional and linguistic interactions in speech perception.
Reward anticipation and outcomes in adult males with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.
A method for multi-group inter-participant correlation: abnormal synchrony in patients with schizophrenia during auditory target detection.
Central representation of the RIII flexion reflex associated with overt motor reaction: an fMRI study.
Neural correlates associated with intermanual transfer of sensorimotor adaptation.
Amygdala tractography predicts functional connectivity and learning during feedback-guided decision-making
Effects of cross-sex hormones on cerebral activation during language and mental rotation: An fMRI study in transsexuals.
A new device for tactile stimulation during fMRI.
Central representation of hyperalgesia from myofascial trigger point
Structural consequences of diffuse traumatic brain injury: A large deformation tensor-based morphometry study
Human superior parietal lobule is involved in somatic perception of bimanual interaction with an external object.
Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Evidence for Abnormalities in Response Selection in Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder: Differences in Activation Associated with Response Inhibition but Not Habitual Motor Response
Separable Forms of Reality Monitoring Supported by Anterior Prefrontal Cortex
Effector-dependent activity in the left dorsal premotor cortex in motor imagery.
Changed patterns of cerebral activation related to clinically normal hand movement in cervical dystonia
Neuroimaging of individuals with Down's syndrome at-risk for dementia: evidence for possible compensatory events.
Altered cerebral response to noxious heat stimulation in patients with somatoform pain disorder.
All for one but not one for all: how multiple number representations are recruited in one numerical task.
Maintaining structured information: an investigation into functions of parietal and lateral prefrontal cortices.
Brain Anatomy Differences in Childhood Stuttering
Structure-function interactions of correct retrieval in healthy elderly women.
Neural substrates of processing path and manner information of a moving event.
Proprio-tactile integration for kinesthetic perception: an fMRI study.
A cardiac signature of emotionality.
Imaging human supraspinal locomotor centers in brainstem and cerebellum.
The golden beauty: brain response to classical and renaissance sculptures.
A serial study of regional cerebral blood flow deficits in patients with left anterior thalamic infarction: anatomical and neuropsychological correlates.
Toward a functional neuroanatomy of premenstrual dysphoric disorder.
Neural substrates of visuomotor learning based on improved feedback control and prediction.
Saccade preparation signals in the human frontal and parietal cortices.
Understanding the neural computations of arbitrary visuomotor learning through fMRI and associative learning theory.
Where vision meets memory: prefrontal-posterior networks for visual object constancy during categorization and recognition.
fMRI BOLD Response to the Eyes Task in Offspring From Multiplex Alcohol Dependence Families
Neural mechanisms underlying auditory feedback control of speech
Sex differences in the serotonin 1A receptor and serotonin transporter binding in the human brain measured by PET
Is there continuity between categorical and coordinate spatial relations coding? Evidence from a grid/no-grid working memory paradigm.
Structural and functional MRI correlates of Stroop control in benign MS.
Stimulus-contrast-induced biases in activation order reveal interaction between V1/V2 and human MT+.
STN-stimulation in Parkinson's disease restores striatal inhibition of thalamocortical projection.
Neurobiological regret and rejoice functions for aversive outcomes.
Automatic independent component labeling for artifact removal in fMRI.
Composite voxel-based analysis of volume and T2 relaxometry in temporal lobe epilepsy
Flexible, capacity-limited activity of posterior parietal cortex in perceptual as well as visual short-term memory tasks.
Brain responses to violet, blue, and green monochromatic light exposures in humans: prominent role of blue light and the brainstem.
Syntactic and Thematic Constraint Effects on Blood Oxygenation Level Dependent Signal Correlates of Comprehension of Relative Clauses
Brain structure and function related to cognitive reserve variables in normal aging, mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer's disease.
Neural bases for impaired social cognition in schizophrenia and autism spectrum disorders.
Hemispheric asymmetries in eye-hand coordination.
Model-free characterization of brain functional networks for motor sequence learning using fMRI.
Subject's own name as a novel in a MMN design: A combined ERP and PET study
Neural activities in human somatosensory cortical areas evoked by acupuncture stimulation
Factors affecting the hippocampal BOLD response during spatial memory.
Brain response abnormalities during verbal learning among patients with schizophrenia.
Familiarity and conceptual priming engage distinct cortical networks.
How cognition modulates affective responses to taste and flavor: top-down influences on the orbitofrontal and pregenual cingulate cortices.
Male-to-female transsexuals show sex-atypical hypothalamus activation when smelling odorous steroids.
Vestibular nuclei and cerebellum put visual gravitational motion in context.
Escitalopram effects on insula and amygdala BOLD activation during emotional processing.
Enhanced resting-state brain activities in ADHD patients: A fMRI study
Effects of spatial smoothing on fMRI group inferences
Nonlinear neurobiological probability weighting functions for aversive outcomes.
Probing overtly spoken language at sentential level: a comprehensive high-field BOLD-fMRI protocol reflecting everyday language demands.
Activation of the posterior cingulate by semantic priming: a co-registered ERP/fMRI study.
5-HT, prefrontal function and aging: fMRI of inhibition and acute tryptophan depletion.
The subcortical role of language processing. High level linguistic features such as ambiguity-resolution and the human brain; an fMRI study.
Evidence for deficient modulation of amygdala response by prefrontal cortex in bipolar mania.
Striatal dopamine transmission in healthy humans during a passive monetary reward task.
Motor ontology in representing gaze-object relations.
Human medial frontal cortex activity predicts learning from errors.
Neural correlates of visually induced self-motion illusion in depth.
Neurofunctional modulation of brain regions by distinct forms of motor cognition and movement features.
Neural correlates of cognitive inflexibility during task-switching in obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Paying attention to social meaning: an FMRI study.
Developmental increases in effective connectivity to brain regions involved in phonological processing during tasks with orthographic demands.
Neural correlates of a clinical continuous performance test
Neural bases of dysphoria in early Huntington's disease.
Gender differences in brain activity evoked by muscle and cutaneous pain: a retrospective study of single-trial fMRI data.
Electrical brain imaging evidences left auditory cortex involvement in speech and non-speech discrimination based on temporal features
Aging and the interaction of sensory cortical function and structure.
Selective neurophysiologic responses to music in instrumentalists with different listening biographies.
Abnormal diffusion of cerebral white matter in early blindness.
Combining fMRI and SNP data to investigate connections between brain function and genetics using parallel ICA.
Neural activations at the junction of the inferior frontal sulcus and the inferior precentral sulcus: interindividual variability, reliability, and association with sulcal morphology.
Voxel-based analysis of whole brain FLAIR at 3T detects focal cortical dysplasia.
Gender-dependent increases with healthy aging of the human cerebral cannabinoid-type 1 receptor binding using [18F]MK-9470 PET
Cholinesterase inhibition modulates visual and attentional brain responses in Alzheimer's disease and health.
The neural cost of the auditory perception of language switches: an event-related functional magnetic resonance imaging study in bilinguals.
Intolerance of uncertainty correlates with insula activation during affective ambiguity.
Neural representations of kinematic laws of motion: evidence for action-perception coupling.
Mirroring others' emotions relates to empathy and interpersonal competence in children.
A method for functional network connectivity among spatially independent resting-state components in schizophrenia.
The intrinsic functional organization of the brain is altered in autism.
Tonic and phasic electroencephalographic dynamics during continuous compensatory tracking
Somato-motor inhibitory processing in humans: An event-related functional MRI study
High frequency rTMS modulation of the sensorimotor networks: behavioral changes and fMRI correlates.
Abnormal connections in the supraspinal bladder control network in women with urge urinary incontinence.
What are you feeling? Using functional magnetic resonance imaging to assess the modulation of sensory and affective responses during empathy for pain.
Auditory task presentation reveals predominantly right hemispheric fMRI activation patterns during mental calculation.
Neural systems for executive and emotional processing are modulated by symptoms of posttraumatic stress disorder in Iraq War veterans.
Neural correlates of the processing of co-speech gestures.
Abnormal activity in hypothalamus and amygdala during humour processing in human narcolepsy with cataplexy.
Processing of inconsistent emotional information: an fMRI study.
Functional neuroanatomy of CCK-4-induced panic attacks in healthy volunteers.
Task-relevance and temporal synchrony between tactile and visual stimuli modulates cortical activity and motor performance during sensory-guided movement.
Re-entrant Projections Modulate Visual Cortex in Affective Perception: Evidence From Granger Causality Analysis
Differential patterns of cortical activation as a function of fluid reasoning complexity.
Improved application of independent component analysis to functional magnetic resonance imaging study via linear projection techniques.
Effective connectivity of the left BA 44, BA 45, and inferior temporal gyrus during lexical and phonological decisions identified with DCM.
Segmental processing in the human auditory dorsal stream.
Functional re-recruitment of dysfunctional brain areas predicts language recovery in chronic aphasia.
SENSE factors for reliable cortical thickness measurement.
Sucrose activates human taste pathways differently from artificial sweetener.
Dorsal stream development in motion and structure-from-motion perception.
Combined EEG-fMRI and tractography to visualise propagation of epileptic activity.
Prefrontal contributions to domain-general executive control processes during temporal context retrieval.
Automatization and working memory capacity in schizophrenia.
The topographical distribution of tissue injury in benign MS: A 3T multiparametric MRI study
Effect of retrieval effort and switching demand on fMRI activation during semantic word generation in schizophrenia.
Gastric distention activates satiety circuitry in the human brain
A hippocampal-parietal network for learning an ordered sequence.
Is our self based on reward? Self-relatedness recruits neural activity in the reward system.
Reorganization of the cerebro-cerebellar network of language production in patients with congenital left-hemispheric brain lesions.
Reduced error-related activation in two anterior cingulate circuits is related to impaired performance in schizophrenia.
Time course of blood oxygenation level–dependent signal response after theta burst transcranial magnetic stimulation of the frontal eye field
Using imagination to understand the neural basis of episodic memory.
Immediate reward bias in humans: fronto-parietal networks and a role for the catechol-O-methyltransferase 158(Val/Val) genotype.
Hypofrontality in subjects at high genetic risk of schizophrenia with depressive symptoms.
Neural correlates of envisioning emotional events in the near and far future.
The roles of "face" and "non-face" areas during individual face perception: evidence by fMRI adaptation in a brain-damaged prosopagnosic patient.
Independent vector analysis (IVA): multivariate approach for fMRI group study.
The effects of aging on the neural correlates of subjective and objective recollection.
Dissociated pathways for successful memory retrieval from the human parietal cortex: anatomical and functional connectivity analyses.
Voluntary and involuntary attention affect face discrimination differently.
Systems neuroplasticity in the aging brain: recruiting additional neural resources for successful motor performance in elderly persons.
Cortical dysfunction in patients with Huntington's disease during working memory performance.
Perception of dynamic changes in facial affect and identity in autism.
Controlled scanpath variation alters fusiform face activation.
Functional developmental similarities and differences in the neural correlates of verbal and nonverbal working memory tasks.
The influence of response conflict on error processing: evidence from event-related fMRI.
Conceptual knowledge in the brain: fMRI evidence for a featural organization.
Sensitivity to orthographic familiarity in the occipito-temporal region.
Reading normal and degraded words: contribution of the dorsal and ventral visual pathways.
Differences in saccade-evoked brain activation patterns with eyes open or eyes closed in complete darkness.
Mesmerizing memories: brain substrates of episodic memory suppression in posthypnotic amnesia.
Reduced brainstem inhibition during anticipated pelvic visceral pain correlates with enhanced brain response to the visceral stimulus in women with irritable bowel syndrome.
Increased neural response related to neutral faces in individuals at risk for psychosis.
Neural circuitry for accurate identification of facial emotions.
Profile of memory impairment and gray matter loss in amnestic mild cognitive impairment.
Gray matter reduction associated with psychopathology and cognitive dysfunction in unipolar depression: a voxel-based morphometry study.
Functional correlates of incoordination in patients with spinocerebellar ataxia 1: A preliminary fMRI study
In vivo SPECT imaging of vesicular acetylcholine transporter using [(123)I]-IBVM in early Alzheimer's disease.
Mesolimbic interaction of emotional valence and reward improves memory formation.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation and brain atrophy: a computer-based human brain model study
Sensory and cognitive mechanisms of change detection in the context of speech.
Gender differences in the mesocorticolimbic system during computer game-play
Sex differences in sensory gating of the thalamus during auditory interference of visual attention tasks
Narrative speech production: an fMRI study using continuous arterial spin labeling.
Metabolic evidence for remote inhibition in epilepsies with continuous spike-waves during sleep.
Evidence of fronto-temporal interactions for strategic inference processes during language comprehension
Neural correlates of unconditioned response diminution during Pavlovian conditioning
Cortical metabolic changes in the cerebellar variant of multiple system atrophy: A voxel-based FDG-PET study in 41 patients
Neural correlates of human virtue judgment.
Affective learning modulates spatial competition during low-load attentional conditions.
The neural correlates of the affective response to unreciprocated cooperation.
Novelty and target processing during an auditory novelty oddball: a simultaneous event-related potential and functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Neural correlates of affective processing in response to sad and angry facial stimuli in patients with major depressive disorder
Towards a sensorimotor aesthetics of performing art
Neural Correlates of Post-error Slowing during a Stop Signal Task: A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Are Attractive People Rewarding? Sex Differences in the Neural Substrates of Facial Attractiveness
Clock drawing performance and brain morphology in mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer's disease.
Does it look painful or disgusting? Ask your parietal and cingulate cortex.
Functional connectivity of default mode network components: correlation, anticorrelation, and causality.
Persistent default-mode network connectivity during light sedation.
Sex differences in brain activation to anticipated and experienced pain in the medial prefrontal cortex.
fMRI reveals altered auditory processing in manifest and premanifest Huntington's disease.
Prepulse inhibition and “psychosis-proneness” in healthy individuals: An fMRI study
Alterations of the visual pathways in congenital blindness.
Brain white matter tracts degeneration in Friedreich ataxia. An in vivo MRI study using tract-based spatial statistics and voxel-based morphometry
Syntactic gender processing in the human brain: A review and a model
Effective brain connectivity in children with reading difficulties during phonological processing.
Correlation of cognitive functions with voxel-based morphometry in patients with hippocampal sclerosis
fMRI evidence for a cortical hierarchy of pitch pattern processing.
Functional imaging studies of cognition using 99mTc-HMPAO SPECT: empirical validation using the n-back working memory paradigm
Low birthweight and preterm birth in young people with special educational needs: a magnetic resonance imaging analysis
A functional variant of the tryptophan hydroxylase 2 gene impacts working memory: a genetic imaging study.
Altered resting-state functional connectivity and anatomical connectivity of hippocampus in schizophrenia.
Neural bases of different cognitive strategies for facial affect processing in schizophrenia.
Neural codes for somatosensory two-point discrimination in inferior parietal lobule: an fMRI study.
A new verbal reports fMRI dichotic listening paradigm for studies of hemispheric asymmetry.
The interference of operant task performance by emotional distracters: an antagonistic relationship between the amygdala and frontoparietal cortices.
The neural substrates of person comparison--an fMRI study.
Differential occipital responses in early- and late-blind individuals during a sound-source discrimination task
Resilience after 9/11: multimodal neuroimaging evidence for stress-related change in the healthy adult brain.
Sex-linked neuroanatomical basis of human altruistic cooperativeness.
Rule-selection and action-selection have a shared neuroanatomical basis in the human prefrontal and parietal cortex.
Dissociation between explicit memory and configural memory in the human medial temporal lobe.
Brain activation for consonants and vowels.
The Brain Processing of Scratching
Neural correlates of derived relational responding on tests of stimulus equivalence
fMRI activation during episodic encoding and metacognitive appraisal across the lifespan: risk factors for Alzheimer's disease.
Syntax in a native language still continues to develop in adults: honorification judgment in Japanese.
Compromised fronto-striatal functioning in HIV: an fMRI investigation of semantic event sequencing.
Parietal activation during retrieval of abstract and concrete auditory information.
Digit somatotopy within cortical areas of the postcentral gyrus in humans.
Encoding, rehearsal, and recall in signers and speakers: shared network but differential engagement.
A developmental fMRI study of reading and repetition reveals changes in phonological and visual mechanisms over age.
Neuroanatomical Distinctions within the Semantic System during Sentence Comprehension: Evidence from functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging
An Event-Related fMRI Investigation of Voice-Onset Time Discrimination
Brain Activation during Eye Gaze Discrimination in Stable Schizophrenia
Changes in male brain responses to emotional faces from adolescence to middle age
Cortical circuits for silent speechreading in deaf and hearing people.
Parietal mapping of visuomotor transformations during human tool grasping.
COMT val158met genotype affects recruitment of neural mechanisms supporting fluid intelligence.
Broca's area plays a role in syntactic processing during Chinese reading comprehension.
Neuronal substrates of haptic shape encoding and matching: A functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Association of 5' end neuregulin-1 (NRG1) gene variation with subcortical medial frontal microstructure in humans.
Mapping white matter integrity and neurobehavioral correlates in children with fetal alcohol spectrum disorders.
Perspective taking to assess self-personality: what's modified in Alzheimer's disease?
Limbic and frontal cortical degeneration is associated with psychiatric symptoms in PINK1 mutation carriers.
Cerebral activation in children and adolescents with obsessive–compulsive disorder before and after treatment: A functional MRI study
Voxel-based diffusion tensor imaging in patients with mesial temporal lobe epilepsy and hippocampal sclerosis.
Genetically dependent modulation of serotonergic inactivation in the human prefrontal cortex.
Evidence of altered cortical and amygdala activation during social decision-making in schizophrenia.
Sex differences in neural processing of language among children.
Perception of biological motion in autism spectrum disorders.
Clozapine may partially compensate for task-related brain perfusion abnormalities in risperidone-resistant schizophrenia patients
Dynamic Neural Responses to Cue-Reactivity Paradigms in Heroin-Dependent Users: An fMRI Study
Segmentally arranged somatotopy within the face representation of human primary somatosensory cortex.
Brain responses to auditory and visual stimulus offset: shared representations of temporal edges.
The creative brain: investigation of brain activity during creative problem solving by means of EEG and FMRI.
Acquired focal brain lesions in childhood: effects on development and reorganization of language.
Revealing modular architecture of human brain structural networks by using cortical thickness from MRI.
Is the extrastriate body area (EBA) sensitive to the perception of pain in others?
Effects of the cholinergic agonist nicotine on reorienting of visual spatial attention and top-down attentional control
The Visual Word Form Area: evidence from an fMRI study of implicit processing of Chinese characters.
Neuroanatomical correlates of motor acquisition and motor transfer.
Autobiographical Memory Retrieval and Hippocampal Activation as a Function of Repetition and the Passage of Time
Resurrecting Brinley Plots for a Novel Use: Meta-Analyses of Functional Brain Imaging Data in Older Adults
Age-related differences in regional brain volumes: A comparison of optimized voxel-based morphometry to manual volumetry
A selective representation of the meaning of actions in the auditory mirror system.
Dissociable neural activity to self- vs. externally administered thermal hyperalgesia: a parametric fMRI study.
Left mid-ventrolateral prefrontal cortex: underlying principles of function.
Detection of unexpected events during spatial navigation in humans: bottom-up attentional system and neural mechanisms.
Recruitment of anterior and posterior structures in lexical-semantic processing: an fMRI study comparing implicit and explicit tasks.
Knowing about tools: neural correlates of tool familiarity and experience.
CHOLESTEROL-RELATED GENETIC RISK SCORES ARE ASSOCIATED WITH HYPOMETABOLISM IN ALZHEIMER’S-AFFECTED BRAIN REGIONS
Greater intake of vitamins B6 and B12 spares gray matter in healthy elderly: a voxel-based morphometry study.
Neural activities for negative priming with affective stimuli: an fMRI study.
Maturational changes in anterior cingulate and frontoparietal recruitment support the development of error processing and inhibitory control.
The role of the posterior superior temporal sulcus in audiovisual processing.
The extraction of 3D shape from texture and shading in the human brain.
Age-related differences in brain activity during verbal recency memory.
Phonological processing in deaf signers and the impact of age of first language acquisition.
Effects of stimulus difficulty and repetition on printed word identification: An fMRI comparison of Non-Impaired and Reading Disabled Adolescent cohorts
The short and long of it: Neural correlates of temporal-order memory for autobiographical events
Hand and mouth: Cortical correlates of lexical processing in British Sign Language and speechreading English
Mapping a multidimensional emotion in response to television commercials.
Psychopathy as a disorder of the moral brain: Fronto-temporo-limbic grey matter reductions demonstrated by voxel-based morphometry
The capacity constraint in the prefrontal and parietal regions for coordinating dual arithmetic tasks.
Anterior cingulate cortex signals the requirement to break inertia when switching tasks: a study of the bivalency effect.
Ventro-lateral prefrontal activity during working memory is modulated by MAO A genetic variation.
Distinct roles for lateral and medial rostral prefrontal cortex in source monitoring of perceived and imagined events
The influence of syllable onset complexity and syllable frequency on speech motor control.
Brain imaging of acupuncture: comparing superficial with deep needling.
Atopic myelitis with focal amyotrophy: a possible link to Hopkins syndrome.
Nicotinic α4β2 receptor binding in dementia with Lewy bodies using123I-5IA-85380 SPECT demonstrates a link between occipital changes and visual hallucinations
Overactivation of fear systems to neutral faces in schizophrenia.
Reduced posterior mesofrontal cortex activation by risky rewards in substance-dependent patients.
Specialisation in Broca's region for semantic, phonological, and syntactic fluency?
Deficits in learning and memory: Parahippocampal hyperactivity and frontocortical hypoactivity in cannabis users
Proprioceptive head posture-related processing in human polysensory cortical areas.
Functional coactivation map of the human brain.
When vocal processing gets emotional: on the role of social orientation in relevance detection by the human amygdala.
Cerebral connectivity and psychotic personality traits. A diffusion tensor imaging study.
A Specific and Rapid Neural Signature for Parental Instinct
Neural substrates of spontaneous musical performance: an FMRI study of jazz improvisation.
When a Thought Equals a Look: Refreshing Enhances Perceptual Memory
Age-related Differences in Brain Activity during True and False Memory Retrieval
Crossed cerebral lateralization for verbal and visuo-spatial function in a pair of handedness discordant monozygotic twins: MRI and fMRI brain imaging
An fMRI analysis of object priming and workload in the precuneus complex.
The cerebellum predicts the timing of perceptual events.
Communicative Signaling Activates ‘Broca's’ Homolog in Chimpanzees
Speaking of secrets and lies: the contribution of ventrolateral prefrontal cortex to vocal deception.
The spatial attention network interacts with limbic and monoaminergic systems to modulate motivation-induced attention shifts.
Semantic adaptation and competition during word comprehension.
The functional architecture of the left posterior and lateral prefrontal cortex in humans.
A genetic model for understanding higher order visual processing: functional interactions of the ventral visual stream in Williams syndrome.
Food-related neural circuitry in Prader-Willi syndrome: response to high- versus low-calorie foods.
Touch or pain? Spatio-temporal patterns of cortical fMRI activity following brief mechanical stimuli.
Valuating other people’s emotional face expression: a combined functional magnetic resonance imaging and electroencephalography study
A distinct [18F]MPPF PET profile in amnestic mild cognitive impairment compared to mild Alzheimer's disease
Additive effects of serotonin transporter and tryptophan hydroxylase-2 gene variation on neural correlates of affective processing.
Gray matter differences between pediatric obsessive-compulsive disorder patients and high-risk siblings: a preliminary voxel-based morphometry study.
Brain activity is similar during precision and power gripping with light force: an fMRI study.
Language affects patterns of brain activation associated with perceptual decision.
fMRI of optokinetic eye movements with and without a contribution of smooth pursuit.
Neural correlates of decision making with explicit information about probabilities and incentives in elderly healthy subjects.
An fMRI investigation of memory encoding in PTSD: influence of symptom severity.
Deficit in a neural correlate of reality monitoring in schizophrenia patients.
A rational account of memory predicts left prefrontal activation during controlled retrieval.
Unilateral vestibular failure suppresses cortical visual motion processing.
The maturing architecture of the brain's default network.
The Stroop effect in kana and kanji scripts in native Japanese speakers: an fMRI study.
Effects of shifting perspective of the self: an fMRI study.
Priming, response learning and repetition suppression
Speaking with a single cerebral hemisphere: fMRI language organization after hemispherectomy in childhood.
Human secondary somatosensory cortex is involved in the processing of somatosensory rare stimuli: an fMRI study.
False recognition of emotional stimuli is lateralised in the brain: An fMRI study
Covert orienting of attention and overt eye movements activate identical brain regions.
An fMRI study of theory of mind in schizophrenic patients with "passivity" symptoms.
Prospective memory and mesial temporal epilepsy associated with hippocampal sclerosis.
Emotional decision-making and its dissociable components in schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorder: a behavioural and MRI investigation.
Neural correlates of age-related changes in cortical neurophysiology.
Distinguishing specific sexual and general emotional effects in fMRI-subcortical and cortical arousal during erotic picture viewing.
Patterns of cerebral activation during olfactory and trigeminal stimulations.
Developmental differences of neurocognitive networks for phonological and semantic processing in Chinese word reading.
Neural correlates of subliminal and supraliminal letter processing—An event-related fMRI study
Origins of spatial working memory deficits in schizophrenia: an event-related FMRI and near-infrared spectroscopy study.
Personality-dependent dissociation of absolute and relative loss processing in orbitofrontal cortex.
Neural correlates of cognitive fatigue in multiple sclerosis using functional MRI.
Acupuncture modulates resting state connectivity in default and sensorimotor brain networks.
Glucose metabolic changes in the prefrontal cortex are associated with HPA axis response to a psychosocial stressor
Spatiotemporal frequency tuning of BOLD and gamma band MEG responses compared in primary visual cortex.
Capture of auditory motion by vision is represented by an activation shift from auditory to visual motion cortex.
Appetitive motivation predicts the neural response to facial signals of aggression.
What activates the human mirror neuron system during observation of artificial movements: bottom-up visual features or top-down intentions?
Separable Substrates for Anticipatory and Consummatory Food Chemosensation
An fMRI study in monozygotic twins discordant for obsessive-compulsive symptoms.
The neural correlates of verbal encoding and retrieval in monozygotic twins at low or high risk for depression and anxiety.
Classification images reveal the information sensitivity of brain voxels in fMRI.
The neural basis of belief encoding and integration in moral judgment.
Brain structure and symptom dimension relationships in obsessive-compulsive disorder: a voxel-based morphometry study.
Experience-dependent neural substrates involved in vocal pitch regulation during singing
Memory retrieval and the parietal cortex: a review of evidence from a dual-process perspective.
A bilateral cortico-bulbar network associated with breath holding in humans, determined by functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Multivariate and univariate neuroimaging biomarkers of Alzheimer's disease
The determiner congruency effect in language production investigated with functional MRI.
Aha!: The neural correlates of verbal insight solutions.
The neurophysiological bases of emotion: An fMRI study of the affective circumplex using emotion-denoting words.
Cortical and subcortical correlates of functional electrical stimulation of wrist extensor and flexor muscles revealed by fMRI.
Infection, Incest, and Iniquity: Investigating the Neural Correlates of Disgust and Morality
Mid-fusiform Activation during Object Discrimination Reflects the Process of Differentiating Structural Descriptions
Inefficiency in Self-organized Attentional Switching in the Normal Aging Population is Associated with Decreased Activity in the Ventrolateral Prefrontal Cortex
A Developmental Examination of Amygdala Response to Facial Expressions
Left posterior superior temporal gyrus participates specifically in accessing lexical phonology
Brain Volume Reductions within Multiple Cognitive Systems in Male Preterm Children at Age Twelve
Altered deactivation in individuals with genetic risk for Alzheimer's disease.
Guided saccades modulate face- and body-sensitive activation in the occipitotemporal cortex during social perception.
A novel MR-compatible device for providing forces to the human finger during functional neuroimaging studies.
Association between therapy outcome and right-hemispheric activation in chronic aphasia.
Modulation of brain resting-state networks by sad mood induction.
Gaze influences finger movement-related and visual-related activation across the human brain.
A decrease in brain activation associated with driving when listening to someone speak.
A study of visuospatial working memory pre- and post-Gonadotropin Hormone Releasing Hormone agonists (GnRHa) in young women
Modulation of the neural network involved in the processing of anger prosody: the role of task-relevance and social phobia.
Hippocampal dysfunction during free word association in male patients with schizophrenia.
Abstinent adolescent marijuana users show altered fMRI response during spatial working memory.
Five-dimensional neuroimaging: Localization of the time-frequency dynamics of cortical activity
Mapping the involvement of BA 4a and 4p during Motor Imagery.
Functional brain correlates of heterosexual paedophilia
Spatiotemporal patterns of oscillatory brain activity during auditory word recognition in children: A synthetic aperture magnetometry study
Motor planning, imagery, and execution in the distributed motor network: a time-course study with functional MRI.
Gray and white matter imbalance – Typical structural abnormality underlying classic autism?
Covariance-based subdivision of the human striatum using T1-weighted MRI.
Processing of sound location in human cortex.
Regulation of the neural circuitry of emotion by compassion meditation: effects of meditative expertise.
Middle short gyrus of the insula implicated in pain processing
Functional imaging of decision conflict.
Mirror neuron system differentially activated by facial expressions and social hand gestures: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Abnormal neural activity in the patients with remitted geriatric depression: a resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Effects of an extra X chromosome on language lateralization: an fMRI study with Klinefelter men (47,XXY).
Neural correlates of true memory, false memory, and deception.
Spatial attention related SEP amplitude modulations covary with BOLD signal in S1--a simultaneous EEG--fMRI study.
The spatial characteristics of the painful thermal grill illusion
Right temporopolar activation associated with unique perception.
Epistasis between dopamine regulating genes identifies a nonlinear response of the human hippocampus during memory tasks.
Role of anterior cingulate cortex during semantic coding in verbal working memory.
Investigating signal integration with canonical correlation analysis of fMRI brain activation data.
Repetition suppression in occipital-temporal visual areas is modulated by physical rather than semantic features of objects.
Transient and linearly graded deactivation of the human default-mode network by a visual detection task.
Role of amygdala connectivity in the persistence of emotional memories over time: an event-related FMRI investigation.
Impaired semantic processing during sentence reading in children with dyslexia: Combined fMRI and ERP evidence
Effects of feature-selective attention on auditory pattern and location processing.
Ipsilateral cortical representation of tactile and painful information in acallosal and callosotomized subjects.
Anatomical substrates of cooperative joint-action in a continuous motor task: virtual lifting and balancing.
Impaired Medial Temporal Repetition Suppression is Related to Failure of Parietal Deactivation in Alzheimer Disease
Imagery or meaning? Evidence for a semantic origin of category-specific brain activity in metabolic imaging.
Activation of olfactory and trigeminal cortical areas following stimulation of the nasal mucosa with low concentrations of S(-)-nicotine vapor--an fMRI study on chemosensory perception.
Assimilation and accommodation patterns in ventral occipitotemporal cortex in learning a second writing system.
Brain dynamics for perception of tactile allodynia (touch-induced pain) in postherpetic neuralgia.
Dopamine depletion impairs frontostriatal functional connectivity during a set-shifting task.
Working memory for social cues recruits orbitofrontal cortex and amygdala: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study of delayed matching to sample for emotional expressions.
Distinct cortical anatomy linked to subregions of the medial temporal lobe revealed by intrinsic functional connectivity.
Task-dependent and task-independent neurovascular responses to syntactic processing.
Acquisition of a new bimanual coordination pattern modulates the cerebral activations elicited by an intrinsic pattern: an fMRI study.
Motor imagery: a window into the mechanisms and alterations of the motor system.
Delay-related cerebral activity and motor preparation.
Switching between colors and shapes on the basis of positive and negative feedback: an fMRI and EEG study on feedback-based learning.
Modeling motor connectivity using TMS/PET and structural equation modeling
Connectivity modulation of early visual processing areas during covert and overt tracking tasks.
Listening to musical rhythms recruits motor regions of the brain.
A structural-functional basis for dyslexia in the cortex of Chinese readers.
fMRI evidence for sensorimotor transformations in human cortex during smooth pursuit eye movements.
Brain activation in discourse comprehension: a 3t fMRI study.
Grey matter atrophy in early versus late dementia in Parkinson's disease
Neural correlates of age-related visual search decline: A combined ERP and sLORETA study
Is retaining the youthful functional anatomy underlying speed of information processing a signature of successful cognitive ageing? An event-related fMRI study of inspection time performance.
Longitudinal studies of semantic dementia: the relationship between structural and functional changes over time.
Unmyelinated tactile afferents have opposite effects on insular and somatosensory cortical processing.
Motor speech perception modulates the cortical language areas.
Amygdala responses to emotional faces in twins discordant or concordant for the risk for anxiety and depression.
Activity in face-responsive brain regions is modulated by invisible, attended faces: evidence from masked priming.
Medial temporal lobe involvement in an implicit memory task: evidence of collaborating implicit and explicit memory systems from FMRI and Alzheimer's disease.
Functional connectivity of human striatum: a resting state FMRI study.
Effects of chewing in working memory processing.
Interaction of working memory and long-term memory in the medial temporal lobe.
Minds, persons, and space: An fMRI investigation into the relational complexity of higher-order intentionality
Association between trait emotional awareness and dorsal anterior cingulate activity during emotion is arousal-dependent
Brains of anorexia nervosa patients process self-images differently from non-self-images: an fMRI study.
How verbal and spatial manipulation networks contribute to calculation: an fMRI study.
The neural correlates of change detection in the face perception network.
Light to moderate alcohol use is associated with increased cortical gray matter in middle-aged men: a voxel-based morphometric study.
Language lateralization in temporal lobe epilepsy using functional MRI and probabilistic tractography.
Reliability of fMRI for studies of language in post-stroke aphasia subjects.
The neural basis of response inhibition and attention allocation as mediated by gestational age.
Voluntary activation and cortical activity during a sustained maximal contraction: an fMRI study.
A cross-modal system linking primary auditory and visual cortices: evidence from intrinsic fMRI connectivity analysis.
Widespread reward-system activation in obese women in response to pictures of high-calorie foods.
Developmental changes in brain regions involved in phonological and orthographic processing during spoken language processing.
Hemispheric asymmetry of frequency-dependent suppression in the ipsilateral primary motor cortex during finger movement: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Regional gray matter abnormalities in panic disorder: a voxel-based morphometry study.
Nicotine-induced nystagmus correlates with midpontine activation.
Differential superior prefrontal activity on initial versus subsequent shifts in naive subjects.
Gray matter increase induced by practice correlates with task-specific activation: a combined functional and morphometric magnetic resonance imaging study.
Hippocampal activation during episodic and semantic memory retrieval: comparing category production and category cued recall.
Generation of novel motor sequences: the neural correlates of musical improvisation.
Cortical mechanisms of retinal and extraretinal smooth pursuit eye movements to different target velocities.
Differences in effective connectivity between dyslexic children and normal readers during a pseudoword reading task: an fMRI study.
Neurophysiological responses to traumatic reminders in the acute aftermath of serious motor vehicle collisions using [15O]-H2O PET
Prion protein M129V polymorphism affects retrieval-related brain activity
Attentional bias of competitive interactions in neuronal networks of early visual processing in the human brain
Variability of BOLD response evoked by foot vibrotactile stimulation: influence of vibration amplitude and stimulus waveform.
Where is a nose with respect to a foot? The left posterior parietal cortex processes spatial relationships among body parts.
Neural activation in cognitive motor processes: comparing motor imagery and observation of gymnastic movements.
Cooperation and deception recruit different subsets of the theory-of-mind network.
The neural substrate of gesture recognition.
Volumetric abnormalities associated with cognitive deficits in patients with schizophrenia
Minds at rest? Social cognition as the default mode of cognizing and its putative relationship to the “default system” of the brain
Brain activation in response to bladder filling and simultaneous stimulation of the dorsal clitoral nerve--an fMRI study in healthy women.
Role of left superior temporal gyrus during name recall process: An event-related fMRI study
Brain spontaneous functional connectivity and intelligence.
Simultaneous EEG-fMRI in drug-naive children with newly diagnosed absence epilepsy.
Anatomical Abnormalities of the Anterior Cingulate Cortex in Schizophrenia: Bridging the Gap Between Neuroimaging and Neuropathology
Anterior hippocampus orchestrates successful encoding and retrieval of non-relational memory: an event-related fMRI study.
Both the Hippocampus and Striatum Are Involved in Consolidation of Motor Sequence Memory
Know your place: neural processing of social hierarchy in humans.
Processing of social and monetary rewards in the human striatum.
Differences in areas of human frontal medial wall activated by left and right motor execution: Dipole-tracing analysis of grand-averaged potentials incorporated with MNI three-layer head model
Ventromedial prefrontal cortex processing during emotional evaluation in late-life depression: a longitudinal functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
White-matter vascular lesions correlate with alpha EEG sources in mild cognitive impairment.
Phonological working memory with auditory presentation of pseudo-words — An event related fMRI Study
Alteration of fractional anisotropy and apparent diffusion coefficient in obsessive–compulsive disorder: A diffusion tensor imaging study
Adaptive visual memory reorganization in right medial temporal lobe epilepsy.
Motor learning affects visual movement perception.
Feedback signals in the caudate reflect goal achievement on a declarative memory task.
Functional dissociation in right inferior frontal cortex during performance of go/no-go task.
The human brain distinguishes between single odorants and binary mixtures.
The human dorsal action control system develops in the absence of vision.
Enhanced processing of threat stimuli under limited attentional resources.
Why we like to drink: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study of the rewarding and anxiolytic effects of alcohol.
Anticipatory activity in anterior cingulate cortex can be independent of conflict and error likelihood.
Perceptuo-motor interactions during prehension movements.
Neural mechanisms involved in mental imagery and observation of gait.
Resting in peace or noise: scanner background noise suppresses default-mode network.
Default-mode network activity distinguishes amnestic type mild cognitive impairment from healthy aging: a combined structural and resting-state functional MRI study.
Abnormal recruitment of working memory updating networks during maintenance of trauma-neutral information in post-traumatic stress disorder
Prefrontal mechanisms for executive control over emotional distraction are altered in major depression.
Orbitofrontal and hippocampal contributions to memory for face-name associations: the rewarding power of a smile.
Effects of aging on functional connectivity of the amygdala during negative evaluation: a network analysis of fMRI data.
Functional MRI of oropharyngeal air-pulse stimulation
Cerebral correlates of motor imagery of normal and precision gait
Neural substrates of cognitive skill learning in Parkinson's disease.
Perceiving and naming actions and objects
Neural Organization of Linguistic Short-Term Memory is Sensory Modality-Dependent: Evidence from Signed and Spoken Language
Effects of Acute Nicotine Abstinence on Cue-elicited Ventral Striatum/Nucleus Accumbens Activation in Female Cigarette Smokers: A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Syntactic processing of complex sentences in left lateral premotor cortex.
Rolandic alpha and beta EEG rhythms' strengths are inversely related to fMRI-BOLD signal in primary somatosensory and motor cortex.
Differential cerebellar and cortical involvement according to various attentional load: role of educational level.
The brain's orienting response: An event-related functional magnetic resonance imaging investigation.
Consciousness and cerebral baseline activity fluctuations.
Localizing subprocesses of visual search by correlating local brain activation in fMRI with response time model parameters.
fMRI evidence for word association and situated simulation in conceptual processing
Involvement of insula and cingulate cortices in control and suppression of natural urges.
Working memory retrieval: contributions of the left prefrontal cortex, the left posterior parietal cortex, and the hippocampus.
Top-down and bottom-up attention to memory: a hypothesis (AtoM) on the role of the posterior parietal cortex in memory retrieval.
The bimodal bilingual brain: effects of sign language experience.
Age-related reduction in the differential pathways involved in internal and external movement generation.
On the functional neuroanatomy of visual word processing: effects of case and letter deviance.
What is "odd" in Posner's location-cueing paradigm? Neural responses to unexpected location and feature changes compared.
In the eye of the beholder: individual differences in perceived social isolation predict regional brain activation to social stimuli.
The lateral and ventromedial prefrontal cortex work as a dynamic integrated system: evidence from FMRI connectivity analysis.
Cortical activation patterns during long-term memory retrieval of visually or haptically encoded objects and locations.
Divided versus selective attention: evidence for common processing mechanisms.
An amygdala response to fearful faces with covered eyes.
An event-related fMRI study on risk taking by healthy individuals of high or low impulsiveness.
Functional neuroanatomical networks associated with expertise in motor imagery
Visual Motion Area MT+/V5 Responds to Auditory Motion in Human Sight-Recovery Subjects.
Spoken word memory traces within the human auditory cortex revealed by repetition priming and functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Default-mode function and task-induced deactivation have overlapping brain substrates in children.
Impairment of attentional networks after 1 night of sleep deprivation.
Observing social gestures: an fMRI study.
Atypical recruitment of medial prefrontal cortex in autism spectrum disorders: An fMRI study of two executive function tasks
Resting brain perfusion in social anxiety disorder: A voxel-wise whole brain comparison with healthy control subjects
Impaired response inhibition function in abstinent heroin dependents: An fMRI study
Neural coding of stimulus concentration in the human olfactory and intranasal trigeminal systems
Subcortical processes of motor response inhibition during a stop signal task.
Meta-Analysis of Gray Matter Anomalies in Schizophrenia: Application of Anatomic Likelihood Estimation and Network Analysis
Self, mother and abstract other: an fMRI study of reflective social processing.
Dynamic intra- and interhemispheric interactions during unilateral and bilateral hand movements assessed with fMRI and DCM.
Social cognitive neural networks during in-group and out-group interactions.
Segregating intra-amygdalar responses to dynamic facial emotion with cytoarchitectonic maximum probability maps.
Mismatch negativity generation in the human 5HT2A agonist and NMDA antagonist model of psychosis
Longitudinal fMRI study of reading in a patient with letter-by-letter reading.
An fMRI study of verbal episodic memory encoding in amnestic mild cognitive impairment.
Hippocampal function during associative learning in patients with posttraumatic stress disorder
Subthalamic nucleus stimulation affects orbitofrontal cortex in facial emotion recognition: a pet study
Anomalous hypothalamic responses to humor in cataplexy.
Modifying the brain activation of poor readers during sentence comprehension with extended remedial instruction: a longitudinal study of neuroplasticity.
Behavioral correlates of negative BOLD signal changes in the primary somatosensory cortex.
A regulation role of the prefrontal cortex in the fist-edge-palm task: evidence from functional connectivity analysis.
Lapsing during sleep deprivation is associated with distributed changes in brain activation.
Oxytocin shapes the neural circuitry of trust and trust adaptation in humans.
The impact of functional connectivity changes on support vector machines mapping of fMRI data.
Nicotine abstinence-induced cerebral blood flow changes by genotype.
Neural substrates of narrative comprehension and memory.
Neuronal correlates of symptom formation in functional somatic syndromes: a fMRI study.
Brain activation upon selective stimulation of cutaneous C- and Adelta-fibers.
Dose-dependent effect of the Val66Met polymorphism of the brain-derived neurotrophic factor gene on memory-related hippocampal activity.
A voxel-based morphometry study of grey matter loss in MS patients with different clinical phenotypes
Face-specific and domain-general characteristics of cortical responses during self-recognition.
Virtual needle pain stimuli activates cortical representation of emotions in normal volunteers.
Functional magnetic resonance imaging reveals neuroanatomical dissociations during semantic integration in schizophrenia.
Resting states affect spontaneous BOLD oscillations in sensory and paralimbic cortex.
Brain networks for integrative rhythm formation.
The attentional blink modulates activity in the early visual cortex.
Saccades to a remembered location elicit spatially specific activation in human retinotopic visual cortex.
Structural and metabolic correlates of episodic memory in relation to the depth of encoding in normal aging.
Development of spatial and verbal working memory capacity in the human brain.
Sleep deprivation alters functioning within the neural network underlying the covert orienting of attention.
Time-course of "off-line" prefrontal rTMS effects--a PET study.
In vivo PET study of 5HT2Aserotonin and D2dopamine dysfunction in drug-naive obsessive-compulsive disorder
Self-paced movements induce high-frequency gamma oscillations in primary motor cortex.
Increased cerebral perfusion in adult attention deficit hyperactivity disorder is normalised by stimulant treatment: a non-invasive MRI pilot study.
Age-related differences in pain sensitivity and regional brain activity evoked by noxious pressure.
Automatic processing of semantic relations in fMRI: neural activation during semantic priming of taxonomic and thematic categories.
Intrinsic correlations of electroencephalography rhythms with cerebral hemodynamics during sleep transitions.
Gender differences in brain networks supporting empathy.
Item-specific and generalization effects on brain activation when learning Chinese characters.
Gender-specific strategy use and neural correlates in a spatial perspective taking task.
White matter abnormalities in subjects at ultra high-risk for schizophrenia and first-episode schizophrenic patients.
Bayesian estimation of synaptic physiology from the spectral responses of neural masses.
Sensory stimulation activates both motor and sensory components of the swallowing system
Sensitivity of the action observation network to physical and observational learning.
Functional MRI of Sentence Comprehension in Children with Dyslexia: Beyond Word Recognition
Fast visuomotor processing of redundant targets: the role of the right temporo-parietal junction.
Parieto-frontal gamma band activity during the perceptual emergence of speech forms.
Brain Correlates of Autonomic Modulation: Combining Heart Rate Variability with fMRI
Methylphenidate has differential effects on blood oxygenation level-dependent signal related to cognitive subprocesses of reversal learning.
Alerting deficits in children with attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder: event-related fMRI evidence.
Neural correlates of the processing of another's mistakes: a possible underpinning for social and observational learning.
Neurofunctional modulation of brain regions by the observation of pointing and grasping actions.
Regional differences in the coupling between resting cerebral blood flow and metabolism may indicate action preparedness as a default state.
Age-related changes in the cerebral substrates of cognitive procedural learning
Comparison of unilateral and bilateral complex finger tapping-related activation in premotor and primary motor cortex.
Frontal operculum temporal difference signals and social motor response learning.
My third arm: shifts in topography of the somatosensory homunculus predict feeling of an artificial supernumerary arm.
Brain Structural Abnormalities in Survivors of Pediatric Posterior Fossa Brain Tumors: a Voxel-Based Morphometry Study Using Free-Form Deformation
Neurological basis of poor insight in psychosis: A voxel-based MRI study
Alcohol Sensitizes Cerebral Responses to the Odors of Alcoholic Drinks: An fMRI Study
Decoding of affective facial expressions in the context of emotional situations.
Single-trial coupling of EEG and fMRI reveals the involvement of early anterior cingulate cortex activation in effortful decision making.
The functional anatomy of semantic retrieval is influenced by gender, menstrual cycle, and sex hormones
Neural responses to sad facial expressions in major depression following cognitive behavioral therapy.
Regional gray matter changes are associated with cognitive deficits in remitted geriatric depression: an optimized voxel-based morphometry study.
Optimizing the mapping of finger areas in primary somatosensory cortex using functional MRI
The neural basis of academic achievement motivation
Abnormal Superior Temporal Connectivity During Fear Perception in Schizophrenia
Determining a role for ventromedial prefrontal cortex in encoding action-based value signals during reward-related decision making.
Striatal dopamine and working memory.
Sex differences and the impact of steroid hormones on the developing human brain.
Response monitoring, repetitive behaviour and anterior cingulate abnormalities in autism spectrum disorders (ASD).
Neural integration of top-down spatial and feature-based information in visual search.
Relationships between hippocampal atrophy, white matter disruption, and gray matter hypometabolism in Alzheimer's disease.
Contextual fear conditioning in humans: cortical-hippocampal and amygdala contributions.
Switching schizophrenia patients from typical neuroleptics to olanzapine: effects on BOLD response during attention and working memory.
Hierarchical artificial grammar processing engages Broca's area.
Pictures of a thousand words: Investigating the neural mechanisms of reading with extremely rapid event-related fMRI
Atypical functional lateralization of language in autism spectrum disorders.
Prognosis after temporal lobe epilepsy surgery: the value of combining predictors.
Atypical cortical connectivity and visuospatial cognitive impairments are related in children with chromosome 22q11.2 deletion syndrome
Antidepressant treatment normalizes hypoactivity in dorsolateral prefrontal cortex during emotional interference processing in major depression.
Craving love? Enduring grief activates brain's reward center.
Theory of Mind and Schizophrenia: A Positron Emission Tomography Study of Medication-Free Patients
A combined [11C]diprenorphine PET study and fMRI study of acupuncture analgesia.
Dysfunctional modulation of emotional interference in the medial prefrontal cortex in patients with schizophrenia.
Individual differences in psychotic effects of ketamine are predicted by brain function measured under placebo.
Loss of resting interhemispheric functional connectivity after complete section of the corpus callosum.
Neural correlates of stereotype application.
The case of pretense: observing actions and inferring goals.
Retrieval from episodic memory: neural mechanisms of interference resolution.
Nonlinear amygdala response to face trustworthiness: contributions of high and low spatial frequency information.
Experience-dependent plasticity: Differential changes in activation associated with repeated reinforcement
fMRI reveals distinct CNS processing during symptomatic and recovered complex regional pain syndrome in children.
Phantom limb pain, cortical reorganization and the therapeutic effect of mental imagery.
fMRI investigation of the cognitive structure of the Concealed Information Test.
Volumetric and shape analysis of the thalamus in first-episode schizophrenia.
Parsing neural mechanisms of social and physical risk identifications.
Genetic liability for bipolar disorder is characterized by excess frontal activation in response to a working memory task.
Alcohol dose effects on brain circuits during simulated driving: an fMRI study.
The salient characteristics of the central effects of acupuncture needling: limbic-paralimbic-neocortical network modulation.
Who caused the pain? An fMRI investigation of empathy and intentionality in children.
Common and unique components of inhibition and working memory: An fMRI, within-subjects investigation
The influence of personality on neural mechanisms of observational fear and reward learning
Voxel-based morphometry reveals extra-nigral atrophy patterns associated with dopamine refractory cognitive and motor impairment in parkinsonism
Dissociating medial frontal and posterior cingulate activity during self-reflection.
Cortical processing of lateral skin stretch stimulation in humans.
Neural substrates related to auditory working memory comparisons in dyslexia: An fMRI study
Cortical recruitment during selective attention in multiple sclerosis: an fMRI investigation of individual differences.
Rule-dependent prefrontal cortex activity across episodic and perceptual decisions: An fMRI investigation of the criterial classification account
Learning and consolidation of novel spoken words.
Task-dependent Modulations of Prefrontal and Hippocampal Activity during Intrinsic Word Production
The angry brain: neural correlates of anger, angry rumination, and aggressive personality.
End or means--the "what" and "how" of observed intentional actions.
A brain mechanism for facilitation of insight by positive affect.
Dominance and Submission: The Ventrolateral Prefrontal Cortex and Responses to Status Cues
Cannabinoid receptor 1 (CNR1) gene: impact on antidepressant treatment response and emotion processing in major depression.
Functional grouping and cortical–subcortical interactions in emotion: A meta-analysis of neuroimaging studies
Abnormal temporal difference reward-learning signals in major depression.
Neural correlates of voluntary and involuntary risk taking in the human brain: an fMRI Study of the Balloon Analog Risk Task (BART).
Changes in brain gray matter due to repetitive painful stimulation
Modulation of brain activity by multiple lexical and word form variables in visual word recognition: A parametric fMRI study.
Functional imaging of sensory decline and gain induced by differential noxious stimulation
Decreased prefrontal, anterior cingulate, insula, and ventral striatal metabolism in medication-free depressed outpatients with bipolar disorder
Trigeminal activation using chemical, electrical, and mechanical stimuli.
Error processing during online motor control depends on the response accuracy.
fMRI differences between early and late stage-1 sleep.
Evoked magnetic fields following noxious laser stimulation of the thigh in humans.
Stereotaxic probabilistic maps of the magnocellular cell groups in human basal forebrain.
The posterior superior temporal sulcus is involved in social communication not specific for the eyes.
The effects of neuregulin1 on brain function in controls and patients with schizophrenia and bipolar disorder.
Neural basis of abnormal response to negative feedback in unmedicated mood disorders.
Neurodevelopmental changes in verbal working memory load-dependency: an fMRI investigation.
The hodology of hallucinations.
Bilateral decrease in ventrolateral prefrontal cortex activation during motor response inhibition in mania
Association between a longer duration of illness, age and lower frontal lobe grey matter volume in schizophrenia.
Pointing with the eyes: the role of gaze in communicating danger.
Gray Matter Asymmetries in Chimpanzees as Revealed by Voxel-Based Morphometry
The effect of appraisal level on processing of emotional prosody in meaningless speech
Selective activation of the superior frontal gyrus in task-switching: an event-related fNIRS study.
BOLD response during visual perception of biological motion in obsessive-compulsive disorder : an fMRI study using the dynamic point-light animation paradigm.
Hypothalamus, sexual arousal and psychosexual identity in human males: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Individual differences in disgust sensitivity modulate neural responses to aversive/disgusting stimuli.
Proactive inhibitory control of movement assessed by event-related fMRI.
I learned from what you did: Retrieving visuomotor associations learned by observation.
Frontal-striatal-thalamic mediodorsal nucleus dysfunction in schizophrenia-spectrum patients during sensorimotor gating.
Separating the effects of alcohol and expectancy on brain activation: An fMRI working memory study
Neural basis of Delta-9-tetrahydrocannabinol and cannabidiol: effects during response inhibition.
Overcoming suppression in order to remember: Contributions from anterior cingulate and ventrolateral prefrontal cortex
Neural markers of a greater female responsiveness to social stimuli
Brain motor system function in a patient with complete spinal cord injury following extensive brain-computer interface training.
Chronic vagus nerve stimulation for treatment-resistant depression decreases resting ventromedial prefrontal glucose metabolism
Individual differences in reinforcement learning: behavioral, electrophysiological, and neuroimaging correlates.
Choosing where to attend and the medial frontal cortex: an FMRI study.
Probing category selectivity for environmental sounds in the human auditory brain.
Neural correlates of spatial and non-spatial inhibition of return (IOR) in attentional orienting.
Altered reward processing in the nucleus accumbens and mesial prefrontal cortex of patients with posttraumatic stress disorder.
Activation of mirror-neuron system by erotic video clips predicts degree of induced erection: an fMRI study.
Low dopamine striatal D2 receptors are associated with prefrontal metabolism in obese subjects: Possible contributing factors
Functional imaging of semantic memory predicts postoperative episodic memory functions in chronic temporal lobe epilepsy.
Mapping the connectivity with structural equation modeling in an fMRI study of shape-from-motion task.
Orthographic familiarity, phonological legality and number of orthographic neighbours affect the onset of ERP lexical effects
Risk for depression is associated with neural biases in emotional categorisation.
Shifting set about task switching: behavioral and neural evidence for distinct forms of cognitive flexibility.
Neural networks for short-term memory for order differentiate high and low proficiency bilinguals
Cognitive processing speed and the structure of white matter pathways: convergent evidence from normal variation and lesion studies.
Menstrual cycle phase modulates cognitive control over male but not female stimuli.
Neuroanatomical substrates of foresight in schizophrenia.
Understanding the intentions behind man-made products elicits neural activity in areas dedicated to mental state attribution.
Pitch processing sites in the human auditory brain.
Effects of Aging on the Neural Correlates of Successful Item and Source Memory Encoding
The influence of prior record on moral judgment.
Compensatory brain activation for recognition memory in patients with medication-resistant epilepsy
fMRI evidence for a dual process account of the speed-accuracy tradeoff in decision-making.
Can machines think? Interaction and perspective taking with robots investigated via fMRI.
Incidental retrieval of emotional contexts in post-traumatic stress disorder and depression: an fMRI study.
Central representation of cold-evoked pain relief in capsaicin induced pain: an event-related fMRI study.
Sensorimotor tongue representation in individuals with unilateral upper limb amelia.
Modifications of the interactions in the motor networks when a movement becomes automatic
Task-dependent semantic interference in language production: an fMRI study.
Failure to modulate neural response to increased task demand in mild Alzheimer's disease: fMRI study of visuospatial processing
A case of persistent retrograde amnesia following a dissociative fugue: neuropsychological and neurofunctional underpinnings of loss of autobiographical memory and self-awareness.
Brain activation and deactivation during location and color working memory tasks in 11–13-year-old children
Neural generators of brain potentials before rapid eye movements during human REM sleep: a study using sLORETA.
Neural substrates for visual pattern recognition learning in Igo.
Isolating event-related potential components associated with voluntary control of visuo-spatial attention
Consistency and functional specialization in the default mode brain network
Neuroanatomical correlates of aging, cardiopulmonary fitness level, and education.
Processing conflicting information: facilitation, interference, and functional connectivity.
Insular activity during passive viewing of aversive stimuli reflects individual differences in state negative affect.
Frequency specificity of functional connectivity in brain networks.
Prefrontal cortex volume reduction on MRI in preclinical Huntington's disease relates to visuomotor performance and CAG number
Specificity of inferior olive response to stimulus timing.
Interactions between medial temporal lobe, prefrontal cortex, and inferior temporal regions during visual working memory: a combined intracranial EEG and functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Atypical frontal-posterior synchronization of Theory of Mind regions in autism during mental state attribution
Towards clinical trials of lie detection with fMRI.
Friend or foe? Brain systems involved in the perception of dynamic signals of menacing and friendly social approaches.
Regions with different evoked frequency band responses during early-stage visual processing distinguish mild Alzheimer dementia from mild cognitive impairment and normal aging
Catechol-O-methyltransferase val158met genotype influences neural processing of reward anticipation.
Visuospatial contextual processing in the parietal cortex: an fMRI investigation of the induced Roelofs effect.
Age-related changes in neural activity during performance matched working memory manipulation.
Pretreatment brain activation during stroop task is associated with outcomes in cocaine-dependent patients.
fMRI evidence for the effect of verbal complexity on lateralisation of the neural response associated with decoding prosodic emotion.
Neural correlates of attachment trauma in borderline personality disorder: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Frequency changes in a continuous tone: auditory cortical potentials.
Subcallosal cingulate gyrus deep brain stimulation for treatment-resistant depression.
Functional activation and neural networks in women with posttraumatic stress disorder related to intimate partner violence.
Altered connectivity among emotion-related brain regions during short-term memory in Alzheimer's disease
Inter-subject variability in the use of two different neuronal networks for reading aloud familiar words.
fMRI characterization of the language formulation area.
An fMRI study of sex differences in brain activation during object naming.
Hyperplane navigation: a method to set individual scores in fMRI group datasets.
Neural correlates of hemispheric dominance and ipsilaterality within the vestibularsystem
Does erotic stimulus presentation design affect brain activation patterns? Event-related vs. blocked fMRI designs
Changes in Gray Matter Induced by Learning—Revisited
Executive control of spatial attention shifts in the auditory compared to the visual modality.
Regional homogeneity changes in patients with Parkinson's disease.
Functional significance of retrieval-related activity in lateral parietal cortex: Evidence from fMRI and ERPs.
Magnocellular pathway impairment in schizophrenia: evidence from functional magnetic resonance imaging.
The human inferior parietal lobule in stereotaxic space.
MEG correlates of bimodal encoding of faces and persons' names.
The relationship between aging, performance, and the neural correlates of successful memory encoding.
Development of anterior cingulate functional connectivity from late childhood to early adulthood.
Brain maps of Iowa gambling task
The role of the left inferior frontal gyrus in implicit semantic competition and selection: An event-related fMRI study.
Motivation to do well enhances responses to errors and self-monitoring.
Comparison of Grey Matter and Metabolic Reductions in Frontotemporal Dementia Using FDG-PET and Voxel-Based Morphometric MR Studies
Self-regulation of regional cortical activity using real-time fMRI: the right inferior frontal gyrus and linguistic processing.
Neuronal modulation of auditory attention by informative and uninformative spatial cues.
Brain anatomy of persistent violent offenders: more rather than less.
Gray matter changes in right superior temporal gyrus in criminal psychopaths. Evidence from voxel-based morphometry.
The neurocognitive components of pitch processing: insights from absolute pitch.
fMRI Activation Changes during Successful Episodic Memory Encoding and Recognition in Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment Relative to Cognitively Healthy Older Adults
Functional MRI study of brain activation alterations in patients with obsessive-compulsive disorder after symptom improvement.
Enuresis as a premorbid developmental marker of schizophrenia
Neuroanatomical correlates of neuropsychiatric symptoms in Alzheimer's disease.
Selective attention to semantic and syntactic features modulates sentence processing networks in anterior temporal cortex.
Gray matter density and white matter integrity in pianists' brain: a combined structural and diffusion tensor MRI study.
Brain white matter damage in SCA1 and SCA2. An in vivo study using voxel-based morphometry, histogram analysis of mean diffusivity and tract-based spatial statistics
Deviant fMRI patterns of brain activity to speech in 2–3 year-old children with autism spectrum disorder
Functional abnormalities of the visual processing system in subjects with mild cognitive impairment: an fMRI study.
Emotional experience modulates brain activity during fixation periods between tasks.
Error-specific medial cortical and subcortical activity during the stop signal task: A functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Asymmetric control mechanisms of bimanual coordination: an application of directed connectivity analysis to kinematic and functional MRI data.
Age-related alterations in default mode network: impact on working memory performance.
Low prefrontal perfusion linked to depression symptoms in methadone-maintained opiate-dependent patients.
Neural correlates of successful encoding of semantically and phonologically mediated inter-item associations.
Reliable assessment of lower limb motor representations with fMRI: Use of a novel MR compatible device for real-time monitoring of ankle, knee and hip torques
Testosterone biases automatic memory processes in women towards potential mates.
Functional mapping in PD and PSP for sustained phonation and phoneme tasks.
An fMRI study of working memory in first-degree unaffected relatives of schizophrenia patients.
Neural correlates of speeded as compared with delayed responses in a stop signal task: an indirect analog of risk taking and association with an anxiety trait.
Neural correlates of STN DBS-induced cognitive variability in Parkinson disease
Individual attachment style modulates human amygdala and striatum activation during social appraisal.
Bilateral speech comprehension reflects differential sensitivity to spectral and temporal features.
Cortical activation during delay discounting in abstinent methamphetamine dependent individuals.
Tract shape modelling provides evidence of topological change in corpus callosum genu during normal ageing
Zooming in and zooming out of the attentional focus: an FMRI study.
The cortical modulation from the external cues during gait observation and imagination.
SPM-based count normalization provides excellent discrimination of mild Alzheimer's disease and amnestic mild cognitive impairment from healthy aging
Integration of cross-modal emotional information in the human brain: an fMRI study.
The integration of higher order form and motion by the human brain.
Functional MRI investigation of verbal selection mechanisms in lateral prefrontal cortex.
Common neural circuitry supporting volitional saccades and its disruption in schizophrenia patients and relatives.
The contribution of white and gray matter differences to developmental dyslexia: insights from DTI and VBM at 3.0 T.
Symbolic representations of action in the human cerebellum.
The multiple synaesthete E.S. — Neuroanatomical basis of interval-taste and tone-colour synaesthesia
Enhanced Neuroactivation during Verbal Memory Processing in Postmenopausal Women Receiving Short Term Hormone Therapy
Functional-anatomical organization of predicate metaphor processing.
Cortical competition during language discrimination.
Mind the bend: cerebral activations associated with mental imagery of walking along a curved path.
Subthalamic nucleus stimulation-induced regional blood flow responses correlate with improvement of motor signs in Parkinson disease
A common anterior insula representation of disgust observation, experience and imagination shows divergent functional connectivity pathways.
Sleep modulates the neural substrates of both spatial and contextual memory consolidation.
Developmental increase in top-down and bottom-up processing in a phonological task: an effective connectivity, fMRI study.
Neural correlates of semantic competition during processing of ambiguous words.
The Main Sources of Intersubject Variability in Neuronal Activation for Reading Aloud
Dynamic changes in the mental rotation network revealed by pattern recognition analysis of fMRI data.
Functional neuroanatomy of mental rotation.
Temporo-parietal junction activity in theory-of-mind tasks: falseness, beliefs, or attention.
Sentence syntax and content in the human temporal lobe: an fMRI adaptation study in auditory and visual modalities.
Task-irrelevant visual letters interact with the processing of speech sounds in heteromodal and unimodal cortex.
Thinking about the future versus the past in personal and non-personal contexts.
Lexical influences on speech perception: a Granger causality analysis of MEG and EEG source estimates.
Increased cortisol levels in cognitively challenging situations are beneficial in young but not older subjects.
Affective context interferes with cognitive control in unipolar depression: an fMRI investigation.
Influence of vascular endothelial growth factor variation on human hippocampus morphology.
Developmental changes in neural activation and psychophysiological interaction patterns of brain regions associated with interference control and time perception.
The neural substrates of probabilistic and intertemporal decision making.
Audiovisual integration during speech comprehension: an fMRI study comparing ROI-based and whole brain analyses.
Decreased neural activity in reward circuitry during personal reference in abstinent alcoholics--a fMRI study.
Correlation of passivity symptoms and dysfunctional visuomotor action monitoring in psychosis.
Drawing cartoon faces – a functional imaging study of the cognitive neuroscience of drawing
Preoperative amygdala fMRI in temporal lobe epilepsy.
Supraspinal locomotor control in quadrupeds and humans.
Dysfunction of the attentional brain network in children with Developmental Coordination Disorder: a fMRI study.
Role of the prefrontal cortex in human balance control
Crinkling and crumpling: an auditory fMRI study of material properties.
Alexithymia in healthy women: a brain morphology study.
Network activation during bimanual movements in humans.
Gender differences in voluntary micturition control: an fMRI study.
Executive functions with different motor outputs in somatosensory Go/Nogo tasks: An event-related functional MRI study
Self-referential processing of negative stimuli within the ventral anterior cingulate gyrus and right amygdala.
fMRI of Intrasubject Variability in ADHD: Anomalous Premotor Activity With Prefrontal Compensation
Differential effects of orthographic and phonological consistency in cortex for children with and without reading impairment
Single Dose of a Dopamine Agonist Impairs Reinforcement Learning in Humans: Evidence from Event-related Potentials and Computational Modeling of Striatal-Cortical Function
Neural correlates of personally familiar faces: parents, partner and own faces.
Inferior parietal lobule supports decision making under uncertainty in humans.
Rapid and reversible recruitment of early visual cortex for touch.
Prolonged cholinergic enrichment influences regional cortical activation in early Alzheimer’s disease
Functional MRI evidence for language plasticity in adult epileptic patients: Preliminary results
Disentangling the prefrontal network for rule selection by means of a non-verbal variant of the Wisconsin Card Sorting Test.
Cognitive and emotional modulation of brain default operation.
Dissociation of frontal and medial temporal lobe activity in maintenance and binding of sequentially presented paired associates.
Differential influences of emotion, task, and novelty on brain regions underlying the processing of speech melody.
Anterior intraparietal sulcus is sensitive to bottom-up attention driven by stimulus salience.
Exploring the neural correlates of social stereotyping.
Dorsal striatal-midbrain connectivity in humans predicts how reinforcements are used to guide decisions.
When time shapes behavior: fMRI evidence of brain correlates of temporal monitoring.
Reduced ventrolateral fMRI response during observation of emotional gestures related to the degree of dopaminergic impairment in Parkinson disease.
A role for midcingulate cortex in the interruptive effects of pain anticipation on attention
Neural predictors of moment-to-moment fluctuations in cognitive flexibility.
Grey matter abnormalities in trichotillomania: morphometric magnetic resonance imaging study
Distinct neural substrates for deductive and mathematical processing.
Remembrance of things touched: how sensorimotor experience affects the neural instantiation of object form.
Activity in both hippocampus and perirhinal cortex predicts the memory strength of subsequently remembered information.
An open-source hardware and software system for acquisition and real-time processing of electrophysiology during high field MRI.
An fMRI study of the numerical Stroop task in individuals with and without minimal cognitive impairment.
Implicit trustworthiness ratings of self-resembling faces activate brain centers involved in reward.
Patterns of cerebral white matter damage and cognitive impairment in adolescents born very preterm
Sports experience changes the neural processing of action language.
White matter integrity predicts delay discounting behavior in 9- to 23-year-olds: a diffusion tensor imaging study.
The human dorsal stream adapts to real actions and 3D shape processing: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Dissociable roles for the hippocampus and the amygdala in human cued versus context fear conditioning.
Thinking about not-thinking: neural correlates of conceptual processing during Zen meditation.
Maternal brain response to own baby-cry is affected by cesarean section delivery.
Neural interaction of speech and gesture: differential activations of metaphoric co-verbal gestures.
Word order processing in the bilingual brain.
Differential modulation of neural activity throughout the distributed neural system for face perception in patients with Social Phobia and healthy subjects
Measuring brain connectivity: diffusion tensor imaging validates resting state temporal correlations.
Negation in the brain: modulating action representations.
A longitudinal fMRI study of working memory in severe TBI patients with diffuse axonal injury
Say it with flowers! An fMRI study of object mediated communication.
How do we infer others' goals from non-stereotypic actions? The outcome of context-sensitive inferential processing in right inferior parietal and posterior temporal cortex.
An fMRI study measuring analgesia enhanced by religion as a belief system.
Theory of mind and frontal lobe pathology in schizophrenia: a voxel-based morphometry study.
Neural correlates of heart rate variability during emotion
Piecemeal recruitment of left-lateralized brain areas during reading: a spatio-functional account.
Prefrontal social cognition network dysfunction underlying face encoding and social anxiety in fragile X syndrome.
The human mirror neuron system in a population with deficient self-awareness: an fMRI study in alexithymia.
Regional networks underlying interhemispheric connectivity: an EEG and DTI study in healthy ageing and amnestic mild cognitive impairment.
Through the looking glass: counter-mirror activation following incompatible sensorimotor learning.
Empathic neural reactivity to noxious stimuli delivered to body parts and non-corporeal objects.
Brain correlates of aesthetic expertise: a parametric fMRI study.
Neural circuitry underlying the regulation of conditioned fear and its relation to extinction.
Errors of mathematical processing: the relationship of accuracy to neural regions associated with retrieval or representation of the problem state.
fMRI methods for proximal upper limb joint motor testing and identification of undesired mirror movement after stroke.
Detection of PCC functional connectivity characteristics in resting-state fMRI in mild Alzheimer's disease.
Microglia, amyloid, and cognition in Alzheimer's disease: An [11C](R)PK11195-PET and [11C]PIB-PET study
Action word meaning representations in cytoarchitectonically defined primary and premotor cortices.
Visualizing Vocal Perception in the Chimpanzee Brain
Neural basis of maternal communication and emotional expression processing during infant preverbal stage.
Modulation of Ventral Prefrontal Cortex Functional Connections Reflects the Interplay of Cognitive Processes and Stimulus Characteristics
Distinct roles of prefrontal cortical subregions in the Iowa Gambling Task.
The effects of stimulus modality and frequency of stimulus presentation on cross-modal distraction.
Prefrontal Hypoactivation and Recovery in Insomnia
The influence of colour and sound on neuronal activation during visual object naming.
Egocentric memory impaired and allocentric memory intact as assessed by virtual reality in subjects with unilateral parietal cortex lesions.
Is emotional contagion special? An fMRI study on neural systems for affective and cognitive empathy.
Episodic memory in schizophrenia: the influence of strategy use on behavior and brain activation.
Developmental topographical disorientation: Case one
Dissociable roles of medial orbitofrontal cortex in human operant extinction learning.
Differences in processing of taxonomic and sequential relations in semantic memory: an fMRI investigation.
Gesture subtype-dependent left lateralization of praxis planning: an event-related fMRI study.
Neural correlates of perceiving emotional faces and bodies in developmental prosopagnosia: an event-related fMRI-study.
Cortical and cerebellar activation induced by reflexive and voluntary saccades.
On the neural networks of empathy: A principal component analysis of an fMRI study
Evidence for a frontoparietal control system revealed by intrinsic functional connectivity.
Responses to interaural time delay in human cortex.
The neural networks underlying auditory sensory gating.
Brain mechanisms involved in processing unreal perceptions
Dissociable neural mechanisms for determining the perceived heaviness of objects and the predicted weight of objects during lifting: an fMRI investigation of the size-weight illusion.
White matter diffusion alterations in normal women at risk of Alzheimer's disease
Interregional cerebral metabolic associativity during a continuous performance task (Part II) : Differential alterations in bipolar and unipolar disorders
Top-down attentional control in spatially coincident stimuli enhances activity in both task-relevant and task-irrelevant regions of cortex.
The role of amygdala during auditory verbal imagery of derogatory appraisals by others.
Trait cheerfulness modulates BOLD response in lateral cortical but not limbic brain areas—A pilot fMRI study
Long-term global and regional brain volume changes following severe traumatic brain injury: a longitudinal study with clinical correlates.
Neural substrates of reward magnitude, probability, and risk during a wheel of fortune decision-making task.
The dynamic mechanisms of placebo induced analgesia: Evidence of sustained and transient regional involvement.
A DTI study of white matter microstructure in individuals at high genetic risk for schizophrenia.
Neural correlates of pre-performance routines in expert and novice archers.
Cluster Mass Inference via Random Field Theory
Processing 3D form and 3D motion: respective contributions of attention-based and stimulus-driven activity.
Blood pressure and white matter integrity in geriatric depression.
Neuregulin 1 ICE-single nucleotide polymorphism in first episode schizophrenia correlates with cerebral activation in fronto-temporal areas.
Superior temporal activation in response to dynamic audio-visual emotional cues.
White matter damage impairs access to consciousness in multiple sclerosis.
Evidence for endogenous opioid release in the amygdala during positive emotion
The Quadruple Process model approach to examining the neural underpinnings of prejudice.
Spontaneous neural activity during human slow wave sleep.
fMR-adaptation reveals separate processing regions for the perception of form and texture in the human ventral stream.
Prefrontal-subcortical pathways mediating successful emotion regulation.
Abnormal brain response during the auditory emotional processing in schizophrenic patients with chronic auditory hallucinations.
Decreasing task-related brain activity over repeated functional MRI scans and sessions with no change in performance: implications for serial investigations.
Brain activity during visual versus kinesthetic imagery: an fMRI study.
Topographic analysis of individual activation patterns in medial frontal cortex in schizophrenia.
Working memory performance is correlated with local brain morphology in the medial frontal and anterior cingulate cortex in fibromyalgia patients: structural correlates of pain-cognition interaction.
Event congruency enhances episodic memory encoding through semantic elaboration and relational binding.
A dual role for prediction error in associative learning.
Involvement of the left inferior frontal gyrus in predictive inference making.
The effects of simulated stuttering and prolonged speech on the neural activation patterns of stuttering and nonstuttering adults
Development during adolescence of the neural processing of social emotion.
Modality- and task-specific brain regions involved in Chinese lexical processing.
Neural correlates of metamemory: a comparison of feeling-of-knowing and retrospective confidence judgments.
The cerebral basis of mapping nonsymbolic numerical quantities onto abstract symbols: an fMRI training study.
Mind your left: spatial bias in subcortical fear processing.
Optimizing functional accuracy of TMS in cognitive studies: a comparison of methods.
Decision-making under risk: an fMRI study.
Age-related Alterations in Simple Declarative Memory and the Effect of Negative Stimulus Valence
Neural evidence of statistical learning: efficient detection of visual regularities without awareness.
Recognizing threat: a simple geometric shape activates neural circuitry for threat detection.
Neural priming in human frontal cortex: multiple forms of learning reduce demands on the prefrontal executive system.
A multisensory cortical network for understanding speech in noise.
Attending to multiple visual streams: interactions between location-based and category-based attentional selection.
Semantic context and visual feature effects in object naming: an fMRI study using arterial spin labeling.
Functional specialization and convergence in the occipito-temporal cortex supporting haptic and visual identification of human faces and body parts: an fMRI study.
Neurobiological substrates of cue-elicited craving and anhedonia in recently abstinent opioid-dependent males
Event-related functional MRI investigation of vocal pitch variation.
Practice induces function-specific changes in brain activity.
Word and letter string processing networks in schizophrenia: evidence for anomalies and compensation.
Vascular health risks and fMRI activation during a memory task in older adults.
Analyzing brain networks with PCA and conditional Granger causality.
The influence of feedback valence in associative learning.
Developmental shifts in fMRI activations during visuospatial relational reasoning.
The dynamics of deductive reasoning: an fMRI investigation.
Gamma ventral capsulotomy for treatment of resistant obsessive-compulsive disorder: a structural MRI pilot prospective study.
Functional topography in the human cerebellum: A meta-analysis of neuroimaging studies
The Relationship Between Gray Matter Morphometry and Neuropsychological Performance in a Large Sample of Cognitively Healthy Adults
Identification and comparison of stochastic metabolic/hemodynamic models (sMHM) for the generation of the BOLD signal.
Disturbances in selective information processing associated with the BDNF Val66Met polymorphism: evidence from cognition, the P300 and fronto-hippocampal systems.
Evidence for automatic sentence priming in the fusiform semantic area: convergent ERP and fMRI findings.
Trial-by-trial coupling between EEG and BOLD identifies networks related to alpha and theta EEG power increases during working memory maintenance.
Sex-related differences in neural activity during risk taking: an fMRI study.
Impaired Modulation of Attention and Emotion in Schizophrenia
Neurocognitive mechanisms underlying identification of environmental risks.
Cortical activations in humans grasp-related areas depend on hand used and handedness.
Fluctuations in electrodermal activity reveal variations in single trial brain responses to painful laser stimuli--a fMRI/EEG study.
Lying about facial recognition: an fMRI study.
Changes in brain activation induced by the training of hypothesis generation skills: an fMRI study.
EEG source analysis of epileptiform activity using a 1 mm anisotropic hexahedra finite element head model.
Altered brain activity during pain processing in fibromyalgia.
The dorsal auditory pathway is involved in performance of both visual and auditory rhythms.
5HTTLPR predicts left fusiform gyrus activation to positive emotional stimuli
A diffusion tensor MRI study of white matter integrity in subjects at high genetic risk of schizophrenia.
Auditory verbal hallucinations predominantly activate the right inferior frontal area.
Distinct neural circuits support transient and sustained processes in prospective memory and working memory.
Distinct orbitofrontal regions encode stimulus and choice valuation.
Anatomical segregation of representations of personally familiar and famous people in the temporal and parietal cortices.
Amygdalar enlargement associated with unique perception.
Assessment of verbal memory by fMRI: Lateralization and functional neuroanatomy
Neural correlates of message tailoring and self-relatedness in smoking cessation programming.
Functional Deficits in the Extrastriate Body Area During Observation of Sports-Related Actions in Schizophrenia
The exact vs. approximate distinction in numerical cognition may not be exact, but only approximate: How different processes work together in multi-digit addition.
Evoked amygdala responses to negative faces revealed by adaptive MEG beamformers.
Individual differences in typical reappraisal use predict amygdala and prefrontal responses.
Increased gray matter density in young women with chronic vulvar pain.
The battle for Broca's region.
Modulation of motor and premotor cortices by actions, action words and action sentences.
Contagious yawning and the frontal lobe: an fMRI study.
Are errors differentiable from deceptive responses when feigning memory impairment? An fMRI study.
Enter feelings: somatosensory responses following early stages of visual induction of emotion.
Somatotopical relationships between cortical activity and reflex areas in reflexology: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Atypical empathic responses in adolescents with aggressive conduct disorder: a functional MRI investigation.
Larger regional white matter volume is associated with executive function deficit in remitted geriatric depression: an optimized voxel-based morphometry study.
Atrophy and decreased activation of fronto-parietal attention areas contribute to higher visual dysfunction in posterior cortical atrophy.
A preliminary fMRI study of analgesic treatment in chronic back pain and knee osteoarthritis
fMRI analysis of active, passive and electrically stimulated ankle dorsiflexion
Amygdala function and 5-HTT gene variants in adolescent anxiety and major depressive disorder.
Cerebral network deficits in post-acute catatonic schizophrenic patients measured by fMRI
How the brain resolves high conflict situations: double conflict involvement of dorsolateral prefrontal cortex.
Cerebral representations of space and time.
Conversation effects on neural mechanisms underlying reaction time to visual events while viewing a driving scene: fMRI analysis and asynchrony model.
The major symptom dimensions of obsessive-compulsive disorder are mediated by partially distinct neural systems.
Control networks in paediatric Tourette syndrome show immature and anomalous patterns of functional connectivity.
Atypical modulation of cognitive control by arousal in autism.
Neurobiological evidence for thalamic, hippocampal and related glutamatergic abnormalities in bipolar disorder: a review and synthesis.
FMRI indices of auditory attention in schizophrenia
Neural correlates of enhanced visual short-term memory for angry faces: an FMRI study.
Neural basis of self and other representation in autism: an FMRI study of self-face recognition.
Using Time-to-Contact Information to Assess Potential Collision Modulates Both Visual and Temporal Prediction Networks
Broca's Area, Sentence Comprehension, and Working Memory: An fMRI Study
Sequential Activation of Human Oculomotor Centers During Planning of Visually-Guided Eye Movements: A Combined fMRI-MEG Study
Baseline Shifts do not Predict Attentional Modulation of Target Processing During Feature-Based Visual Attention
Bimanual Passive Movement: Functional Activation and Inter-Regional Coupling
Development of Working Memory Maintenance
fMRI evidence for multisensory recruitment associated with rapid eye movements during sleep.
Color responses of the human lateral geniculate nucleus: [corrected] selective amplification of S-cone signals between the lateral geniculate nucleno and primary visual cortex measured with high-field
Cortical midline involvement in autobiographical memory.
Audiovisual integration in human superior temporal sulcus: Inverse effectiveness and the neural processing of speech and object recognition.
Neural evidence of a role for spatial response selection in the learning of spatial sequences.
Neural correlates of approximate quantification strategies in young and older adults: An fMRI study
Neural, electrodermal and behavioral response patterns in contingency aware and unaware subjects during a picture–picture conditioning paradigm
The Bivalent Side of the Nucleus Accumbens
Dual language use in sign-speech bimodal bilinguals: fNIRS brain-imaging evidence.
Effects of fluctuating physiological rhythms during prolonged EEG-fMRI studies.
The sensory-motor specificity of taxonomic and thematic conceptual relations: a behavioral and fMRI study.
Rotated alphanumeric characters do not automatically activate frontoparietal areas subserving mental rotation
Mirror neurons, the representation of word meaning, and the foot of the third left frontal convolution.
Dissociating nociceptive modulation by the duration of pain anticipation from unpredictability in the timing of pain.
The Contributions of Prefrontal Cortex and Executive Control to Deception: Evidence from Activation Likelihood Estimate Meta-analyses
Contextual processing in episodic future thought.
Age effects on load-dependent brain activations in working memory for novel material.
Medial prefrontal activity differentiates self from close others.
Medial prefrontal dissociations during processing of trait diagnostic and nondiagnostic person information.
Learning fears by observing others: the neural systems of social fear transmission.
Neural basis of stereotype-induced shifts in women's mental rotation performance.
The effects of skin tone on race-related amygdala activity: an fMRI investigation
Social groups that elicit disgust are differentially processed in mPFC.
Social interaction modifies neural response to gaze shifts.
Anterior insula reactivity during certain decisions is associated with neuroticism.
Communicative hand gestures and object-directed hand movements activated the mirror neuron system.
Differential effects of tryptophan depletion on emotion processing according to face direction.
Emotional modulation of body-selective visual areas.
Age-related differences in brain activity underlying identification of emotional expressions in faces.
Amygdala–frontal connectivity during emotion regulation
The voices of seduction: cross-gender effects in processing of erotic prosody
Detecting agency from the biological motion of veridical vs animated agents.
Anthropomorphism influences perception of computer-animated characters' actions.
Distinct regions of medial rostral prefrontal cortex supporting social and nonsocial functions.
The right-hemisphere and valence hypotheses: could they both be right (and sometimes left)?
Sex differences in neural activation to facial expressions denoting contempt and disgust.
Developmental dyslexia and widespread activation across the cerebellar hemispheres.
From fear to safety and back: reversal of fear in the human brain.
MTHFR 677C --> T genotype disrupts prefrontal function in schizophrenia through an interaction with COMT 158Val --> Met.
Low-Frequency BOLD Fluctuations Demonstrate Altered Thalamocortical Connectivity in Schizophrenia
fMRI Activity Correlated With Auditory Hallucinations During Performance of a Working Memory Task: Data From the FBIRN Consortium Study
Separation of phasic arousal and expectancy effects in a speeded reaction time task via fMRI.
Attentional control during the transient updating of cue information.
Neural correlates of the judgment of lying: A functional magnetic resonance imaging study
A parametric relief signal in human ventrolateral prefrontal cortex.
Neural representations of social status hierarchy in human inferior parietal cortex.
Abnormal Regional Brain Function in Parkinson’s Disease: Truth or Fiction?
Joint source based morphometry identifies linked gray and white matter group differences.
Neural correlates of acoustic reasoning.
Trifluoromethoxy-benzylated ligands improve amyloid detection in the brain using (19)F magnetic resonance imaging.
Anxiety predicts a differential neural response to attended and unattended facial signals of anger and fear.
Functional Brain Correlates of Social and Non-Social Processes in Autism Spectrum Disorders: an ALE Meta-Analysis
Binge-eating disorder: reward sensitivity and brain activation to images of food.
Brain activities associated with gaming urge of online gaming addiction
Emotional context enhances auditory novelty processing in superior temporal gyrus.
Functional MRI of Verbal Self-monitoring in Schizophrenia: Performance and Illness-Specific Effects
Monitoring effects of acute hypoxia on brain cortical activity by using electromagnetic tomography.
Dynamic causal models of steady-state responses.
Retrieval and unification of syntactic structure in sentence comprehension: an FMRI study using word-category ambiguity.
Distinct roles of left inferior frontal regions that explain individual differences in second language acquisition.
Age-related changes in neural activity associated with familiarity, recollection and false recognition.
Ventral and dorsal pathways for language.
To retrieve or to calculate? Left angular gyrus mediates the retrieval of arithmetic facts during problem solving.
Sensory gating and source analysis of the auditory P50 in low and high suppressors
Cortical Activation in Response to Pure Taste Stimuli During the Physiological States of Hunger and Satiety
A PET [18F]altanserin study of 5-HT2Areceptor binding in the human brain and responses to painful heat stimulation
Regional homogeneity in depression and its relationship with separate depressive symptom clusters: a resting-state fMRI study.
Sex differences in the neuroanatomy of human mirror-neuron system: A voxel-based morphometric investigation
Neurophysiology of swallowing: effects of age and bolus type.
Local sphere-based co-registration for SAM group analysis in subjects without individual MRI.
Pattern of brain atrophy in elderly patients with depression revealed by voxel-based morphometry.
Population dynamics under the Laplace assumption.
Association of regional gray matter volume loss and progression of white matter lesions in multiple sclerosis — A longitudinal voxel-based morphometry study
Preclinical atherosclerosis covaries with individual differences in reactivity and functional connectivity of the amygdala.
Absence of gender effect on children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder as assessed by optimized voxel-based morphometry
FMRI connectivity analysis of acupuncture effects on an amygdala-associated brain network
The separation of processing stages in a lexical interference fMRI-paradigm.
Age-associated reduction of asymmetry in prefrontal function and preservation of conceptual repetition priming.
Brain mechanisms of persuasion: how 'expert power' modulates memory and attitudes.
The neural correlates of trait resilience when anticipating and recovering from threat.
Self-identification and empathy modulate error-related brain activity during the observation of penalty shots between friend and foe.
Amygdala activation during reading of emotional adjectives—an advantage for pleasant content
Do you make a difference? Social context in a betting task.
The role of the amygdala in implicit evaluation of emotionally neutral faces.
Exploring the motivational brain: effects of implicit power motivation on brain activation in response to facial expressions of emotion.
Gender differences in neural mechanisms underlying moral sensitivity.
Mapping social target detection with functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Age-related differences in neural activities during risk taking as revealed by functional MRI.
Individual differences in moral judgment competence influence neural correlates of socio-normative judgments.
The left amygdala knows fear: laterality in the amygdala response to fearful eyes.
Switching language switches mind: linguistic effects on developmental neural bases of 'Theory of Mind'.
Cognitive influences on the affective representation of touch and the sight of touch in the human brain.
Learning affective values for faces is expressed in amygdala and fusiform gyrus.
Evaluating face trustworthiness: a model based approach.
Abnormal cerebral effective connectivity during explicit emotional processing in adults with autism spectrum disorder.
Your pain or mine? Common and distinct neural systems supporting the perception of pain in self and other
Functional abnormalities of the default network during self- and other-reflection in autism.
Mentalizing about emotion and its relationship to empathy.
The self across the senses: an fMRI study of self-face and self-voice recognition.
Time course of superior temporal sulcus activity in response to eye gaze: a combined fMRI and MEG study.
The human amygdala is sensitive to the valence of pictures and sounds irrespective of arousal: an fMRI study.
Self-reflection across time: cortical midline structures differentiate between present and past selves
Morphometric Brain Abnormalities in Schizophrenia in a Population-Based Sample: Relationship to Duration of Illness
Object representations for multiple visual categories overlap in lateral occipital and medial fusiform cortex.
Cortical plasticity of audio-visual object representations.
Acute exercise modulates cigarette cravings and brain activation in response to smoking-related images: an fMRI study.
When elephants fly: differential sensitivity of right and left inferior frontal gyri to discourse and world knowledge.
Brain networks involved in early versus late response anticipation and their relation to conflict processing.
The neural development of an abstract concept of number.
Unification of speaker and meaning in language comprehension: an FMRI study.
The neural basis of object-context relationships on aesthetic judgment.
The Timecourse of Activation Within the Cortical Network Associated with Visual Imagery
Motor Representations and Practice Affect Brain Systems Underlying Imagery: An fMRI Study of Internal Imagery in Novices and Active High Jumpers
An fMRI Study of Word Reading and Colour Recognition in Different Quadrant Fields
The Effects of Alcohol Intoxication on Neuronal Activation at Different Levels of Cognitive Load
HOXA1 A218G polymorphism is associated with smaller cerebellar volume in healthy humans.
Structural brain abnormalities in borderline personality disorder: a voxel-based morphometry study.
Neuroanatomical correlates of neurological soft signs in antipsychotic-naive schizophrenia.
The observation and execution of actions share motor and somatosensory voxels in all tested subjects: single-subject analyses of unsmoothed fMRI data.
Interactions of cognitive reserve with regional brain anatomy and brain function during a working memory task in healthy elders.
The neural basis of surface dyslexia in semantic dementia.
Relation of Reward from Food Intake and Anticipated Food Intake to Obesity: A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Relationship between plasma leptin level and brain structure in elderly: a voxel-based morphometric study.
Differential activation of the anterior cingulate cortex and caudate nucleus during a gambling simulation in persons with a family history of alcoholism: studies from the Oklahoma Family Health Patter
Conflict-related activity in the caudal anterior cingulate cortex in the absence of awareness.
Lion - tiger - stripes: Neural correlates of indirect semantic priming across processing modalities.
Flexible transfer of knowledge in mental arithmetic--an fMRI study.
Brain activity associated with the electrodermal reactivity to acute heat pain.
Developmental changes in category-specific brain responses to numbers and letters in a working memory task.
Neuropathic pain and primary somatosensory cortex reorganization following spinal cord injury.
The role of the posterior parietal cortex in drawing by copying.
Reduced heat pain thresholds after sad-mood induction are associated with changes in thalamic activity.
Abnormal functional connectivity of hippocampus during episodic memory retrieval processing network in amnestic mild cognitive impairment.
Hunger is the best spice: an fMRI study of the effects of attention, hunger and calorie content on food reward processing in the amygdala and orbitofrontal cortex.
The role of the right anterior insular cortex in the right hemisphere preponderance of stimulus-preceding negativity (SPN): an fMRI study.
Posterior Parietal Cortex and Episodic Encoding: Insights from fMRI Subsequent Memory Effects and Dual Attention Theory
Imaging the brain during sniffing: A pilot fMRI study
Interictal dysfunction of a brainstem descending modulatory center in migraine patients.
Multi-site phasic neural activity mediates the execution of an auditory continuous performance task: a PET and electrophysiological study.
Individual preferences modulate incentive values: Evidence from functional MRI
FMRI correlates of visuo-spatial reorienting investigated with an attention shifting double-cue paradigm.
Temporal dynamics of basal ganglia under-recruitment in Parkinson's disease: transient caudate abnormalities during updating of working memory.
A neural mechanism underlying memory failure in older adults.
Modeling a negative response bias in the human amygdala by noradrenergic-glucocorticoid interactions.
Ventrolateral prefrontal cortex and self-initiated semantic elaboration during memory retrieval.
Priming for letters and pseudoletters in mid-fusiform cortex: examining letter selectivity and case invariance.
Constructive episodic simulation of the future and the past: Distinct subsystems of a core brain network mediate imagining and remembering
Interaction between process and content in semantic memory: an fMRI study of noun feature knowledge.
A bilateral occipitotemporal network mediates face perception.
Listening to rhythms activates motor and premotor cortices.
Neural correlates of the individual emotional Stroop in borderline personality disorder
Neural correlates of spontaneous percept switches in ambiguous stimuli: an event-related functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Association of the SerCys DISC1 polymorphism with human hippocampal formation gray matter and function during memory encoding.
Neural substrates of incongruity-resolution and nonsense humor.
Walk-related mimic word activates the extrastriate visual cortex in the human brain: an fMRI study.
The representation of abstract task rules in the human prefrontal cortex.
Visual Awareness, Emotion, and Gamma Band Synchronization
Genetic Subtype Differences in Neural Circuitry of Food Motivation in Prader-Willi Syndrome
Functional Connectivity in Tactile Object Discrimination—A Principal Component Analysis of an Event Related fMRI-Study
Dynamic pupillary exchange engages brain regions encoding social salience
Source localisation in concurrent EEG/fMRI: applications at 7T.
Neural dynamics of learning sound-action associations.
Dissociable prototype learning systems: evidence from brain imaging and behavior.
The cortical dynamics of intelligible speech.
Encoding of spectral correlation over time in auditory cortex.
A functional magnetic resonance imaging study on the neural mechanisms of hyperalgesic nocebo effect.
Patients with schizophrenia have a reduced neural response to both unpredictable and predictable primary reinforcers
Status epilepticus in children with Alpers' disease caused by POLG1 mutations: EEG and MRI features.
Opposite effects of catechol-O-methyltransferase Val158Met on cortical function in healthy subjects and patients with schizophrenia.
Differential brain activation during facial emotion discrimination in first-episode schizophrenia
Effects of methylphenidate on working memory functioning in children with attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder
Coping with emotions past: the neural bases of regulating affect associated with negative autobiographical memories.
Differential brain activation associated with laser-evoked burning and pricking pain: An event-related fMRI study.
Distinct striatal regions for planning and executing novel and automated movement sequences.
Disclosing concealed information on the basis of cortical activations
Neural differences in the processing of true and false sentences: insights into the nature of 'truth' in language comprehension.
Limitations to plasticity of language network reorganization in localization related epilepsy.
A transition from unimodal to multimodal activations in four sensory modalities in humans: an electrophysiological study
A comparative study of cognition and brain anatomy between two neurodevelopmental disorders: 22q11.2 deletion syndrome and Williams syndrome.
Sex differences in the brain response to affective scenes with or without humans
The neural substrates of verum acupuncture compared to non-penetrating placebo needle: an fMRI study.
fMRI congruous word repetition effects reflect memory variability in normal elderly
Separate neural processes for retrieval of voice identity and word content in working memory.
Brain activity for peripheral biological motion in the posterior superior temporal gyrus and the fusiform gyrus: Dependence on visual hemifield and view orientation
Functional MRI Detection of Deception After Committing a Mock Sabotage Crime
Functional connectivity of the inferior frontal cortex changes with age in children with autism spectrum disorders: a fcMRI study of response inhibition.
Grasping ideas with the motor system: semantic somatotopy in idiom comprehension.
Hypo-retrieval and hyper-suppression mechanisms in functional amnesia.
Can voxel based morphometry, manual segmentation and automated segmentation equally detect hippocampal volume differences in acute depression?
Neural substrates of low-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation during movement in healthy subjects and acute stroke patients. A PET study.
Contribution of the anterior insula to temporal auditory processing deficits in developmental dyslexia.
Two systems of resting state connectivity between the insula and cingulate cortex.
Intentional inhibition: how the "veto-area" exerts control.
Widespread fMRI activity differences between perceptual states in visual rivalry are correlated with differences in observer biases.
A Tc-99m SPECT study of regional cerebral blood flow in patients with transient global amnesia
Neuroanatomical correlates of musicianship as revealed by cortical thickness and voxel-based morphometry.
Performance effects of nicotine during selective attention, divided attention, and simple stimulus detection: an fMRI study.
Neural markers of inhibition in human memory retrieval.
Abnormal fMRI Connectivity in Children with Dyslexia During a Phoneme Task: Before But Not After Treatment
Working memory dysfunction in obsessive–compulsive disorder: A neuropsychological and functional MRI study
Increased activation of the left hippocampus region in Complex PTSD during encoding and recognition of emotional words: a pilot study.
Multimodal motion processing in area V5/MT: evidence from an artificial class of audio-visual events.
Specific role of medial prefrontal cortex in retrieving recent autobiographical memories: an fMRI study of young female subjects.
Localisation of regions of intense pleasure response evoked by soccer goals
Dissociable neural effects of stimulus valence and preceding context during the inhibition of responses to emotional faces.
Cerebral glucose metabolic response to combined total sleep deprivation and antidepressant treatment in geriatric depression: a randomized, placebo-controlled study.
Contact heat evoked potentials using simultaneous EEG and fMRI and their correlation with evoked pain
Attention enhances the neural processing of relevant features and suppresses the processing of irrelevant features in humans: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study of the Stroop task.
Involvement of inferior parietal lobules in prospective memory impairment during acute MDMA (ecstasy) intoxication: an event-related fMRI study.
Recovery from hemineglect: differential neurobiological effects of optokinetic stimulation and alertness training.
Polymorphism of DCDC2 Reveals Differences in Cortical Morphology of Healthy Individuals—A Preliminary Voxel Based Morphometry Study
White-matter lesions along the cholinergic tracts are related to cortical sources of EEG rhythms in amnesic mild cognitive impairment.
Reduced fronto-temporal connectivity is associated with frontal gray matter density reduction and neuropsychological deficit in schizophrenia.
Neural substrates of explicit and implicit fear memory
Imagined locomotion in the blind: an fMRI study.
Domain-specific reorganization of semantic processing after extensive damage to the left temporal lobe.
Dissociating verbal and nonverbal audiovisual object processing.
Reduced gray matter volume in ventral prefrontal cortex but not amygdala in bipolar disorder: significant effects of gender and trait anxiety.
Differential activation of face memory encoding tasks in alcohol-dependent patients compared to healthy subjects: an fMRI study.
Functional imaging studies of episodic memory in Alzheimer's disease: a quantitative meta-analysis
Connectivity and signal intensity in the parieto-occipital cortex predicts top-down attentional effect in visual masking: an fMRI study based on individual differences.
The extreme capsule in humans and rethinking of the language circuitry.
Habitual traffic noise at home reduces cardiac parasympathetic tone during sleep
24-h smoking abstinence potentiates fMRI-BOLD activation to smoking cues in cerebral cortex and dorsal striatum.
Regional brain activation changes and abnormal functional connectivity of the ventrolateral prefrontal cortex during working memory processing in adults with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.
Linearity of the fMRI response in category-selective regions of human visual cortex.
Extraction of situational meaning by integrating multiple meanings in a complex environment: a functional MRI study.
White-matter abnormalities in attention deficit hyperactivity disorder: a diffusion tensor imaging study.
Neural basis of individualistic and collectivistic views of self.
Prediction of subjective affective state from brain activations.
Discrete parieto-frontal functional connectivity related to grasping.
Explaining function with anatomy: language lateralization and corpus callosum size.
Value-based modulations in human visual cortex
Parietal modules for reaching.
Prefrontal and medial temporal contributions to episodic memory-based reasoning.
EEG-vigilance and BOLD effect during simultaneous EEG/fMRI measurement
Articulatory mediation of speech perception: a causal analysis of multi-modal imaging data.
Syntax without language: neurobiological evidence for cross-domain syntactic computations.
The neural basis for simulated drawing and the semantic implications.
Optic flow stimuli in and near the visual field centre: a group FMRI study of motion sensitive regions.
Task-specific codes for face recognition: how they shape the neural representation of features for detection and individuation.
Neural correlates of resolving uncertainty in driver's decision making.
Repetition suppression for performed hand gestures revealed by fMRI.
Increased self-focus in major depressive disorder is related to neural abnormalities in subcortical-cortical midline structures.
Postconcussion syndrome after minor head injury: brain activation of working memory and attention.
Semantic domain-specific functional integration for action-related vs. abstract concepts.
A distributed neural system for top-down face processing.
Aging and cortical mechanisms of speech perception in noise.
Understanding social dysfunction in the behavioural variant of frontotemporal dementia: the role of emotion and sarcasm processing.
Meta-analysis of diffusion tensor imaging studies in schizophrenia
Personality predicts the brain's response to viewing appetizing foods: the neural basis of a risk factor for overeating.
Relating structure to function: Heschl's gyrus and acoustic processing.
Distinct memory signatures in the hippocampus: intentional States distinguish match and mismatch enhancement signals.
Dynamic changes in brain activity during prism adaptation.
NEURAL MECHANISMS OF AUDITORY DISCRIMINATION OF LONG-DURATION TONAL PATTERNS: A NEURAL MODELING AND FMRI STUDY
Perspective-taking as part of narrative comprehension: a functional MRI study.
Short-term adaptation to a simple motor task: a physiological process preserved in multiple sclerosis.
Neural mechanisms underlying drug-related cue distraction in active cocaine users
Brain mechanisms associated with background monitoring of the environment for potentially significant sensory events.
Diurnal cortisol amplitude and fronto-limbic activity in response to stressful stimuli
Impaired prefrontal cortical function and disrupted adaptive cognitive control in methamphetamine abusers: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Structural changes in the somatosensory system correlate with tic severity in Gilles de la Tourette syndrome.
The functional role of the inferior parietal lobe in the dorsal and ventral stream dichotomy
Cortical oscillatory power changes during auditory oddball task revealed by spatially filtered magnetoencephalography
The embodied nature of motor imagery: the influence of posture and perspective.
Functional interactions between the cerebellum and the premotor cortex for error correction during the slow rate force production task: an fMRI study.
A Voxel-Based Diffusion Tensor Imaging Study of White Matter in Bipolar Disorder
Reinforcement learning signal predicts social conformity.
Pain-related effects of trait anger expression: neural substrates and the role of endogenous opioid mechanisms.
An investigation of the effects of relative probability of old and new test items on the neural correlates of successful and unsuccessful source memory.
Sex and performance level effects on brain activation during a verbal fluency task: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Decomposing interference during Stroop performance into different conflict factors: an event-related fMRI study.
Body expressions of emotion do not trigger fear contagion in autism spectrum disorder.
The amygdala response to images with impact.
Neural correlates of motor dysfunction in children with traumatic brain injury: exploration of compensatory recruitment patterns.
Cholinergic modulation of the cerebral metabolic response to citalopram in Alzheimer's disease
Social conceptual impairments in frontotemporal lobar degeneration with right anterior temporal hypometabolism.
Brain volumetry counterparts of cognitive impairment in patients with multiple sclerosis.
Mapping grey matter reductions in schizophrenia: an anatomical likelihood estimation analysis of voxel-based morphometry studies.
Mood influences supraspinal pain processing separately from attention.
The processing of three-dimensional shape from disparity in the human brain.
Neuroanatomy of Apathy and Disinhibition in Frontotemporal Lobar Degeneration
Laboratory-based and autobiographical retrieval tasks differ substantially in their neural substrates
Is family special to the brain? An event-related fMRI study of familiar, familial, and self-face recognition
Expectancy and treatment interactions: a dissociation between acupuncture analgesia and expectancy evoked placebo analgesia.
Effects of acute nicotine on brain function in healthy smokers and non-smokers: estimation of inter-individual response heterogeneity.
Predicting judged similarity of natural categories from their neural representations.
The Role of Spectral and Durational Properties on Hemispheric Asymmetries in Vowel Perception
Lack of generalizability of sex differences in the fMRI BOLD activity associated with language processing in adults.
FMRI evidence of a functional network setting the criteria for withholding a response
Role of medial cortical, hippocampal and striatal interactions during cognitive set-shifting.
Exploratory structural equation modeling of resting-state fMRI: applicability of group models to individual subjects.
The somatotopy of speech: phonation and articulation in the human motor cortex.
Congenitally altered motor experience alters somatotopic organization of human primary motor cortex.
BOLD Correlates of Trial-by-Trial Reaction Time Variability in Gray and White Matter: A Multi-Study fMRI Analysis
Measuring fMRI reliability with the intra-class correlation coefficient.
Imaging the impossible: an fMRI study of impossible causal relationships in magic tricks.
Multiple neural networks supporting a semantic task: an fMRI study using independent component analysis.
Neural basis of interaction between target presence and display homogeneity in visual search: an fMRI study.
Laser-evoked potential P2 single-trial amplitudes covary with the fMRI BOLD response in the medial pain system and interconnected subcortical structures.
Neural correlates of semantic ambiguity processing during context verification.
Commonalities in the neural mechanisms underlying automatic attentional shifts by gaze, gestures, and symbols.
Sustained and transient language control in the bilingual brain
Attention to somatosensory events is directly linked to the preparation for action.
Neuroanatomical differences between familial and sporadic schizophrenia and their parents: an optimized voxel-based morphometry study.
Overlap and segregation in predorsal premotor cortex activations related to free selection of self-referenced and target-based finger movements.
Double dissociation between motor and visual imagery in the posterior parietal cortex.
Altered Impulse Control in Alcohol Dependence: Neural Measures of Stop Signal Performance
Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious: how the brain learns words never heard before.
Syllable congruency and word frequency effects on brain activation.
A method for accurate group difference detection by constraining the mixing coefficients in an ICA framework.
ICA decomposition of EEG signal for fMRI processing in epilepsy.
A multiparametric evaluation of regional brain damage in patients with primary progressive multiple sclerosis.
The free choice whether or not to respond after stimulus presentation.
Fact learning in complex arithmetic and figural-spatial tasks: the role of the angular gyrus and its relation to mathematical competence.
Effects of different viewing perspectives on somatosensory activations during observation of touch.
Diminished neural sensitivity to irregular facial expression in first-episode schizophrenia.
Differential force scaling of fine-graded power grip force in the sensorimotor network.
Anticipation of monetary and social reward differently activates mesolimbic brain structures in men and women.
Focal cortical dysplasia: a genotype-phenotype analysis of polymorphisms and mutations in the TSC genes.
Cortico-limbic response to personally challenging emotional stimuli after complete recovery from depression.
Neural correlates of episodic and semantic memory retrieval in borderline personality disorder: an fMRI study.
Influence of Emotional Expression on Memory Recognition Bias in Schizophrenia as Revealed by fMRI
Working memory-related hippocampal deactivation interferes with long-term memory formation.
Genetically determined interaction between the dopamine transporter and the D2 receptor on prefronto-striatal activity and volume in humans.
Neural correlates of probabilistic category learning in patients with schizophrenia.
Abnormal prefrontal cortical activity and connectivity during response selection in first episode psychosis, chronic schizophrenia, and unaffected siblings of individuals with schizophrenia.
Activation of the caudal anterior cingulate cortex due to task-related interference in an auditory Stroop paradigm.
From phonemes to articulatory codes: an fMRI study of the role of Broca's area in speech production.
Effects of Alcohol on Performance on a Distraction Task During Simulated Driving
Off-line sentence processing: what is involved in answering a comprehension probe?
Strength of prefrontal activation predicts intensity of suggestion-induced pain.
Reduced language lateralization in first-episode schizophrenia: an fMRI index of functional asymmetry.
Neural mechanism of intertemporal choice: from discounting future gains to future losses.
Can we share a pain we never felt? Neural correlates of empathy in patients with congenital insensitivity to pain.
Voxel-based morphometry and Voxel-based relaxometry in parkinsonian variant of multiple system atrophy.
Decreased cortical somatosensory finger representation in X-linked recessive bulbospinal neuronopathy (Kennedy disease): a magnetoencephalographic study.
Functional brain changes in early Parkinson's disease during motor response and motor inhibition
Crossmodal integration of object features: voxel-based correlations in brain-damaged patients.
MRI brain activation in first-episode bipolar mania during a response inhibition task
Are women better mindreaders? Sex differences in neural correlates of mentalizing detected with functional MRI
Abnormal neural filtering of irrelevant visual information in depression.
Re-evaluating dorsolateral prefrontal cortex activation during working memory in schizophrenia.
The role of the dorsal anterior cingulate in evaluating behavior for achieving gains and avoiding losses.
Co-localization of stroop and syntactic ambiguity resolution in Broca's area: implications for the neural basis of sentence processing.
Functional neuroanatomy of contextual acquisition of concrete and abstract words.
Interactions between voluntary and stimulus-driven spatial attention mechanisms across sensory modalities.
Sexual dimorphism in the parietal substrate associated with visuospatial cognition independent of general intelligence.
Order and magnitude share a common representation in parietal cortex.
Sources of top-down control in visual search.
Beyond hemispheric dominance: brain regions underlying the joint lateralization of language and arithmetic to the left hemisphere.
How do we empathize with someone who is not like us? A functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Cross-cultural reading the mind in the eyes: an fMRI investigation.
Dynamic cultural influences on neural representations of the self.
In search of recollection and familiarity signals in the hippocampus.
Context conditioning and extinction in humans: differential contribution of the hippocampus, amygdala and prefrontal cortex.
Reorganization of cortical hand representation in congenital hemiplegia.
Differences in feedback- and inhibition-related neural activity in adult ADHD.
Natural facial motion enhances cortical responses to faces.
Magnetization transfer imaging reveals the brain deficit in patients with treatment-refractory depression.
Neural activity associated with the passive prediction of ambiguity and risk for aversive events.
Following one's heart: cardiac rhythms gate central initiation of sympathetic reflexes.
Manipulating time-to-plan alters patterns of brain activation during the Fitts' task.
The role of the hippocampus in transitive inference.
The resting brain: unconstrained yet reliable.
Hippocampal underactivation in an fMRI study of word and face memory recognition in schizophrenia.
A double dissociation between striate and extrastriate visual cortex for pattern motion perception revealed using rTMS.
Neural response to reward anticipation under risk is nonlinear in probabilities.
Own-song recognition in the songbird auditory pathway: selectivity and lateralization.
Altered resting state in diabetic neuropathic pain.
Neural and behavioural responses to threat in men with a history of serious violence and schizophrenia or antisocial personality disorder
Vowel-specific mismatch responses in the anterior superior temporal gyrus: an fMRI study.
Early Hyperandrogenism Affects the Development of Hippocampal Function: Preliminary Evidence from a Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study of Boys with Familial Male Precocious Puberty
A continuous emotional task activates the left amygdala in healthy volunteers: (18)FDG PET study.
White matter impairments in autism, evidence from voxel-based morphometry and diffusion tensor imaging.
Stimulus-response profile during single-pulse transcranial magnetic stimulation to the primary motor cortex.
When all hypotheses are right: a multifocal account of dyslexia.
Common cortical loci are activated during visuospatial interpolation and orientation discrimination judgements.
The neural architecture of music-evoked autobiographical memories.
The influence of multiple primes on bottom-up and top-down regulation during meaning retrieval: evidence for 2 distinct neural networks.
Neural basis of sentence processing in which incoming words form a sentence.
An fMRI Study of the Neural Correlates of Incidental Versus Directed Emotion Processing in Pediatric Bipolar Disorder
Activation of anterior insula during self-reflection.
Functional Connectivity of Reward Processing in the Brain
An fMRI study of visual attention and sensorimotor function before and after antipsychotic treatment in first-episode schizophrenia.
Double dissociation between perspective-taking and empathic-concern as predictors of hemodynamic response to another's mistakes.
Brain activation during anticipation of sound sequences.
Highly religious participants recruit areas of social cognition in personal prayer.
Noradrenergic enhancement of amygdala responses to fear.
Neural mechanisms of grief regulation.
Rapid cortical reorganisation and improved sensitivity of the hand following cutaneous anaesthesia of the forearm.
Brain perfusion SPECT with an automated quantitative tool can identify prodromal Alzheimer's disease among patients with mild cognitive impairment
Cortical network functional connectivity in the descent to sleep.
State-dependent microstructural white matter changes in bipolar I depression
Now or Later? An fMRI study of the effects of endogenous opioid blockade on a decision-making network
fMRI-activation patterns in the detection of concealed information rely on memory-related effects.
Citicoline Affects Appetite and Cortico-Limbic Responses to Images of High Calorie Foods
FMRI of Alterations in Reward Selection, Anticipation, and Feedback in Major Depressive Disorder
White matter abnormalities in schizophrenia patients with tardive dyskinesia: a diffusion tensor image study.
Altered frontal-parietal functioning during verbal working memory in children and adolescents with heavy prenatal alcohol exposure.
Prior MDMA (Ecstasy) use is associated with increased basal ganglia-thalamocortical circuit activation during motor task performance in humans: an fMRI study.
Signal quality of simultaneously recorded invasive and non-invasive EEG.
Alterations in nicotinic α4β2 receptor binding in vascular dementia using123I-5IA-85380 SPECT: Comparison with regional cerebral blood flow
Rapid retinotopic reactivation during spatial memory.
Aging Influences the Neural Correlates of Lexical Decision but Not Automatic Semantic Priming
Cognitive and neural foundations of religious belief.
The architecture of the golfer's brain.
Dissociating What and When of Intentional Actions
The effects of rehearsal on the functional neuroanatomy of episodic autobiographical and semantic remembering: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Temporal order judgments activate temporal parietal junction.
The underlying anatomical correlates of long-term meditation: Larger hippocampal and frontal volumes of gray matter
A lack of default network suppression is linked to increased distractibility in ADHD
Dissecting medial temporal lobe contributions to item and associative memory formation.
Age-related gray matter volume changes in the brain during non-elderly adulthood
Spatiotemporal dipole source localization of face processing ERPs in adolescents: a preliminary study
Investigation of the neural correlates underlying action observation in multiple sclerosis patients
Left posterior parietal cortex participates in both task preparation and episodic retrieval.
Visual features of an observed agent do not modulate human brain activity during action observation.
Lesion mapping of cognitive abilities linked to intelligence.
Ventrolateral prefrontal cortex activity associated with individual differences in arbitrary delayed paired-association learning performance: A functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Patterns of Hippocampal Shape and Volume Differences in Blind Subjects
Dysfunction of the social brain in schizophrenia is modulated by intention type: An fMRI study
Functional and effective connectivity of visuomotor control systems demonstrated using generalized partial least squares and structural equation modeling.
Tuning of the visual word processing system: distinct developmental ERP and fMRI effects.
Functional abnormalities in the dyslexic brain: A quantitative meta-analysis of neuroimaging studies
Functional interactions guiding adaptive processing of behavioral significance.
Consistency and variability in functional localisers.
Deficient responses from the lateral geniculate nucleus in humans with amblyopia.
Automated normalized FLAIR imaging in MRI-negative patients with refractory focal epilepsy.
Size matters: increased grey matter in boys with conduct problems and callous-unemotional traits.
Structural correlates of semantic and phonemic fluency ability in first and second languages.
Cortical mapping of naming errors in aphasia.
Common and specific contributions of the intraparietal sulci to numerosity and length processing.
A specific role of the human hippocampus in recall of temporal sequences.
Neural signatures of semantic and phonemic fluency in young and old adults.
Activating Event Knowledge
Cortical sources of resting-state alpha rhythms are abnormal in persistent vegetative state patients.
Patterns of anterior cingulate activation in schizophrenia: a selective review
Deriving angular displacement from optic flow: a fMRI study.
Neural systems underlying lexical competition: an eye tracking and fMRI study.
Visual and semantic processing of living things and artifacts: an FMRI study.
Going their separate ways: dissociation of hippocampal and dorsolateral prefrontal activation during episodic retrieval and post-retrieval processing.
Effective connectivity of the fronto-parietal network during attentional control.
On the processing of semantic aspects of experience in the anterior medial temporal lobe: an event-related fMRI study.
Memory repression: brain mechanisms underlying dissociative amnesia.
Auditory working memory load impairs visual ventral stream processing: toward a unified model of attentional load.
Spatial attention can modulate audiovisual integration at multiple cortical and subcortical sites.
Basal ganglia and frontal involvement in self-generated and externally-triggered finger movements in the dominant and non-dominant hand.
The neuroanatomy of grapheme-color synesthesia.
Functional connectivity during a social emotion task in adolescents and in adults.
Audiovisual integration of speech is disturbed in schizophrenia: an fMRI study.
Personality traits related to juvenile myoclonic epilepsy: MRI reveals prefrontal abnormalities through a voxel-based morphometry study
Interaural temporal and coherence cues jointly contribute to successful sound movement perception and activation of parietal cortex.
When doing nothing is an option: the neural correlates of deciding whether to act or not.
Parietal regions processing visual 3D shape extracted from disparity.
What motivates repayment? Neural correlates of reciprocity in the Trust Game.
Not what you expect: experience but not expectancy predicts conditioned responses in human visual and supplementary cortex.
Lithium therapy for HIV-1 Associated Neurocognitive Impairment
Comparison of fMRI data from passive listening and active-response story processing tasks in children
Taxonomic and thematic categories: Neural correlates of categorization in an auditory-to-visual priming task using fMRI.
Interference control during recognition of facial affect enhances the processing of expression specific properties--an event-related fMRI study.
Temporal Sequence of Hemispheric Network Activation during Semantic Processing: A Functional Network Connectivity Analysis
In search of the depressive self: extended medial prefrontal network during self-referential processing in major depression.
Brain structures involved in visual search in the presence and absence of color singletons.
Neural correlates of human body perception.
Monitoring coordination during bimanual movements: where is the mastermind?
Blindsight mediated by an S-cone-independent collicular pathway: an fMRI study in hemispherectomized subjects.
Interference of working memory load with long-term memory formation.
Transitive inference: distinct contributions of rostrolateral prefrontal cortex and the hippocampus.
Task-dependent activation of face-sensitive cortex: an fMRI adaptation study.
Span, CRUNCH, and beyond: working memory capacity and the aging brain.
A multimodal neural network recruited by expertise with musical notation.
Processing of the incentive for social approval in the ventral striatum during charitable donation.
Brain changes in children and adolescents with obsessive-compulsive disorder before and after treatment: a voxel-based morphometric MRI study.
The neural basis of unconditional love.
Long-term effects of cognitive behavior therapy on brain activation in spider phobia.
Spatial and effector processing in the human parietofrontal network for reaches and saccades.
Dopaminergic neuromodulation of semantic processing: a 4-T FMRI study with levodopa.
Movement-specific repetition suppression in ventral and dorsal premotor cortex during action observation.
Medial prefrontal cortex 5-HT(2A) density is correlated with amygdala reactivity, response habituation, and functional coupling.
A domain-independent source of cognitive control for task sets: shifting spatial attention and switching categorization rules.
An investigation of the relationship between fMRI and ERP source localized measurements of brain activity during face processing.
The neural basis of visuospatial perception in Alzheimer's disease and healthy elderly comparison subjects: an fMRI study.
Ibuprofen treatment modifies cortical sources of EEG rhythms in mild Alzheimer's disease.
Common neural substrates support speech and non-speech vocal tract gestures.
Understanding why patients with schizophrenia do not perceive the hollow-mask illusion using dynamic causal modelling.
Syntactic priming in German-English bilinguals during sentence comprehension.
The processing and representation of fractions within the brain: an fMRI investigation.
Duration matters: dissociating neural correlates of detection and evaluation of social gaze.
Neural response to reward anticipation is modulated by Gray's impulsivity.
Orientation-specific adaptation to mentally generated lines in human visual cortex.
Facial Emotion Processing in Schizophrenia: A Meta-analysis of Functional Neuroimaging Data
Methylphenidate modulates activity within cognitive neural networks of patients with post-stroke major depression: A placebo-controlled fMRI study
Cortical and subcortical networks in human secondarily generalized tonic–clonic seizures
Do parkinsonian patients have trouble telling lies? The neurobiological basis of deceptive behaviour
Segregated and integrated coding of reward and punishment in the cingulate cortex.
What is the position of an arm relative to the body? Neural correlates of body schema and body structural description.
Development of a Human Brain Diffusion Tensor Template
On a basal ganglia role in learning and rehearsing visual-motor associations.
Memory activation in healthy nonagenarians.
Ichi, Ni, 3, 4: neural representation of kana, kanji, and Arabic numbers in native Japanese speakers.
Genotype-phenotype interactions in primary dystonias revealed by differential changes in brain structure.
Time-variant fMRI activity in the brainstem and higher structures in response to acupuncture.
Auditory-motor integration during fast repetition: the neuronal correlates of shadowing.
Functional MRI study of memory-related brain regions in patients with depressive disorder.
Attachment avoidance modulates neural response to masked facial emotion.
Detection of differential speech-specific processes in the temporal lobe using fMRI and a dynamic "sound morphing" technique.
Two cortical mechanisms support the integration of visual and auditory speech: a hypothesis and preliminary data.
Converging evidence for abnormalities of the prefrontal cortex and evaluation of midsagittal structures in pediatric posttraumatic stress disorder: an MRI study.
CATEGORICAL AND CORRELATIONAL ANALYSES OF BASELINE FLUORODEOXYGLUCOSE POSITRON EMISSION TOMOGRAPHY IMAGES FROM THE ALZHEIMER’S DISEASE NEUROIMAGING INITIATIVE (ADNI)
Investigating the benefits of multi-echo EPI for fMRI at 7 T.
A general method of Bayesian estimation for parametric imaging of the brain
Tuning down the emotional brain: an fMRI study of the effects of cognitive load on the processing of affective images.
Hyperstimulation of striatal D2 receptors with sleep deprivation: Implications for cognitive impairment.
BOLD signal in intraparietal sulcus covaries with magnitude of implicitly driven attention shifts.
Local pattern classification differentiates processes of economic valuation.
Neural systems of visual attention responding to emotional gestures.
The neural correlates of social attention: automatic orienting to social and nonsocial cues
Time-varied characteristics of acupuncture effects in fMRI studies.
Dissociating networks of imitation.
Neural integration of iconic and unrelated coverbal gestures: a functional MRI study.
Functional connectivity in the default network during resting state is preserved in a vegetative but not in a brain dead patient.
Genetic variation in the schizophrenia-risk gene neuregulin 1 correlates with brain activation and impaired speech production in a verbal fluency task in healthy individuals.
Response inhibition among early adolescents prenatally exposed to tobacco: An fMRI study
Toward a functional neuroanatomy of dysthymia: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Dorsolateral and dorsomedial prefrontal gray matter density changes associated with bipolar depression.
An additive-factors design to disambiguate neuronal and areal convergence: measuring multisensory interactions between audio, visual, and haptic sensory streams using fMRI.
Interaction of stimulus-driven reorienting and expectation in ventral and dorsal frontoparietal and basal ganglia-cortical networks.
Effort-based cost-benefit valuation and the human brain.
Developmental trajectories of magnitude processing and interference control: an FMRI study.
After facing traumatic stress: Brain activation, cognition and stress coping in policemen
Combined distributed source and single-trial EEG–fMRI modeling: Application to effortful decision making processes
Reduced white matter integrity correlated with cortico-subcortical gray matter deficits in schizophrenia.
Abnormal cerebral metabolism during menstrual pain in primary dysmenorrhea
On the selection of words and oral motor responses: evidence of a response-independent fronto-parietal network.
The role of large-scale neural interactions for developmental stuttering
Activation in brain energy regulation and reward centers by food cues varies with choice of visual stimulus
Neural correlates of word production stages delineated by parametric modulation of psycholinguistic variables.
Mental reversal of imagined melodies: a role for the posterior parietal cortex.
Neural correlates of symbolic number comparison in developmental dyscalculia.
Contrasting effects of vocabulary knowledge on temporal and parietal brain structure across lifespan.
Neural Basis of Repetition Priming during Mathematical Cognition: Repetition Suppression or Repetition Enhancement?
Sex Differences in Resting-State Neural Correlates of Openness to Experience among Older Adults
Neuroanatomical correlates of visual field bias: a sensitive system for detecting potential threats?
Early implicit contextual change detection in anterior prefrontal cortex.
Neural activities underlying environmental and personal risk identification tasks.
Serotonin Modulation of Cerebral Glucose Metabolism in Depressed Older Adults
Object naming and action-verb generation in Parkinson's disease: a fMRI study.
Functional compensation of motor function in pre-symptomatic Huntington's disease.
Brain regions related to tool use and action knowledge reflect nicotine dependence.
Microstructural Status of Ipsilesional and Contralesional Corticospinal Tract Correlates with Motor Skill in Chronic Stroke Patients
Control of bladder sensations: an fMRI study of brain activity and effective connectivity.
Two different faces of threat. Comparing the neural systems for recognizing fear and anger in dynamic body expressions.
Altered effective connectivity and anomalous anatomy in the basal ganglia-thalamocortical circuit of stuttering speakers.
Serotonin transporter polymorphisms, microstructural white matter abnormalities and remission of geriatric depression
No consistent difference in gray matter volume between individuals with fibromyalgia and age-matched healthy subjects when controlling for affective disorder
Offset analgesia is mediated by activation in the region of the periaqueductal grey and rostral ventromedial medulla.
Differential activation of the striatum for decision making and outcomes in a monetary task with gain and loss.
Neural correlates of narrative shifts during auditory story comprehension.
Gender differences in the functional and structural neuroanatomy of mathematical cognition.
An fMRI study of cytokine-induced depressed mood and social pain: the role of sex differences.
Neural bases of individual differences in beat perception.
Neural substrates of letter fluency processing in young adults who were born very preterm: alterations in frontal and striatal regions.
Neural substrates of visual paired associates in young adults with a history of very preterm birth: alterations in fronto-parieto-occipital networks and caudate nucleus.
The neural representation of extensively trained ordered sequences.
The Incidence of Molluscum contagiosum among American Indians and Alaska Natives
The effect of the COMT val(158)met polymorphism on neural correlates of semantic verbal fluency.
Right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex is engaged during post-retrieval processing of both episodic and semantic information.
Connecting long distance: semantic distance in analogical reasoning modulates frontopolar cortex activity.
Contingency learning in human fear conditioning involves the ventral striatum.
Neural Recruitment for the Production of Native and Novel Speech Sounds
Anti-inflammatory drugs reduce age-related decreases in brain volume in cognitively normal older adults.
Integrating visual and tactile information in the perirhinal cortex.
Sleep promotes the neural reorganization of remote emotional memory.
No gender differences in brain activation during the N-back task: an fMRI study in healthy individuals.
Decreased connectivity and cerebellar activity in autism during motor task performance.
Low- and high-level first-order random-dot kinematograms: evidence from fMRI.
Neural encoding of sound duration persists in older adults.
Impaired attention network in temporal lobe epilepsy: a resting FMRI study.
Brain pathways of verbal working memory: a lesion-function correlation study.
Neural correlates of emotion processing in borderline personality disorder.
The brain network underlying serial visual search: comparing overt and covert spatial orienting, for activations and for effective connectivity.
An fMRI study of functional abnormalities in the verbal working memory system and the relationship to clinical symptoms in chronic schizophrenia.
Activation of the left inferior frontal gyrus in the first 200 ms of reading: evidence from magnetoencephalography (MEG).
Attention, intention, and strategy in preparatory control.
Evidence for long-range feedback in target detection: Detection of semantic targets modulates activity in early visual areas.
Distinguishing the processing of gestures from signs in deaf individuals: an fMRI study.
Using co-variations in the Hb signal to detect visual activation: a near infrared spectroscopic imaging study.
Depression in Parkinson's disease: Convergence from voxel-based morphometry and functional magnetic resonance imaging in the limbic thalamus
Functional connectivity reveals inefficient working memory systems in post-traumatic stress disorder.
Emotion regulation in spider phobia: role of the medial prefrontal cortex.
The role of right and left parietal lobes in the conceptual processing of numbers.
Remember the source: dissociating frontal and parietal contributions to episodic memory.
The neural bases of distraction and reappraisal.
Specific and nonspecific neural activity during selective processing of visual representations in working memory.
Bending the rules: strategic behavioral differences are reflected in the brain.
Spatial attention evokes similar activation patterns for visual and auditory stimuli.
Brain activation abnormalities during speech and non-speech in stuttering speakers.
Cortical activity during manual response inhibition guided by color and orientation cues.
Aberrant functional connectivity in autism: Evidence from low-frequency BOLD signal fluctuations
Olfactory-induced brain activity in Parkinson's disease relates to the expression of event-related potentials: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Functional MRI Changes in Amnestic and Non-Amnestic MCI During Encoding and Recognition Tasks
Acute psychological stress reduces working memory-related activity in the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex.
Cognitive conflict and inhibition in primed dichotic listening.
Functional heterogeneity of inferior parietal cortex during mathematical cognition assessed with cytoarchitectonic probability maps.
What motivates the adolescent? Brain regions mediating reward sensitivity across adolescence.
Detecting functional connectivity in fMRI using PCA and regression analysis.
Quantification of gray matter changes in the cerebral cortex after isolated cerebellar damage: a voxel-based morphometry study
Neuroimaging of response interference in twins concordant or discordant for inattention and hyperactivity symptoms
Abnormalities of intrinsic functional connectivity in autism spectrum disorders.
Association between triallelic polymorphism of the serotonin transporter and [18F]MPPF binding potential at 5-HT1Areceptors in healthy subjects
Neural bases of behavior selection without an objective correct answer.
Neural basis of attributional style in schizophrenia.
Evidence of dysfunctional pain inhibition in Fibromyalgia reflected in rACC during provoked pain.
The neural substrates of cognitive control deficits in autism spectrum disorders.
Aberrant functional activation in school age children at-risk for mathematical disability: a functional imaging study of simple arithmetic skill.
A review of neuroimaging studies of stressor-evoked blood pressure reactivity: Emerging evidence for a brain-body pathway to coronary heart disease risk
Functional Brain Networks Develop from a “Local to Distributed” Organization
Prior Information biases stimulus representations during vibrotactile decision making.
Dissociating source memory decisions in the prefrontal cortex: fMRI of diagnostic and disqualifying monitoring.
Item retrieval and competition in noun and verb generation: an FMRI study.
Observing learned object-specific functional grasps preferentially activates the ventral stream.
Structural brain changes in tinnitus: grey matter decrease in auditory and non-auditory brain areas.
Error detection failures in schizophrenia: ERPs and FMRI.
Recording event-related activity under hostile magnetic resonance environment: Is multimodal EEG/ERP-MRI recording possible?
Neural correlates of "analytical-specific visual perception" and degree of task difficulty as investigated by the Mangina-Test: a functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) study in young healthy ad
Neural correlates of admiration and compassion.
Changes of resting state brain networks in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis
Language regions of brain are operative in color perception.
Prefrontal-temporal gray matter deficits in bipolar disorder patients with persecutory delusions.
Neurobiological mechanisms underlying emotional processing in relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis.
Dopaminergic response to drug words in cocaine addiction.
Observation of Static Pictures of Dynamic Actions Enhances the Activity of Movement-Related Brain Areas
Separating event-related BOLD components within trials: the partial-trial design revisited.
Basal ganglia contribution to the initiation of corrective submovements.
Inflammation causes mood changes through alterations in subgenual cingulate activity and mesolimbic connectivity.
Neural correlates of pragmatic language comprehension in autism spectrum disorders.
The blame game: the effect of responsibility and social stigma on empathy for pain.
Impact of serotonin transporter gene polymorphism on brain activation by colorectal distention.
Inhibitory spillover: Intentional motor inhibition produces incidental limbic inhibition via right inferior frontal cortex
BOLD signal in insula is differentially related to cardiac function during compassion meditation in experts vs. novices.
Inefficient neural activity in patients with schizophrenia and nonpsychotic relatives of schizophrenic patients: Evidence from a working memory task
The neural basis of cognitive control: response selection and inhibition.
Bilingual aphasia and language control: A follow-up fMRI and intrinsic connectivity study
Anatomical specificity of functional amygdala imaging of responses to stimuli with positive and negative emotional valence.
Acupuncture modulates spontaneous activities in the anticorrelated resting brain networks.
Strategies for longitudinal neuroimaging studies of overt language production.
Cerebral control of the lower urinary tract: how age-related changes might predispose to urge incontinence.
Regulation of natural killer cell redistribution by prefrontal cortex during stochastic learning.
Compassionate attitude towards others' suffering activates the mesolimbic neural system.
Changes in prefrontal and amygdala activity during olanzapine treatment in schizophrenia.
Neural adaptation for novel objects during dynamic articulation.
Visuo-motor integration in humans: cortical patterns of response lateralisation and functional connectivity.
Effects of advanced aging on the neural correlates of successful recognition memory.
A left amygdala mediated network for rapid orienting to masked fearful faces.
Brain activation during immediate and delayed reaching in optic ataxia.
An image-dependent representation of familiar and unfamiliar faces in the human ventral stream
Event-related fMRI studies of episodic encoding and retrieval: meta-analyses using activation likelihood estimation.
A failure to grasp the affective meaning of actions in autism spectrum disorder subjects.
Complementary hemispheric asymmetries in object naming and recognition: A voxel-based correlational study
Reading disorders in primary progressive aphasia: a behavioral and neuroimaging study.
Where is your shoulder? Neural correlates of localizing others' body parts.
Opaque for the reader but transparent for the brain: neural signatures of morphological complexity.
Brain connectivity in non-reading impaired children and children diagnosed with developmental dyslexia.
Bipolar and major depressive disorder: Neuroimaging the developmental-degenerative divide
A novel technique for examining human brain activity associated with pedaling using fMRI.
Phased processing of facial emotion: An ERP study
Neural correlates of associative memory: the effects of negative emotion.
Anterior prefrontal cortex activities during the inhibition of stereotyped responses in a neuropsychological rock-paper-scissors task.
Temporal pole activity during perception of sad faces, but not happy faces, correlates with neuroticism trait.
Intrinsically organized network for face perception during the resting state.
Evidence for glutamatergic neurotransmission in cognitive control in an auditory attention task.
Online mentalising investigated with functional MRI.
A symbol digit modalities test version suitable for functional MRI studies.
Regional brain gray matter abnormalities in patients with bipolar II disorder: a comparison study with bipolar I patients and healthy controls.
fMRI effects of task demand and feedback accuracy on grip force tracking.
Neural correlates of regulation of positive and negative emotions: an fmri study.
Interacting outcome retrieval, anticipation, and feedback processes in the human brain.
Neural signatures of stimulus features in visual working memory--a spatiotemporal approach.
Reduced Hippocampal Activation During Recall is Associated with Elevated FMR1 mRNA and Psychiatric Symptoms in Men with the Fragile X Premutation
Reading for meaning in dyslexic and young children: distinct neural pathways but common endpoints.
Neural correlates of idiographic goal priming in depression: goal-specific dysfunctions in the orbitofrontal cortex.
The neural correlates of verbal short-term memory in Alzheimer's disease: an fMRI study.
Experience sampling during fMRI reveals default network and executive system contributions to mind wandering.
Combined Effects of Attention and Motivation on Visual Task Performance: Transient and Sustained Motivational Effects
Dysregulation of working memory and default-mode networks in schizophrenia using independent component analysis, an fBIRN and MCIC study.
Prefrontal and anterior cingulate cortex abnormalities in Tourette Syndrome: evidence from voxel-based morphometry and magnetization transfer imaging
Functional neuroanatomy of mirroring during a unimanual force generation task.
Social context and perceived agency affects empathy for pain: an event-related fMRI investigation.
Speech recognition in younger and older adults: a dependency on low-level auditory cortex.
Increased dependence of action selection on recent motor history in Parkinson's disease.
Medial prefrontal cortex activity is predictive for hyperalgesia and pharmacological antihyperalgesia.
Tract-based spatial statistics (TBSS) of diffusion tensor imaging data in alcohol dependence: Abnormalities of the motivational neurocircuitry
Reduced brain activation in euthymic bipolar patients during response inhibition: an event-related fMRI study.
The effect of acute tryptophan depletion on performance and the BOLD response during a Stroop task in healthy first-degree relatives of patients with unipolar depression
Memory performance correlates with gray matter density in the ento-/perirhinal cortex and posterior hippocampus in patients with mild cognitive impairment and healthy controls--a voxel based morphomet
Sub-centimeter scale functional organization in human inferior frontal gyrus
Age-related differences of saccade induced cortical activation.
Whole-brain voxel-based morphometry of white matter in mild cognitive impairment
Neuronal Activation for Semantically Reversible Sentences
The interrelations between verbal working memory and visual selection of emotional faces.
Age-related neural changes during memory conjunction errors.
Formation of category representations in superior temporal sulcus.
Prospective multi-centre Voxel Based Morphometry study employing scanner specific segmentations: Procedure development using CaliBrain structural MRI data
Getting mixed messages: the impact of conflicting social signals on the brain's target emotional response.
Children with dyslexia lack multiple specializations along the visual word-form (VWF) system
Effects of model-based physiological noise correction on default mode network anti-correlations and correlations.
'Negativity bias' in risk for depression and anxiety: brain-body fear circuitry correlates, 5-HTT-LPR and early life stress.
Psychopathy and functional magnetic resonance imaging blood oxygenation level-dependent responses to emotional faces in violent patients with schizophrenia.
The inversion effect in visual word form processing.
Changes in brain function and morphology in patients with recurring herpes simplex virus infections and chronic pain.
Spatially congruent visual motion modulates activity of the primary auditory cortex.
Alterations in functional activation in euthymic bipolar disorder and schizophrenia during a working memory task.
Genetic variation in neuregulin1 is associated with differences in prefrontal engagement in children.
Abnormal face identity coding in the middle fusiform gyrus of two brain-damaged prosopagnosic patients.
The effect of transcranial direct current stimulation on the cortical activation by motor task in the human brain: an fMRI study.
Modulation of spontaneous breathing via limbic/paralimbic-bulbar circuitry: an event-related fMRI study.
Motor inhibition in hysterical conversion paralysis.
The effect of ageing on grey and white matter reductions in schizophrenia.
Baby schema modulates the brain reward system in nulliparous women.
Dissociation of attention and intention in human posterior parietal cortex: an fMRI study.
The dorsal premotor cortex orchestrates concurrent speech and fingertapping movements.
The possibility of left dominant activation of the sensorimotor cortex during lip protrusion in men.
Left, but not right, rostrolateral prefrontal cortex meets a stringent test of the relational integration hypothesis.
Made you look! Consciously perceived, irrelevant instructional cues can hijack the attentional network.
Cerebral morphology and dopamine D2/D3receptor distribution in humans: A combined [18F]fallypride and voxel-based morphometry study
Dissociating the solution processes of small, large, and zero multiplications by means of fMRI.
The neural basis of overall similarity and single-dimension sorting.
Temporal summation of trigeminal pain in human anterior cingulate cortex.
Age-related changes in brain activation associated with dimensional shifts of attention: an fMRI study.
Left premotor cortex and allophonic speech perception in dyslexia: a PET study.
Evaluating SVM and MLDA in the extraction of discriminant regions for mental state prediction.
A parametric approach to voxel-based meta-analysis
An ICA-based method for the identification of optimal FMRI features and components using combined group-discriminative techniques.
Reduced prefrontal and temporal processing and recall of high "sensation value" ads.
Natural, metaphoric, and linguistic auditory direction signals have distinct influences on visual motion processing.
Pain and non-pain processing during hypnosis: A thulium-YAG event-related fMRI study
Unstable prefrontal response to emotional conflict and activation of lower limbic structures and brainstem in remitted panic disorder.
Changes of functional connectivity of the motor network in the resting state in Parkinson's disease.
Neural Correlates of Alzheimer's Disease and Mild Cognitive Impairment: A Systematic and Quantitative Meta-Analysis involving 1,351 Patients
Vulnerability to simple faints is predicted by regional differences in brain anatomy.
A comparison of brain activity evoked by single content and function words: an fMRI investigation of implicit word processing.
Different categories of living and non-living sound-sources activate distinct cortical networks.
Brain mediators of cardiovascular responses to social threat, part II: Prefrontal-subcortical pathways and relationship with anxiety.
Brain mediators of cardiovascular responses to social threat: part I: Reciprocal dorsal and ventral sub-regions of the medial prefrontal cortex and heart-rate reactivity.
Innocent intentions: a correlation between forgiveness for accidental harm and neural activity.
Attentional control of task and response in lateral and medial frontal cortex: brain activity and reaction time distributions.
Levodopa-induced striatal activation in Parkinson's disease: A functional MRI study
Enhanced activation of the left inferior frontal gyrus in deaf and dyslexic adults during rhyming.
Neural correlates of social exclusion during adolescence: understanding the distress of peer rejection
Event-related functional magnetic resonance imaging (efMRI) of depth-by-disparity perception: additional evidence for right-hemispheric lateralization.
A critical component that activates the left inferior prefrontal cortex during interference resolution.
White matter integrity in the vicinity of Broca's area predicts grammar learning success.
The impact of second language learning on semantic and nonsemantic first language reading.
Mentalizing under uncertainty: dissociated neural responses to ambiguous and unambiguous mental state inferences.
Separate processing of texture and form in the ventral stream: evidence from FMRI and visual agnosia.
Anterior cingulate cortex hypoactivations to an emotionally salient task in cocaine addiction.
Mathematical Logic in the Human Brain: Syntax
SNP Haplotype Mapping in a Small ALS Family
Migration of Whooper Swans and Outbreaks of Highly Pathogenic Avian Influenza H5N1 Virus in Eastern Asia
Increased inferior frontal activation during word generation: a marker of genetic risk for schizophrenia but not bipolar disorder?
Brain structures activated by overt and covert emotional visual stimuli
Individual differences in personality traits reflect structural variance in specific brain regions
Neural representation of animacy in the early visual areas: A functional MRI study
When grief heats up: pro-inflammatory cytokines predict regional brain activation.
Neural network of speech monitoring overlaps with overt speech production and comprehension networks: a sequential spatial and temporal ICA study.
Reducing inter-subject anatomical variation: effect of normalization method on sensitivity of functional magnetic resonance imaging data analysis in auditory cortex and the superior temporal region.
Processing of voices in deafness rehabilitation by auditory brainstem implant
Direct Tactile Stimulation of Dorsal Occipito-Temporal Cortex in a Visual Agnosic
Continuous performance of a novel motor sequence leads to highly correlated striatal and hippocampal perfusion increases
Influence of SLC6A3 and COMT variation on neural activation during response inhibition.
Evaluation of cognition, structural, and functional MRI in juvenile myoclonic epilepsy.
An fMRI investigation of the impact of withdrawal on regional brain activity during nicotine anticipation.
Spontaneous brain activity in the default mode network is sensitive to different resting-state conditions with limited cognitive load.
Differential activation of the human trigeminal nuclear complex by noxious and non-noxious orofacial stimulation.
Test-retest reliability of fMRI verbal episodic memory paradigms in healthy older adults and in persons with mild cognitive impairment.
Neural correlates of pre-attentive processing of pattern deviance in professional musicians.
Learning from errors: error-related neural activity predicts improvements in future inhibitory control performance.
Human functional magnetic resonance imaging reveals separation and integration of shape and motion cues in biological motion processing.
L-dopa modulates functional connectivity in striatal cognitive and motor networks: a double-blind placebo-controlled study.
Genetic variation in schizophrenia-risk-gene dysbindin 1 modulates brain activation in anterior cingulate cortex and right temporal gyrus during language production in healthy individuals.
Differential roles for left inferior frontal and superior temporal cortex in multimodal integration of action and language
Pre-stimulus hippocampal activity predicts later recollection
Fronto-temporal dysregulation in remitted bipolar patients: an fMRI delayed-non-match-to-sample (DNMS) study
Brain encoding of acupuncture sensation - coupling on-line rating with fMRI
Emotions in motion: dynamic compared to static facial expressions of disgust and happiness reveal more widespread emotion-specific activations.
Common and specific brain regions in high- versus low-confidence recognition memory.
Hemispheric asymmetry in cognitive division of anterior cingulate cortex: A resting-state functional connectivity study
Brain networks underlying perceptual habituation to repeated aversive visceral stimuli in patients with irritable bowel syndrome
Detecting Sarcasm from Paralinguistic Cues: Anatomic and Cognitive Correlates in Neurodegenerative Disease
Reduced frontal activation with increasing 2nd language proficiency
Medial prefrontal cortex and right insula activity predict plasma ACTH response to trauma recall.
An fMRI study on the interaction and dissociation between expectation of pain relief and acupuncture treatment.
Traditional Chinese acupuncture and placebo (sham) acupuncture are differentiated by their effects on mu-opioid receptors (MORs).
Neural Correlates of Attitude Change Following Positive and Negative Advertisements
Background MR gradient noise and non-auditory BOLD activations: a data-driven perspective.
Age-related differences in the neural substrates of cross-modal olfactory recognition memory: an fMRI investigation.
Prefrontal organization of cognitive control according to levels of abstraction.
Single-trial P3 amplitude and latency informed event-related fMRI models yield different BOLD response patterns to a target detection task.
High-frequency heart rate variability and cortico-striatal activity in men and women with social phobia.
Leaving a bad taste in your mouth but not in my insula.
Preserving syntactic processing across the adult life span: the modulation of the frontotemporal language system in the context of age-related atrophy.
On emotional conflict: interference resolution of happy and angry prosody reveals valence-specific effects.
Entorhinal cortex structure and functional MRI response during an associative verbal memory task.
Neurocognitive processes of the religious leader in Christians.
Functional segmentation of the brain cortex using high model order group PICA.
Semantic memory activation in amnestic mild cognitive impairment.
Feeling the beat: premotor and striatal interactions in musicians and nonmusicians during beat perception.
Human fear conditioning and extinction in neuroimaging: a systematic review.
Functional but not structural changes associated with learning: An exploration of longitudinal Voxel-Based Morphometry (VBM)
Guanfacine potentiates the activation of prefrontal cortex evoked by warning signals.
Functional neuroimaging of mentalizing during the trust game in social anxiety disorder.
Modeling the Impact of Lesions in the Human Brain
Brain Activity During Landmark and Line Bisection Tasks
Tool responsive regions in the posterior parietal cortex: effect of differences in motor goal and target object during imagined transitive movements.
Placebo conditioning and placebo analgesia modulate a common brain network during pain anticipation and perception.
Changes in cerebral activations during movement execution and imagery after parietal cortex TMS interleaved with 3T MRI.
A role for right ventrolateral prefrontal cortex in reasoning about indeterminate relations.
Evidence of a modality-dependent role of the cerebellum in working memory? An fMRI study comparing verbal and abstract n-back tasks.
Joint independent component analysis of structural and functional images reveals complex patterns of functional reorganisation in stroke aphasia.
Decision-related loss: regret and disappointment.
Neural bases of goal-directed implicit learning.
Neural systems mediating field and observer memories
Encoding and retrieving faces and places: distinguishing process- and stimulus-specific differences in brain activity.
Individual differences in alexithymia and brain response to masked emotion faces.
Premotor Gray Matter Volume is Associated with Clinical Findings in Idiopathic and Genetically Determined Parkinson’s Disease
Transition from rest to movement: brain correlates revealed by functional connectivity.
Neural representation of reward in recovered depressed patients.
Enhanced visual processing contributes to matrix reasoning in autism
Neuroanatomical markers of speaking Chinese†
Priming words with pictures: neural correlates of semantic associations in a cross-modal priming task using fMRI.
Superior temporal lobe dysfunction and frontotemporal dysconnectivity in subjects at risk of psychosis and in first-episode psychosis.
Neural correlates of observing pretend play in which one object is represented as another.
The impact of age-related changes on working memory functional activity
The effect of lexical priming on sentence comprehension: an fMRI study.
Resting-state BOLD networks versus task-associated functional MRI for distinguishing Alzheimer's disease risk groups.
Ultrahigh-frequency EEG during fMRI: pushing the limits of imaging-artifact correction.
The effects of tryptophan depletion on neural responses to emotional words in remitted depression.
Gaze-related mimic word activates the frontal eye field and related network in the human brain: an fMRI study.
Ipsilateral coordination at preferred rate: Effects of age, body side and task complexity
Cerebral correlates of analogical processing and their modulation by training.
Neural correlates of processing situational relationships between a part and the whole: an fMRI study.
An fMRI study of the Tower of London: a look at problem structure differences.
Neural basis of interpersonal traits in neurodegenerative diseases.
Evaluation of the effective connectivity of supplementary motor areas during motor imagery using Granger causality mapping.
Dysfunctional neural network of spatial working memory contributes to developmental dyscalculia.
Altered error-related activity in patients with schizophrenia.
Conflict control during sentence comprehension: fMRI evidence.
Worry tendencies predict brain activation during aversive imagery.
Activation of sensory-motor areas in sentence comprehension.
Topographical functional connectivity pattern in the perisylvian language networks.
Altered water diffusivity in cortical association tracts in children with early deprivation identified with Tract-Based Spatial Statistics (TBSS).
Common and dissociable prefrontal loci associated with component mechanisms of analogical reasoning.
Decoupling of the brain's default mode network during deep sleep.
Induction of empathy by the smell of anxiety.
Three Studies on the Neuroeconomics of Decision-Making when Payoffs are Real and Negative
Sustained activity within the default mode network during an implicit memory task.
Functional magnetic resonance imaging-assessed brain responses during an executive task depend on interaction of sleep homeostasis, circadian phase, and PER3 genotype.
Novelty enhancements in memory are dependent on lateral prefrontal cortex.
Cholinergic stimulation enhances neural activity associated with encoding but reduces neural activity associated with retrieval in humans.
Selecting for memory? The influence of selective attention on the mnemonic binding of contextual information.
Impaired error awareness and anterior cingulate cortex hypoactivity in chronic cannabis users
Auditory orienting and inhibition of return in mild traumatic brain injury: a FMRI study.
The effect of presentation paradigm on syntactic processing: An event-related fMRI study.
A no-go related prefrontal negativity larger to irrelevant stimuli that are difficult to suppress
The brain under self-control: modulation of inhibitory and monitoring cortical networks during hypnotic paralysis.
Neural correlates of processing stressful information: an event-related fMRI study.
Sex-related differences in neural activity during emotion regulation.
Regional response differences across the human amygdaloid complex during social conditioning.
Perceptual influence on bimanual coordination: an fMRI study.
Age-related prefrontal over-recruitment in semantic memory retrieval: Evidence from successful face naming and the tip-of-the-tongue state
Beyond amygdala: Default Mode Network activity differs between patients with Social Phobia and healthy controls
Acupuncture mobilizes the brain’s default mode and its anti-correlated network in healthy subjects
Category-specific activations during word generation reflect experiential sensorimotor modalities.
Dorsolateral prefrontal cortex activity predicts responsiveness to cognitive-behavioral therapy in schizophrenia.
Age-related differences in brain regions supporting successful encoding of emotional faces.
Cognitive reserve modulates task-induced activations and deactivations in healthy elders, amnestic mild cognitive impairment and mild Alzheimer's disease.
Neural substrates of semantic relationships: common and distinct left-frontal activities for generation of synonyms vs. antonyms.
The influence of context valence in the neural coding of monetary outcomes.
Alterations in neural connectivity in preterm children at school age.
Sexually dimorphic gray matter volume reduction in patients with panic disorder.
Expectancy constraints in degraded speech modulate the language comprehension network.
Inter- and Intra-Individual Covariations of Hemodynamic and Oscillatory Gamma Responses in the Human Cortex
Dopamine Transporters in Striatum Correlate with Deactivation in the Default Mode Network during Visuospatial Attention
Stability Of Default-Mode Network Activity In The Aging Brain
Mapping the pathways of information processing from sensation to action in four distinct sensorimotor tasks.
Functional and anatomical connectivity abnormalities in left inferior frontal gyrus in schizophrenia.
The neural correlates of calculation ability in children: an fMRI study
IQ-related fMRI differences during cognitive set shifting.
Auditory selective attention to speech modulates activity in the visual word form area.
Evidence of altered posteromedial cortical fMRI activity in subjects at risk for Alzheimer disease
A Neuroanatomical Basis for the Frequency of Discrete Spontaneous Activities in Schizophrenia
Crossmodal influences in somatosensory cortex: Interaction of vision and touch.
Preparing hearts and minds: cardiac slowing and a cortical inhibitory network.
I know where you'll look: an fMRI study of oculomotor intention and a change of motor plan
Double dissociation between action-driven and perception-driven conflict resolution invoking anterior versus posterior brain systems.
Brain activity in near-death experiencers during a meditative state
Auditory attentional control and selection during cocktail party listening.
Autism is characterized by dorsal anterior cingulate hyperactivation during social target detection.
Voice perception in blind persons: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
A human mirror neuron system for language: Perspectives from signed languages of the deaf
Cognitive inhibition of number/length interference in a Piaget-like task: Evidence by combining ERP and MEG
Individual Differences in Risk Preference Predict Neural Responses during Financial Decision-Making
Negative BOLD effect on somato-motor inhibitory processing: an fMRI study.
Attentional modulation of stimulus representation in human fronto-parietal cortex.
Age-related cognitive gains are mediated by the effects of white matter development on brain network integration.
Shared neural circuits for mentalizing about the self and others.
Encoding in the visual word form area: an fMRI adaptation study of words versus handwriting.
Patterns of brain activity supporting autobiographical memory, prospection, and theory of mind, and their relationship to the default mode network.
fMRI activation during observation of others' reach errors.
Time course and functional neuroanatomy of speech segmentation in adults.
Sex-dependent age modulation of frontostriatal and temporo-parietal activation during cognitive control.
Is the mirror neuron system involved in imitation? A short review and meta-analysis.
Rhythms of Consciousness: Binocular Rivalry Reveals Large-Scale Oscillatory Network Dynamics Mediating Visual Perception
The function of words: distinct neural correlates for words denoting differently manipulable objects.
L-dopa medication in Parkinson's disease restores activity in the motor cortico-striatal loop but does not modify the cognitive network.
Short-term antidepressant treatment modulates amygdala response to happy faces.
Neural representation of anxiety and personality during exposure to anxiety-provoking and neutral scenes from scary movies.
Tuning-in to the beat: Aesthetic appreciation of musical rhythms correlates with a premotor activity boost.
Neural correlates of metaphor processing: the roles of figurativeness, familiarity and difficulty.
Domain general mechanisms of perceptual decision making in human cortex.
Congruence of BOLD response across intertemporal choice conditions: fictive and real money gains and losses.
Rostral anterior cingulate cortex activity mediates the relationship between the depressive symptoms and the medial prefrontal cortex activity.
Hierarchical coding of characters in the ventral and dorsal visual streams of Chinese language processing
Absolute pitch--functional evidence of speech-relevant auditory acuity.
Segregated fronto-cerebellar circuits revealed by intrinsic functional connectivity.
Detecting directional influence in fMRI connectivity analysis using PCA based Granger causality.
Similar and dissociable mechanisms for attention to internal versus external information.
Early Parental Care Is Important for Hippocampal Maturation: Evidence from Brain Morphology in Humans
An fMRI study of syntactic layers: sentential and lexical aspects of embedding.
Gray matter reduction associated with emotion regulation in female outpatients with major depressive disorder: A voxel-based morphometry study
From specificity to sensitivity: how acute stress affects amygdala processing of biologically salient stimuli.
Abnormal white matter independent of hippocampal atrophy in amnestic type mild cognitive impairment.
Eyes wide shut: amygdala mediates eyes-closed effect on emotional experience with music.
Metaanalytic connectivity modeling: delineating the functional connectivity of the human amygdala.
Pathological amygdala activation during working memory performance: Evidence for a pathophysiological trait marker in bipolar affective disorder.
Dysfunction of a Cortical Midline Network During Emotional Appraisals in Schizophrenia
Modulation of fusiform cortex activity by cholinesterase inhibition predicts effects on subsequent memory.
Neurophysiological and functional MRI evidence of reorganization of cortical motor areas in cerebral arteriovenous malformation
Neural correlates of evaluative compared with passive tasting.
A systematic review of diffusion tensor imaging studies in affective disorders.
Learning-related diminution of unconditioned SCR and fMRI signal responses
The effect of sublexical and lexical frequency on speech production: An fMRI investigation.
Cognitive performance is related to cortical grey matter volumes in early stages of schizophrenia: a population-based study of first-episode psychosis.
Gray matter abnormalities in subjects at ultra-high risk for schizophrenia and first-episode schizophrenic patients compared to healthy controls.
Modulation of perception and brain activity by predictable trajectories of facial expressions.
The role of inferior frontal gyrus and inferior parietal lobule in semantic processing of Chinese characters.
Structural MRI studies of language function in the undamaged brain
The neural origins of superficial and individuated judgments about ingroup and outgroup members.
The neural basis of sustained and transient attentional control in young adults with ADHD.
Voxel-based morphometry and automated lobar volumetry: The trade-off between spatial scale and statistical correction
fMRI activation during spike and wave discharges evoked by photic stimulation.
FMRI adaptation during performance of learned arbitrary visuomotor conditional associations.
White matter defects in first episode psychosis patients: a voxelwise analysis of diffusion tensor imaging.
Dynamic Causal Modeling applied to fMRI data shows high reliability.
Reading epilepsy from the dominant temporo-occipital region.
Medial cortex activity, self-reflection and depression.
Neural substrates of self-referential processing in Chinese Buddhists.
Broca's area homologue in chimpanzees (Pan troglodytes): probabilistic mapping, asymmetry, and comparison to humans.
The selectivity and functional connectivity of the anterior temporal lobes.
Left cytoarchitectonic area 44 supports selection in the mental lexicon during language production.
The impact of dystrobrevin-binding protein 1 (DTNBP1) on neural correlates of episodic memory encoding and retrieval.
Variation in TREK1 gene linked to depression-resistant phenotype is associated with potentiated neural responses to rewards in humans.
Test-retest reproducibility of the default-mode network in healthy individuals.
Brain volume and dysexecutive behavior in schizophrenia
Memory encoding and dopamine in the aging brain: a psychopharmacological neuroimaging study.
Somatotopic organization of gentle touch processing in the posterior insular cortex.
The role of personal experience in the neural processing of action-related language.
White matter development during adolescence as shown by diffusion MRI.
Steady-state activation in somatosensory cortex after changes in stimulus rate during median nerve stimulation
The effect of acute tryptophan depletion on emotional distraction and subsequent memory.
Cortical areas related to performance of WAIS Digit Symbol Test: a functional imaging study.
Functional connectivity and alterations in baseline brain state in humans
Learning and memory deficits in ecstasy users and their neural correlates during a face-learning task.
Normative data on development of neural and behavioral mechanisms underlying attention orienting toward social-emotional stimuli: an exploratory study.
Animate and inanimate objects in human visual cortex: Evidence for task-independent category effects.
Can Cantonese rhymes be used in the assessment of hemispheric dominance for language?
Increased ventral striatal BOLD activity during non-drug reward anticipation in cannabis users.
The somatosensory representation of the human clitoris: an fMRI study.
HIGHER SERUM TOTAL CHOLESTEROL LEVELS IN LATE MIDDLE AGE ARE ASSOCIATED WITH GLUCOSE HYPOMETABOLISM IN BRAIN REGIONS AFFECTED BY ALZHEIMER’S DISEASE AND NORMAL AGING
The relations between white matter and declarative memory in older children and adolescents.
An acute psychosocial stress enhances the neural response to smoking cues.
Reduced activation in the mirror neuron system during a virtual social cognition task in euthymic bipolar disorder
Individual differences in the theory of mind and superior temporal sulcus.
Attentional modulation of emotional stimulus processing in patients with major depression--alterations in prefrontal cortical regions.
Neural systems supporting lexical search guided by letter and semantic category cues: a self-paced overt response fMRI study of verbal fluency.
Brain pathology in first-episode psychosis: Magnetization transfer imaging provides additional information to MRI measurements of volume loss
On-line plasticity in spoken sentence comprehension: Adapting to time-compressed speech.
Functional and structural brain correlates of theory of mind and empathy deficits in schizophrenia.
Nonlinear response of the anterior cingulate and prefrontal cortex in schizophrenia as a function of variable attentional control.
Brain Anatomical Abnormalities in High-Risk Individuals, First-Episode, and Chronic Schizophrenia: An Activation Likelihood Estimation Meta-analysis of Illness Progression
The effects of overfeeding on the neuronal response to visual food cues in thin and reduced-obese individuals.
Specialization in the default mode: Task-induced brain deactivations dissociate between visual working memory and attention.
Neural Correlates of Efficacy of Voice Therapy in Parkinson’s Disease Identified by Performance–Correlation Analysis
New insights into name category-related effects: is the Age of Acquisition a possible factor?
COMT val108/158 met genotype affects neural but not cognitive processing in healthy individuals.
Get aroused and be stronger: emotional facilitation of physical effort in the human brain.
Overlapping Neural Correlates of Reading Emotionally Positive and Negative Adjectives
Chemosensory cues to conspecific emotional stress activate amygdala in humans.
A naturalistic study of grey matter volume increase after early treatment in anti-psychotic naïve, newly diagnosed schizophrenia.
Effects of a body-oriented response measure on the neural substrate of imagined perspective rotations.
Functional overlap between regions involved in speech perception and in monitoring one's own voice during speech production.
The neural basis of personal goal processing when envisioning future events.
Dissociation of extrastriate body and biological-motion selective areas by manipulation of visual-motor congruency.
Low- and high-level motion perception deficits in anisometropic and strabismic amblyopia: evidence from fMRI.
Schizophrenia patients and their healthy siblings share disruption of white matter integrity in the left prefrontal cortex and the hippocampus but not the anterior cingulate cortex.
Brain activation during executive processes in schizophrenia.
Sources of group differences in functional connectivity: an investigation applied to autism spectrum disorder.
Imagery of a moving object: the role of occipital cortex and human MT/V5+.
Altered brain response without behavioral attention deficits in healthy siblings of schizophrenic patients
Correct and erroneous picture naming responses in healthy subjects.
Genetic variation in apolipoprotein E alters regional gray matter volumes in remitted late-onset depression.
Brain and autonomic association accompanying stochastic decision-making
Overlapping brain activity between episodic memory encoding and retrieval: roles of the task-positive and task-negative networks.
Mechanisms of working memory disruption by external interference.
Impact of schizophrenia-risk gene dysbindin 1 on brain activation in bilateral middle frontal gyrus during a working memory task in healthy individuals.
Categorical and coordinate spatial relations in working memory: an fMRI study.
Functional developmental changes underlying response inhibition and error-detection processes.
Phonological repetition-suppression in bilateral superior temporal sulci.
Neural Correlates of the Use of Psychological Distancing to Regulate Responses to Negative Social Cues: A Study of Patients with Borderline Personality Disorder
Marijuana craving in the brain.
Multisensory visual-tactile object related network in humans: insights gained using a novel crossmodal adaptation approach.
Neural correlates of the "Aha" experiences: evidence from an fMRI study of insight problem solving.
Altered affective response in marijuana smokers: an FMRI study.
Cerebellothalamocortical connectivity regulates penetrance in dystonia.
Neural correlates of shape and surface reflectance information in individual faces
Reduced prefrontal and orbitofrontal gray matter in female adolescents with borderline personality disorder: is it disorder specific?
Effects of implied physical effort in sensory-motor and pre-frontal cortex during language comprehension.
Dissecting structure-function interactions in acute optic neuritis to investigate neuroplasticity.
Distinct patterns of brain activity evoked by histamine-induced itch reveal an association with itch intensity and disease severity in atopic dermatitis
C1 and P1 visual responses to words are enhanced by attention to orthographic vs. lexical properties
Neural correlates of morphosyntactic and verb-argument structure processing: an EfMRI study.
Somatotopic organization of pain responses to direct electrical stimulation of the human insular cortex.
Neural correlates of priming effects in children during spoken word processing with orthographic demands.
Distinct brain systems underlie the processing of valence and arousal of affective pictures
A functional and structural study of emotion and face processing in children with autism.
Temporally anticorrelated brain networks during working memory performance reveal aberrant prefrontal and hippocampal connectivity in patients with schizophrenia
Medial frontal and dorsal cortical morphometric abnormalities are related to obsessive-compulsive disorder.
An fMRI study of neuronal specificity of an acupoint: electroacupuncture stimulation of Yanglingquan (GB34) and its sham point.
Common and segregated neural pathways for the processing of symbolic and nonsymbolic numerical magnitude: an fMRI study.
White matter pathways associated with working memory in normal aging.
Epistasis between the DAT 3' UTR VNTR and the COMT Val158Met SNP on cortical function in healthy subjects and patients with schizophrenia.
Neural Processing during Older Adults’ Comprehension of Spoken Sentences: Age Differences in Resource Allocation and Connectivity
Brain Mechanisms Underlying Human Communication
Neural correlates of appetite and hunger-related evaluative judgments.
The fusiform face area and occipital face area show sensitivity to spatial relations in faces.
The effects of valence and arousal on the neural activity leading to subsequent memory.
Age-related changes in prefrontal cortex activity are associated with behavioural deficits in both temporal and spatial context memory retrieval in older adults.
An fMRI case report of photophobia: activation of the trigeminal nociceptive pathway.
Stressed memories: how acute stress affects memory formation in humans.
Evidence of mirror neurons in human inferior frontal gyrus.
Functional connectivity delineates distinct roles of the inferior frontal cortex and presupplementary motor area in stop signal inhibition.
Modulation of limbic circuitry predicts treatment response to antipsychotic medication: a functional imaging study in schizophrenia
Effect of Dopamine Transporter Gene (SLC6A3) Variation on Dorsal Anterior Cingulate Function in Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder
Amygdala responses to positively and negatively valenced baby faces in healthy female volunteers: influences of individual differences in harm avoidance.
Longitudinal changes in grey and white matter during adolescence.
CNS activation and regional connectivity during pantomime observation: No engagement of the mirror neuron system for deaf signers
Neural correlates of traditional Chinese medicine induced advantageous risk-taking decision making.
Behavioral and Neural Correlates of Memory Selection and Interference Resolution during a Digit Working Memory Task
Endogenous human brain dynamics recover slowly following cognitive effort.
Effects of MDMA on sociability and neural response to social threat and social reward.
Improved shimming for fMRI specifically optimizing the local BOLD sensitivity.
White matter microstructural differences linked to left perisylvian language network in children with dyslexia
Depressive mood in pre-dialytic chronic kidney disease: Statistical parametric mapping analysis of Tc-99m ECD brain SPECT
Gender difference in relationship between anxiety-related personality traits and cerebral brain glucose metabolism.
Dysfunctional brain circuitry in obsessive-compulsive disorder: source and coherence analysis of EEG rhythms.
The human parahippocampal cortex subserves egocentric spatial learning during navigation in a virtual maze
Functional neuroanatomy of the encoding and retrieval processes of verbal episodic memory in MCI.
Neuronal correlates and serotonergic modulation of behavioural inhibition and reward in healthy and antisocial individuals
Investigating the impact of sex and cortisol on implicit fear conditioning with fMRI
Progressive gray matter changes in first episode schizophrenia: a 4-year longitudinal magnetic resonance study using VBM.
Patterns of brain activity during a semantic task differentiate normal aging from early Alzheimer's disease
High-resolution ERP mapping of cortical activation related to implicit object-location memory
Alterations in the processing of non-drug-related affective stimuli in abstinent heroin addicts.
Investigating the predictive value of whole-brain structural MR scans in autism: a pattern classification approach.
Neuroticism modulates amygdala-prefrontal connectivity in response to negative emotional facial expressions.
Distinct and overlapping functional zones in the cerebellum defined by resting state functional connectivity.
The left ventral occipito-temporal response to words depends on language lateralization but not on visual familiarity.
A systematic fMRI investigation of the brain systems subserving different working memory components in schizophrenia.
Neural circuits of hierarchical visuo-spatial sequence processing.
Sport expert's motor imagery: functional imaging of professional motor skills and simple motor skills.
Prefrontal function associated with impaired emotion recognition in patients with multiple sclerosis.
Noradrenergic modulation of cortical networks engaged in visuomotor processing.
Activity in preserved left hemisphere regions predicts anomia severity in aphasia.
Electrophysiological and Hemodynamic Responses to Reward Prediction Violation
Voxel-based analysis of diffusion tensor indices in the brain in patients with Parkinson's disease
The brain of opera singers: experience-dependent changes in functional activation.
Abnormal medial temporal activity for bound information during working memory maintenance in patients with schizophrenia.
Neural circuitry of the bilingual mental lexicon: effect of age of second language acquisition.
Functional MRI changes in the central motor system in myotonic dystrophy type 1
rTMS of the Left Dorsolateral Prefrontal Cortex Modulates Dopamine Release in the Ipsilateral Anterior Cingulate Cortex and Orbitofrontal Cortex
Lexicality drives audio-motor transformations in Broca's area.
Age-related differences in the involvement of the prefrontal cortex in attentional control
Neurofunctional correlates of personality traits in relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis: an fMRI study.
Altered white matter microstructure in adolescent substance users
Abnormal resting-state functional connectivity patterns of the putamen in medication-naive children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.
Neural response to specific components of fearful faces in healthy and schizophrenic adults
Top-down and bottom-up modulation of brain structures involved in auditory discrimination.
Microstructural white matter changes in normal aging: A diffusion tensor imaging study with higher-order polynomial regression models
Spatiotemporal reconstruction of the auditory steady-state response to frequency modulation using magnetoencephalography.
Gender Differences in Cognitive Control: an Extended Investigation of the Stop Signal Task
Posterior Cingulate and Lateral Parietal Gray Matter Volume in Older Adults with Depressive Symptoms
Medial temporal lobe activity during source retrieval reflects information type, not memory strength.
Neural mechanisms of verb argument structure processing in agrammatic aphasic and healthy age-matched listeners.
Neural basis of visual distraction.
The unrested resting brain: sleep deprivation alters activity within the default-mode network.
Neural correlates of species-typical illogical cognitive bias in human inference.
Reorganization and enhanced functional connectivity of motor areas in repetitive ankle movements after training in locomotor attention.
Addiction related alteration in resting-state brain connectivity.
FDDNP binding using MR derived cortical surface maps.
Cingulate activity and fronto-temporal connectivity in people with prodromal signs of psychosis.
Xenon-induced changes in CNS sensitization to pain.
Effects of erythropoietin on emotional processing biases in patients with major depression: an exploratory fMRI study.
Examining the role of frequency specificity in the enhancement and suppression of human cortical activity by auditory selective attention
Variation in the μ-opioid receptor gene (OPRM1) is associated with dispositional and neural sensitivity to social rejection
Adolescent Engagement in Dangerous Behaviors Is Associated with Increased White Matter Maturity of Frontal Cortex
Episodic memory in detoxified alcoholics: contribution of grey matter microstructure alteration.
Acoustic oddball during NREM sleep: a combined EEG/fMRI study.
An fMRI case study of visual memory in a patient with epilepsy: comparison before and after temporal lobe surgery.
Activation of the opioidergic descending pain control system underlies placebo analgesia.
Preferential amygdala reactivity to the negative assessment of neutral faces.
The Impact of Increased Relational Encoding Demands on Frontal and Hippocampal Function in Older Adults
How the brain repairs stuttering.
Search for a threatening target triggers limbic guidance of spatial attention.
Spatial remapping of cortico-striatal connectivity in Parkinson's disease.
Time course of activity in itch-related brain regions: a combined MEG-fMRI study.
Functional asymmetries revealed in visually guided saccades: an FMRI study.
Adult attachment predicts maternal brain and oxytocin response to infant cues
Diminished Neural and Cognitive Responses to Facial Expressions of Disgust in Patients with Psoriasis: A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Perceiving pitch absolutely: Comparing absolute and relative pitch possessors in a pitch memory task
Differential dorsolateral prefrontal cortex activation during a verbal n-back task according to sensory modality.
Nicotine enhances but does not normalize visual sustained attention and the associated brain network in schizophrenia.
Methylphenidate normalises activation and functional connectivity deficits in attention and motivation networks in medication-naïve children with ADHD during a rewarded continuous performance task
Neural activations correlated with reading speed during reading novels.
Simulated car driving in fMRI--Cerebral activation patterns driving an unfamiliar and a familiar route.
Physical activity and memory functions: an interventional study.
Dynamics of motor-related functional integration during motor sequence learning.
Neural mechanisms of cognitive reappraisal of negative self-beliefs in social anxiety disorder.
Brain structural changes in essential tremor: voxel-based morphometry at 3-Tesla.
Association of Body Mass and Brain Activation during Gastric Distention: Implications for Obesity
Disentangling syntax and intelligibility in auditory language comprehension.
Executive Function and Error Detection: The Effect of Motivation on Cingulate and Ventral Striatum Activity
Dissociation of the neural correlates of visual and auditory contextual encoding.
Autobiographical memory in semantic dementia: a longitudinal fMRI study.
Functional imaging studies of hyposmia in Parkinson's disease.
High-field MRI reveals an acute impact on brain function in survivors of the magnitude 8.0 earthquake in China.
Cognitive impact of genetic variation of the serotonin transporter in primates is associated with differences in brain morphology rather than serotonin neurotransmission
Neural decoding of goal locations in spatial navigation in humans with fMRI.
MRI assessment of cortical thickness and functional activity changes in adolescent girls following three months of practice on a visual-spatial task
Donepezil Improves Episodic Memory in Young Individuals Vulnerable to the Effects of Sleep Deprivation
The Effects of Psychotherapy on Neural Responses to Rewards in Major Depression
Adapting to dynamic stimulus-response values: differential contributions of inferior frontal, dorsomedial, and dorsolateral regions of prefrontal cortex to decision making.
Multisensory integration of sounds and vibrotactile stimuli in processing streams for "what" and "where".
Right ventromedial and dorsolateral prefrontal cortices mediate adaptive decisions under ambiguity by integrating choice utility and outcome evaluation.
Sentence comprehension and voxel-based morphometry in progressive nonfluent aphasia, semantic dementia, and nonaphasic frontotemporal dementia
Reduction of gray matter density in the extrastriate body area in women with anorexia nervosa.
Neuroanatomical correlates of olfactory performance.
Evaluative-feedback stimuli selectively activate the self-related brain area: an fMRI study.
Encoding the future: successful processing of intentions engages predictive brain networks.
The multifaceted nature of the relationship between performance and brain activity in motor sequence learning.
Loss of imagery phenomenology with intact visuo-spatial task performance: A case of ‘blind imagination’
Reactivation of context-specific brain regions during retrieval.
Integration of iconic gestures and speech in left superior temporal areas boosts speech comprehension under adverse listening conditions.
Neural correlates of social cognition in naturalistic settings: a model-free analysis approach.
Structural magnetic resonance imaging predictors of responsiveness to cognitive behaviour therapy in psychosis.
Neuroanatomical correlates of impaired decision-making and facial emotion recognition in early Parkinson's disease.
Differential engagement of the ventromedial prefrontal cortex by goal-directed and habitual behavior toward food pictures in humans.
What can man do without basal ganglia motor output? The effect of combined unilateral subthalamotomy and pallidotomy in a patient with Parkinson's disease
White matter reduction in patients with schizophrenia as revealed by voxel-based morphometry: An activation likelihood estimation meta-analysis
IDENTIFYING OBJECTS IMPAIRS KNOWLEDGE OF OTHER OBJECTS: A RELEARNING EXPLANATION FOR THE NEURAL REPETITION EFFECT
A common functional brain network for autobiographical, episodic, and semantic memory retrieval.
Temporal lobe functional activity and connectivity in young adult APOE ɛ4 carriers
BDNF val66met polymorphism influences motor system function in the human brain.
Challenging the brain: Exploring the link between effort and cortical activation.
Atrophy in two attention networks is associated with performance on a Flanker task in neurodegenerative disease.
Traumatic brain injury affects the frontomedian cortex--an event-related fMRI study on evaluative judgments.
Neurobiological basis of failure to recall extinction memory in posttraumatic stress disorder.
Neural correlates of impaired emotional discrimination in borderline personality disorder: An fMRI study
Spatio-temporal dynamics of human intention understanding in temporo-parietal cortex: a combined EEG/fMRI repetition suppression paradigm.
Activation in the VTA and Nucleus Accumbens Increases in Anticipation of Both Gains and Losses
The role of left and right hemispheres in the comprehension of idiomatic language: an electrical neuroimaging study
Impaired visual processing preceding image recognition in Parkinson's disease patients with visual hallucinations.
Auditory Oddball fMRI in Schizophrenia: Association of Negative Symptoms with Regional Hypoactivation to Novel Distractors
Predictors of treatment response to fluvoxamine in obsessive–compulsive disorder: An fMRI study
Neural mechanisms underlying changes in stress-sensitivity across the menstrual cycle
Gray Matter in First-Episode Schizophrenia Before and After Antipsychotic Drug Treatment. Anatomical Likelihood Estimation Meta-analyses With Sample Size Weighting
The representation of tool use in humans and monkeys: common and uniquely human features.
The structural integrity of an amygdala-prefrontal pathway predicts trait anxiety.
Structure-function relationships in the processing of regret in the orbitofrontal cortex.
Functional neural correlates of fluid and crystallized analogizing.
Sleep deprivation and its effects on object-selective attention
The role of parietal cortex during sustained visual spatial attention.
Abnormal resting-state functional connectivity of posterior cingulate cortex in amnestic type mild cognitive impairment.
Functional neuroimaging of self-referential encoding with age.
Neuroimaging of semantic processing in schizophrenia: a parametric priming approach.
Differential effects of eyes open or closed in darkness on brain activation patterns in blind subjects.
The neural basis of categorical face perception: graded representations of face gender in fusiform and orbitofrontal cortices.
An evoked auditory response fMRI study of the effects of rTMS on putative AVH pathways in healthy volunteers.
Why do children make mirror errors in reading? Neural correlates of mirror invariance in the visual word form area.
Having a word with yourself: neural correlates of self-criticism and self-reassurance.
Differential role of anterior prefrontal and premotor cortex in the processing of relational information.
Structural and functional brain correlates of subclinical psychotic symptoms in 11–13 year old schoolchildren
Differential effects of global and cerebellar normalization on detection and differentiation of dementia in FDG-PET studies.
Neural reward processing is modulated by approach- and avoidance-related personality traits.
Gait disturbance associated with white matter changes: A gait analysis and blood flow study
Motivational orientation modulates the neural response to reward.
Brain networks involved in haptic and visual identification of facial expressions of emotion: an fMRI study.
Effects of attention to auditory motion on cortical activations during smooth pursuit eye tracking.
Cultural constraints on brain development: evidence from a developmental study of visual word processing in mandarin chinese.
How Are ‘Barack Obama’ and ‘President Elect’ Differentially Stored in the Brain? An ERP Investigation on the Processing of Proper and Common Noun Pairs
Gray matter density negatively correlates with duration of heroin use in young lifetime heroin-dependent individuals.
The impact of developmental instability on Voxel-Based Morphometry analyses of neuroanatomical abnormalities in schizophrenia.
Cerebral representation of the relief of itch by scratching.
Disorder-specific dysfunction in right inferior prefrontal cortex during two inhibition tasks in boys with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder compared to boys with obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Source-based morphometry of gray matter volume in men with first-episode schizophrenia.
Resting state and task-induced deactivation: A methodological comparison in patients with schizophrenia and healthy controls.
Estimating the transfer function from neuronal activity to BOLD using simultaneous EEG-fMRI.
Neural modulation of temporal encoding, maintenance, and decision processes.
Primary and multisensory cortical activity is correlated with audiovisual percepts.
Sensory-motor brain network connectivity for speech comprehension.
Brain activation evoked by erotic films varies with different menstrual phases: an fMRI study.
Negative BOLD during tongue movement: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Unconsciously deciphering handwriting: subliminal invariance for handwritten words in the visual word form area.
Taking a gamble or playing by the rules: dissociable prefrontal systems implicated in probabilistic versus deterministic rule-based decisions.
Effect of CACNA1C rs1006737 on neural correlates of verbal fluency in healthy individuals.
Neural development of networks for audiovisual speech comprehension
Cortical thickness and voxel-based morphometry in posterior cortical atrophy and typical Alzheimer's disease.
Deciphering Cortical Number Coding from Human Brain Activity Patterns
Body schematics: on the role of the body schema in embodied lexical-semantic representations.
Age-related changes in the functional neuroanatomy of overt speech production
Testosterone reduces amygdala–orbitofrontal cortex coupling
Hypnotic induction decreases anterior default mode activity
Frontoparietal activity and its structural connectivity in binocular rivalry.
Functional brain network abnormalities during verbal working memory performance in adolescents and young adults with dyslexia.
Social cues, mentalizing and the neural processing of speech accompanied by gestures.
Dichotic pitch activates pitch processing centre in Heschl's gyrus.
Retrosplenial cortex connectivity in schizophrenia.
Test-retest reliability of event-related functional MRI in a probabilistic reversal learning task.
Setting the frame: the human brain activates a basic low-frequency network for language processing.
Neuroanatomical variability of religiosity.
A meta-analysis of instructed fear studies: Implications for conscious appraisal of threat
Does the hippocampus mediate objective binding or subjective remembering?
Dissociable substrates for body motion and physical experience in the human action observation network.
Modulation of movement-associated cortical activation by transcranial direct current stimulation.
A multivariate analysis of age-related differences in default mode and task-positive networks across multiple cognitive domains.
A role for the intraparietal sulcus in transforming musical pitch information.
Individual sensitivity to pain expectancy is related to differential activation of the hippocampus and amygdala.
The neural correlates of religious and nonreligious belief.
Auditory cortex stimulation by low-frequency tones-an fMRI study.
Age-Related Networks of Regional Covariance in MRI Gray Matter: Reproducible Multivariate Patterns in Healthy Aging
Regional sex differences in grey matter volume are associated with sex hormones in the young adult human brain.
Novelty as a Dimension in the Affective Brain
Brain activation in an involuntary human action.
Category-specific neural processing for naming pictures of animals and naming pictures of tools: an ALE meta-analysis.
Where syntax meets math: right intraparietal sulcus activation in response to grammatical number agreement violations.
The image of time: A voxel-wise meta-analysis
Transient neural activation in human amygdala involved in aversive conditioning of face and voice.
Dissociable roles of the anterior temporal regions in successful encoding of memory for person identity information.
Common and unique neural correlates of autobiographical memory and theory of mind.
Imaging implicit morphological processing: evidence from Hebrew.
Tease or threat? Judging social interactions from bodily expressions.
Does brain activity at rest reflect adaptive strategies? Evidence from speech processing after cochlear implantation.
Wired for Her Face? Male Attentional Bias for Female Faces
Fasting biases brain reward systems towards high-calorie foods.
Functional connectivity bias of the orbitofrontal cortex in drug-free patients with major depression.
The contributions of cerebro-cerebellar circuitry to executive verbal working memory.
The maturation of task set-related activation supports late developmental improvements in inhibitory control.
Temporal order processing of syllables in the left parietal lobe.
Involvement of the thalamocortical loop in the spontaneous switching of percepts in auditory streaming.
Static images of novel, moveable objects learned through touch activate visual area hMT+.
Brain anatomy changes associated with persistent neuropathic pain following spinal cord injury.
An fMRI study of auditory hallucinations in patients with epilepsy.
Group-specific regional white matter abnormality revealed in diffusion tensor imaging of medial temporal lobe epilepsy without hippocampal sclerosis.
An optimized voxel-based morphometric study of gray matter changes in patients with left-sided and right-sided mesial temporal lobe epilepsy and hippocampal sclerosis (MTLE/HS).
Distinct control networks for cognition and emotion in the prefrontal cortex.
Effect of temporal difficulty on cerebrocerebellar interaction during visual duration discrimination.
Executive functions in the absence of behavior: functional imaging of the minimally conscious state.
Reaching across the abyss: recent advances in functional magnetic resonance imaging and their potential relevance to disorders of consciousness.
Another kind of 'BOLD Response': answering multiple-choice questions via online decoded single-trial brain signals.
Testosterone administration modulates neural responses to crying infants in young females
Meta-analysis of magnetic resonance imaging studies in chromosome 22q11.2 deletion syndrome (velocardiofacial syndrome).
Cortical anatomy in autism spectrum disorder: an in vivo MRI study on the effect of age.
Cytoarchitecture and probabilistic maps of the human posterior insular cortex.
Interdependent self-construal and neural representations of self and mother.
Being liked activates primary reward and midline self-related brain regions.
Distinct and shared cerebral activations in processing innocuous versus noxious contact heat revealed by functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Experience-dependent changes in human brain activation during contingency learning
A genetic variation of the noradrenergic system is related to differential amygdala activation during encoding of emotional memories.
Understanding others' regret: a FMRI study.
Neural Substrates of Contingency Learning and Executive Control: Dissociating Physical, Valuative, and Behavioral Changes
Enhanced effectiveness in visuo-haptic object-selective brain regions with increasing stimulus salience.
Neural responses to rigidly moving faces displaying shifts in social attention investigated with fMRI and MEG.
Brain activation patterns underlying fast habituation to painful laser stimuli.
The neural temporal dynamics of the intensity of emotional experience.
Progressive temporal lobe grey matter loss in adolescents with schizotypal traits and mild intellectual impairment.
Dissociating the "retrieval success" regions of the brain: effects of retrieval delay.
Neural activity during social signal perception correlates with self-reported empathy.
Brain activation and lexical learning: the impact of learning phase and word type.
Neural differences in the mapping of verb and noun concepts onto novel words.
The integration of large-scale neural network modeling and functional brain imaging in speech motor control.
Dissociable neural circuits for encoding and retrieval of object locations during active navigation in humans.
Differential neural responses to faces physically similar to the self as a function of their valence.
Replication of Functional MRI Detection of Deception
Anterior Prefrontal Involvement in Implicit Contextual Change Detection
Subgenual prefrontal cortex activity predicts individual differences in hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal activity across different contexts.
Functional magnetic resonance imaging of inner speech in schizophrenia.
Do words hurt? Brain activation during the processing of pain-related words
Neural correlates of the spatial and expectancy components of endogenous and stimulus-driven orienting of attention in the Posner task.
Avoiding Negative Outcomes: Tracking the Mechanisms of Avoidance Learning in Humans During Fear Conditioning
Greater superior than inferior parietal lobule activation with increasing rotation angle during mental rotation: an fMRI study.
Negative covariation between task-related responses in alpha/beta-band activity and BOLD in human sensorimotor cortex: an EEG and fMRI study of motor imagery and movements.
Fronto-cerebellar circuits and eye movement control: a diffusion imaging tractography study of human cortico-pontine projections.
Functional activation in the cerebellum during working memory and simple speech tasks.
Word order and Broca's region: evidence for a supra-syntactic perspective.
A voxel-based morphometry comparison of regional gray matter between fragile X syndrome and autism
Neural substrates of irony comprehension: A functional MRI study.
Motor area localization using fMRI-constrained cortical current density reconstruction of movement-related cortical potentials, a comparison with fMRI and TMS mapping.
Effective connectivity of neural networks in automatic movements in Parkinson's disease.
Amplitude of low-frequency oscillations in schizophrenia: a resting state fMRI study.
Musical and verbal semantic memory: Two distinct neural networks?
White matter correlates of clinical function in schizophrenia using diffusion tensor imaging
Serotonin transporter genotype modulates amygdala activity during mood regulation.
Language network dysfunction as a predictor of outcome in youth at clinical high risk for psychosis.
Language or music, mother or Mozart? Structural and environmental influences on infants' language networks.
Dual neural routing of visual facilitation in speech processing.
What "works" in working memory? Separate systems for selection and updating of critical information.
The effects of BDNF Val66Met polymorphism on brain function in controls and patients with multiple sclerosis: an imaging genetic study.
Shared neural resources between left and right interlimb coordination skills: The neural substrate of abstract motor representations
Modulation of neuronal activity after spinal cord stimulation for neuropathic pain; H(2)15O PET study.
Forming intentions successfully: Differential compensational mechanisms of adolescents and old adults
Alertness in young healthy subjects: an fMRI study of brain region interactivity enhanced by a warning signal.
Immaturities in reward processing and its influence on inhibitory control in adolescence.
The temporal dynamics of the Muller-Lyer illusion.
Unforgettable Ultimatums? Expectation Violations Promote Enhanced Social Memory Following Economic Bargaining
Virtual Milgram: Empathic Concern or Personal Distress? Evidence from Functional MRI and Dispositional Measures
White matter microstructure underlying default mode network connectivity in the human brain
Comprehension of degraded speech sounds with m-sequence modulation: an fMRI study.
A functional imaging investigation of moral deliberation and moral intuition.
The costs of monitoring simultaneously two sensory modalities decrease when dividing attention in space.
Single-trial coupling of the gamma-band response and the corresponding BOLD signal
Baseline brain perfusion and the serotonin transporter promoter polymorphism.
The neural substrates for atypical planning and execution of word production in stuttering
Interactions between cognition and motivation during response inhibition
Neural mechanisms of the influence of popularity on adolescent ratings of music.
Voxel-based assessment of gray and white matter volumes in Alzheimer's disease.
Single domain amnestic MCI: a multiple cognitive domains fMRI investigation.
The neural origin of the priming distance effect: distance-dependent recovery of parietal activation using symbolic magnitudes.
Neural correlates of the spacing effect in explicit verbal semantic encoding support the deficient-processing theory.
Neural correlates of top-down letter processing.
Neural systems of social comparison and the "above-average" effect.
Emotional priming effects during Stroop task performance.
Cerebral microbleeds are uncommon in ischemic stroke associated with nonvalvular atrial fibrillation.
Rapid formation of pragmatic rule representations in the human brain during instruction-based learning.
Reduction of basal forebrain cholinergic system parallels cognitive impairment in patients at high risk of developing Alzheimer's disease.
The neural basis of auditory temporal discrimination in girls with fragile X syndrome
Cortical representation of verbs with optional complements: the theoretical contribution of fMRI.
The left superior temporal gyrus is a shared substrate for auditory short-term memory and speech comprehension: evidence from 210 patients with stroke.
Knowing Who’s Boss: fMRI and ERP Investigations of Social Dominance Perception
Frontal White Matter Integrity as an Endophenotype for Schizophrenia: Diffusion Tensor Imaging in Monozygotic Twins and Patients’ Nonpsychotic Relatives
Bilateral parietal cortex function during motor imagery.
Distinct brain networks in recognition memory share a defined region in the precuneus.
A Dual-Route Perspective on Brain Activation in Response to Visual Words: Evidence for a Length by Lexicality Interaction in the Visual Word Form Area (VWFA)
Object Familiarity Modulates the Relationship Between Visual Object Imagery and Haptic Shape Perception
Neural networks involved in voluntary and involuntary vocal pitch regulation in experienced singers
Changes of brain morphometry in first-episode, drug-naïve, non-late-life adult patients with major depression: an optimized voxel-based morphometry study.
Changes in fMRI magnitude data and phase data observed in block-design and event-related tasks.
Event-related components of the punishment and reward sensitivity
Human dopamine receptor D2/D3 availability predicts amygdala reactivity to unpleasant stimuli.
Emotional and neutral declarative memory impairments and associated white matter microstructural abnormalities in adults with type 2 diabetes.
A functional magnetic resonance imaging study of inhibitory control in obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Perceptual and semantic contributions to repetition priming of environmental sounds.
Cerebral and cerebrospinal processes underlying counterirritation analgesia.
Neural correlates (ERP/fMRI) of voluntary selection in adult ADHD patients.
Differential temporo-parietal cortical networks that support relational and item-based recency judgments.
Identifying the brain's most globally connected regions
Subjective mental time: the functional architecture of projecting the self to past and future.
The development of performance-monitoring function in the posterior medial frontal cortex
Cognitive Control of Drug Craving Inhibits Brain Reward Regions in Cocaine Abusers
Diffusion tensor imaging and tract-based spatial statistics in Alzheimer's disease and mild cognitive impairment.
The neuronal correlates of intranasal trigeminal function—an ALE meta-analysis of human functional brain imaging data
Dissociation of neural networks for anticipation and consumption of monetary and social rewards.
Combining functional and anatomical connectivity reveals brain networks for auditory language comprehension.
Sub-cortical and brainstem sites associated with chemo-stimulated increases in ventilation in humans.
More is less: Emotion induced prefrontal cortex activity habituates in aging
Multidimensional assessment of empathic abilities: Neural correlates and gender differences
Effect of a psychoneurotherapy on brain electromagnetic tomography in individuals with major depressive disorder
The neural architecture of discourse compression.
Distinct brain networks for time-varied characteristics of acupuncture.
Using perfusion MRI to measure the dynamic changes in neural activation associated with tonic muscular pain
Neural components underlying behavioral flexibility in human reversal learning.
Disrupted white matter integrity of corticopontine-cerebellar circuitry in schizophrenia.
Neural systems for reading aloud: a multiparametric approach.
Neural aspects of sentence comprehension: syntactic complexity, reversibility, and reanalysis.
Executive control function, brain activation and white matter hyperintensities in older adults
Superadditive responses in superior temporal sulcus predict audiovisual benefits in object categorization.
Investigating the functional heterogeneity of the default mode network using coordinate-based meta-analytic modeling
Symbolic gestures and spoken language are processed by a common neural system
The Neural Correlates of Persuasion: A Common Network across Cultures and Media
Dissociable neural substrates for agentic versus conceptual representations of self.
Roles of medial prefrontal cortex and orbitofrontal cortex in self-evaluation.
Cognitive and motor loops of the human cerebro-cerebellar system.
Neural dissociations between action verb understanding and motor imagery.
Virus and epidemic: causal knowledge activates prediction error circuitry.
Neural mechanisms of the testosterone-aggression relation: the role of orbitofrontal cortex.
Human anterior intraparietal and ventral premotor cortices support representations of grasping with the hand or a novel tool.
The neural correlates of linguistic distinctions: unaccusative and unergative verbs.
The commonality of neural networks for verbal and visual short-term memory.
Neural mechanisms of context effects on face recognition: automatic binding and context shift decrements.
Functional correlates of distractor suppression during spatial working memory encoding
Imaging brain fatigue from sustained mental workload: an ASL perfusion study of the time-on-task effect.
Genotype-Phenotype Aspects of Type 2 Long QT Syndrome
Gray matter abnormalities in Internet addiction: A voxel-based morphometry study
Reduced cortical thickness in first episode schizophrenia.
Neural correlates of response inhibition in pediatric bipolar disorder and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.
Developmental specialization in the right intraparietal sulcus for the abstract representation of numerical magnitude.
Hyporesponsive reward anticipation in the basal ganglia following severe institutional deprivation early in life.
Refreshing and integrating visual scenes in scene-selective cortex.
In the eye of the beholder: internally driven uncertainty of danger recruits the amygdala and dorsomedial prefrontal cortex.
Minds made for sharing: initiating joint attention recruits reward-related neurocircuitry.
BDNF gene polymorphism (Val66Met) predicts amygdala and anterior hippocampus responses to emotional faces in anxious and depressed adolescents.
Phonological processing in post-lingual deafness and cochlear implant outcome.
Structural and cognitive deficits in remitting and non-remitting recurrent depression: A voxel-based morphometric study
Maintenance of real objects and their verbal designations in working memory.
Neural basis for dynamic updating of object representation in visual working memory.
A complementary systems account of word learning: neural and behavioural evidence
Neuronal encoding of human kinematic invariants during action observation.
Evidence for anomalous network connectivity during working memory encoding in schizophrenia: an ICA based analysis.
Network Changes in the Transition from Initial Learning to Well-Practiced Visual Categorization
Altered Function of Ventral Striatum during Reward-Based Decision Making in Old Age
Neuronal network pharmacodynamics of GABAergic modulation in the human cortex determined using pharmaco‐magnetoencephalography†
Association of trait emotional intelligence and individual fMRI-activation patterns during the perception of social signals from voice and face.
Top-down activation of fusiform cortex without seeing faces in prosopagnosia.
Three stages and four neural systems in time estimation.
Functional variation of the dopamine D2 receptor gene is associated with emotional control as well as brain activity and connectivity during emotion processing in humans.
Behavioral and neural evidence of incentive bias for immediate rewards relative to preference-matched delayed rewards.
Gray matter density in limbic and paralimbic cortices is associated with trauma load and EMDR outcome in PTSD patients
Contorted and ordinary body postures in the human brain.
Somatosensory system deficits in schizophrenia revealed by MEG during a median-nerve oddball task.
Emotional and cognitive aspects of empathy and their relation to social cognition--an fMRI-study.
Predicting Grip Force Amplitude Involves Circuits in the Anterior Basal Ganglia
Self-referential processing and the prefrontal cortex over the course of depression: a pilot study.
Functional epileptic network in left mesial temporal lobe epilepsy detected using resting fMRI
The impact of left hemisphere stroke on force control with familiar and novel objects: neuroanatomic substrates and relationship to apraxia.
Neural long-term effects of emotion regulation on episodic memory processes.
Motor timing and motor sequencing contribute differently to the preparation for voluntary movement.
Involvement of right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in ill-structured design cognition: an fMRI study.
Brain potential correlates of the “internal features advantage” in face recognition
Aberrant social and cerebral responding in a competitive reaction time paradigm in criminal psychopaths
Your mind's hand: motor imagery of pointing movements with different accuracy.
Anomalous neural circuit function in schizophrenia during a virtual Morris water task.
Imaging systems level consolidation of novel associate memories: a longitudinal neuroimaging study.
Cortical anatomy in human X monosomy.
Modeling hemodynamic responses in auditory cortex at 1.5 T using variable duration imaging acoustic noise.
Prestimulus functional connectivity determines pain perception in humans.
Testing for a Cultural Influence on Reading for Meaning in the Developing Brain: The Neural Basis of Semantic Processing in Chinese Children
Task Control Signals in Pediatric Tourette Syndrome Show Evidence of Immature and Anomalous Functional Activity
Body-Specific Motor Imagery of Hand Actions: Neural Evidence from Right- and Left-Handers
Functional atlas of emotional faces processing: a voxel-based meta-analysis of 105 functional magnetic resonance imaging studies
White matter connectivity and psychosis in ultra-high-risk subjects: a diffusion tensor fiber tracking study.
Measurement of brain function in pre-school children using a custom sized whole-head MEG sensor array
BDNF Genotype Modulates Resting Functional Connectivity in Children
Nonlinear relationship between emotional valence and brain activity: evidence of separate negative and positive valence dimensions.
The neural correlates of sex differences in emotional reactivity and emotion regulation.
Cocaine addiction: diffusion tensor imaging study of the inferior frontal and anterior cingulate white matter.
Voxel-based analyses of gray/white matter volume and diffusion tensor data in major depression.
Grey matter volume reductions in the emotion network of patients with depression and coronary artery disease.
Human rostral dorsal premotor cortex mediates graspability judgment of external objects by evaluating hand motor capability.
Dopamine-induced changes in neural network patterns supporting aversive conditioning
Automated detection of brain atrophy patterns based on MRI for the prediction of Alzheimer's disease.
Neuronal correlates in the modulation of placebo analgesia in experimentally-induced esophageal pain: a 3T-fMRI study.
Dopamine D(1) receptors and age differences in brain activation during working memory.
Neural correlates of inhibitory deficits in depression.
Evidence of gray matter reduction and dysfunction in chromosome 22q11.2 deletion syndrome.
Regional cerebral glucose metabolism and anxiety symptoms in bipolar depression: Effects of levothyroxine
Cannabis use and callosal white matter structure and integrity in recent-onset schizophrenia.
Color Stroop and negative priming in schizophrenia: an fMRI study.
Remapping in the Ipsilesional Motor Cortex after VR-based Training: a Pilot fMRI Study
Sociotopy in the temporoparietal cortex: common versus distinct processes.
Motor and non-motor error and the influence of error magnitude on brain activity.
Impact of the virtual reality on the neural representation of an environment.
The role of inferior frontal and parietal areas in differentiating meaningful and meaningless object-directed actions.
Volition diminishes genetically mediated amygdala hyperreactivity.
Dissociating the contributions of independent corticostriatal systems to visual categorization learning through the use of reinforcement learning modeling and Granger causality modeling.
Sadness enhances the experience of pain via neural activation in the anterior cingulate cortex and amygdala: an fMRI study.
Early sensory encoding of affective prosody: neuromagnetic tomography of emotional category changes.
Structural brain differences and cognitive functioning related to body mass index in older females.
Impaired verbal memory in Parkinson disease: relationship to prefrontal dysfunction and somatosensory discrimination
Alterations of resting state functional connectivity in the default network in adolescents with autism spectrum disorders.
Attention inhibition of early cortical activation to fearful faces.
The neural substrates of impaired finger tapping regularity after stroke.
Functional imaging of sympathetic activation during mental stress.
Abnormalities in neural processing of emotional stimuli in Williams syndrome vary according to social vs. non-social content.
A comparison of permutation and parametric testing for between group effective connectivity differences using DCM.
Anhedonia and emotional experience in schizophrenia: neural and behavioral indicators.
Neural activity to a partner's facial expression predicts self-regulation after conflict.
Working memory abnormalities in chronic interictal epileptic psychosis and schizophrenia revealed by magnetoencephalography
Neural processing of asynchronous audiovisual speech perception.
The amodal system for conscious word and picture identification in the absence of a semantic task.
Effects of aging on default mode network activity in resting state fMRI: does the method of analysis matter?
Exploring the brain in pain: activations, deactivations and their relation.
Behavioral, neuroimaging, and computational evidence for perceptual caching in repetition priming.
The effect of G72 genotype on neural correlates of memory encoding and retrieval.
Hierarchical rule switching in prefrontal cortex.
Anterior intraparietal cortex codes complexity of observed hand movements
Impairment and compensation coexist in amnestic MCI default mode network.
Time-frequency dynamics of resting-state brain connectivity measured with fMRI.
Altered activation in association with reward-related trial-and-error learning in patients with schizophrenia.
Dynamic subcortical blood flow during male sexual activity with ecological validity: A perfusion fMRI study
Self-involvement modulates the effective connectivity of the autobiographical memory network.
Recollection versus strength as the primary determinant of hippocampal engagement at retrieval.
Atypical neural self-representation in autism.
Intellectual enrichment is linked to cerebral efficiency in multiple sclerosis: functional magnetic resonance imaging evidence for cognitive reserve.
Individual and Additive Effects of the CNR1 and FAAH Genes on Brain Response to Marijuana Cues
Exploring Cortical Attentional System by Using fMRI during a Continuous Perfomance Test
Unconsciously Perceived Fear in Peripheral Vision Alerts the Limbic System: A MEG Study
Neural Mechanisms of Intermodal Sustained Selective Attention with Concurrently Presented Auditory and Visual Stimuli
FMRI effective connectivity and TMS chronometry: complementary accounts of causality in the visuospatial judgment network.
The neural bases of word encoding and retrieval: A fMRI-guided transcranial magnetic stimulation study.
Current techniques in postmortem imaging with specific attention to paediatric applications
Self-reflection and the brain: a theoretical review and meta-analysis of neuroimaging studies with implications for schizophrenia.
Connectivity analysis reveals a cortical network for eye gaze perception.
Semantic, factual, and social language comprehension in adolescents with autism: an FMRI study.
Preparation to inhibit a response complements response inhibition during performance of a stop-signal task.
Age-effects on associative object-location memory.
Common and segregated neural substrates for automatic conceptual and affective priming as revealed by event-related functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Variation in orbitofrontal cortex volume: relation to sex, emotion regulation and affect
Age-related reorganization of functional networks for successful conflict resolution: a combined functional and structural MRI study.
Structural neuroplasticity in the sensorimotor network of professional female ballet dancers.
Acupuncture needling sensation: the neural correlates of deqi using fMRI.
Power spectrum scale invariance quantifies limbic dysregulation in trait anxious adults using fMRI: adapting methods optimized for characterizing autonomic dysregulation to neural dynamic time series
Evaluating functional localizers: the case of the FFA.
Learning to appreciate others: neural development of cognitive perspective taking.
Learning second language vocabulary: neural dissociation of situation-based learning and text-based learning.
The neural basis of agency: an fMRI study.
Dopamine transporter gene variation modulates activation of striatum in youth with ADHD
Speaking words in two languages with one brain: neural overlap and dissociation.
Exploring the relationship between depressive and anxiety symptoms and neuronal response to alcohol cues.
From uncertainty to reward: BOLD characteristics differentiate signaling pathways
A voxel-based morphometry study of disease severity correlates in relapsing–remitting multiple sclerosis
Effect of temporal lobe structure volume on memory in elderly depressed patients.
Neural representation of subjective value under risk and ambiguity.
fMRI-adaptation studies of viewpoint tuning in the extrastriate and fusiform body areas.
The functional anatomy of a perceptual decision in the human brain.
Real versus imagined locomotion: a [18F]-FDG PET-fMRI comparison.
fMRI-adaptation evidence of overlapping neural representations for objects related in function or manipulation.
Diminished neural processing of aversive and rewarding stimuli during selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor treatment.
Sensitivity of Human Visual and Vestibular Cortical Regions to Egomotion-Compatible Visual Stimulation
Neural correlates of incidental and directed facial emotion processing in adolescents and adults.
An fMRI investigation of the cultural specificity of music memory.
Functional neuroimaging of duration discrimination on two different time scales.
Regional grey matter volume abnormalities in bulimia nervosa and binge-eating disorder.
Distinct representations of phonemes, syllables, and supra-syllabic sequences in the speech production network
The time course of activity in dorsolateral prefrontal cortex and anterior cingulate cortex during top-down attentional control.
Compensatory mechanisms underlie intact task-switching performance in schizophrenia.
Cycle and gender-specific cerebral activation during a verb generation task using fMRI: comparison of women in different cycle phases, under oral contraception, and men.
The effect of Neuregulin 1 on neural correlates of episodic memory encoding and retrieval.
The functional organisation of the fronto-temporal language system: evidence from syntactic and semantic ambiguity.
The effects of COMT (Val108/158Met) and DRD4 (SNP -521) dopamine genotypes on brain activations related to valence and magnitude of rewards.
Functional abnormalities in normally appearing athletes following mild traumatic brain injury: a functional MRI study.
Is our self nothing but reward? Neuronal overlap and distinction between reward and personal relevance and its relation to human personality.
Superior temporal activation as a function of linguistic knowledge: insights from deaf native signers who speechread.
Nicotine dependence is characterized by disordered reward processing in a network driving motivation.
Neural correlates of abstract verb processing.
Cross-modal interactions during perception of audiovisual speech and nonspeech signals: an fMRI study.
Insula and orbital frontal cortex activity underlying emotion interference resolution in working memory.
Cerebro-cerebellar interactions underlying temporal information processing.
The neural substrates and timing of top-down processes during coarse-to-fine categorization of visual scenes: a combined fMRI and ERP study.
A unique role for the human amygdala in novelty detection.
The neural correlates of implicit and explicit self-relevant processing.
Neural processing of negative word stimuli concerning body image in patients with eating disorders: an fMRI study.
Loss of control during instrumental learning: a source localization study.
Self-related awareness and emotion regulation.
Structural correlates of memory performance with diffusion tensor imaging
When I think about me and simulate you: medial rostral prefrontal cortex and self-referential processes.
Neuroanatomical Correlates of Developmental Dyscalculia: Combined Evidence from Morphometry and Tractography
Exploring Hypotheses of the Actions of TGF-β1 in Epidermal Wound Healing Using a 3D Computational Multiscale Model of the Human Epidermis
Changes in neuronal activation patterns in response to androgen deprivation therapy: a pilot study
An fMRI study of multi-modal semantic and phonological processing in reading disabled adolescents
Differential processing of metacognitive evaluation and the neural circuitry of the self and others in schizophrenia: a pilot study.
Neural control of cross-language asymmetry in the bilingual brain.
White matter development in adolescence: a DTI study.
Face-identity change activation outside the face system: "release from adaptation" may not always indicate neuronal selectivity.
Alterations in regional homogeneity of resting-state brain activity in autism spectrum disorders.
Neural correlates of generating visual nouns and motor verbs in a minimal phrase context.
Neural response to working memory load varies by dopamine transporter genotype in children.
Individual differences in auditory sentence comprehension in children: An exploratory event-related functional magnetic resonance imaging investigation.
The interaction of working memory and emotion in persons clinically at risk for psychosis: an fMRI pilot study.
Comparing the neural basis of monetary reward and cognitive feedback during information-integration category learning.
Prefrontal-related functional connectivities within the default network are modulated by COMT val158met in healthy young adults.
ALE meta-analysis of action observation and imitation in the human brain
A group independent component analysis of covert verb generation in children: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Brain mechanisms for representing what another person sees.
Impaired top-down processes in schizophrenia: a DCM study of ERPs.
Neural substrates of phonological selection for Japanese character Kanji based on fMRI investigations
Regional brain atrophy in primary fatigued patients with multiple sclerosis.
Auditory hallucinations in schizophrenia are associated with reduced functional connectivity of the temporo-parietal area.
Extensive video-game experience alters cortical networks for complex visuomotor transformations.
Reduced activation and inter-regional functional connectivity of fronto-striatal networks in adults with childhood Attention-Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) and persisting symptoms during tasks of motor inhibition and cognitive switching
Neural correlates of episodic retrieval: an fMRI study of the part-list cueing effect.
COMT genotype and its role on hippocampal-prefrontal regions in declarative memory.
Understanding actors and object-goals in the human brain.
Attentional control activation relates to working memory in attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.
Neural response to the behaviorally relevant absence of anticipated outcomes and the presentation of potentially harmful stimuli: A human fMRI study.
Chronic effects of cannabis use on the human reward system: an fMRI study.
Deviant processing of letters and speech sounds as proximate cause of reading failure: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study of dyslexic children.
Biasing the organism for novelty: A pervasive property of the attention system.
Fronto-temporal dysregulation in asymptomatic bipolar I patients: a paired associate functional MRI study.
Functional response in ventral temporal cortex differentiates mild cognitive impairment from normal aging
Common and distinct neural substrates for the perception of speech rhythm and intonation.
The role of the cingulate cortex as neural generator of the N200 and P300 in a tactile response inhibition task.
Localization of asymmetric brain function in emotion and depression.
Neural correlates of irony comprehension: the role of schizotypal personality traits.
Exploring vision-related acupuncture point specificity with multivoxel pattern analysis
Increased amygdala and parahippocampal gyrus activation in schizophrenic patients with auditory hallucinations: an fMRI study using independent component analysis.
Anatomy of bipolar disorder and schizophrenia: a meta-analysis.
Hierarchical organization of scripts: converging evidence from FMRI and frontotemporal degeneration.
Sex differences in stress response circuitry activation dependent on female hormonal cycle.
Value computations in ventral medial prefrontal cortex during charitable decision making incorporate input from regions involved in social cognition.
Brain Activity Dissociates Mentalization from Motivation During an Interpersonal Competitive Game
Removal of BCG artifacts from EEG recordings inside the MR scanner: a comparison of methodological and validation-related aspects.
Atypical development of white matter microstructure in adolescents with autism spectrum disorders
Speech errors in progressive non-fluent aphasia.
Metabolic alterations associated with impaired clock drawing in Lewy body dementia
Flanker negative priming from spatially unpredictable primes: An ERP study
Visual guidance modulates hemispheric asymmetries during an interlimb coordination task.
Functional neural networks underlying semantic encoding of associative memories.
Activation in striatum and medial temporal lobe during sequence learning in younger and older adults: Relations to performance
Reduced anterior prefrontal cortex activation in young binge drinkers during a visual working memory task.
Language and its interacting components: the right hemisphere hypothesis in derivational morphology.
Activation of the limbic system under 30% oxygen during a visuospatial task: an fMRI study.
The contribution of mesiofrontal cortex to the preparation and execution of repetitive syllable productions: an fMRI study.
Multi-level comparison of empathy in schizophrenia: an fMRI study of a cartoon task.
Combining a semantic differential with fMRI to investigate brands as cultural symbols
An fMRI Study of Frontostriatal Circuits During the Inhibition of Eye Blinking in Persons With Tourette Syndrome
Group-level variations in motor representation areas of thenar and anterior tibial muscles: Navigated Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation Study.
The neural control of bimanual movements in the elderly: Brain regions exhibiting age-related increases in activity, frequency-induced neural modulation, and task-specific compensatory recruitment.
Correlation between quantitative EEG and MRI in idiopathic generalized epilepsy.
Brain activations reflect individual discount rates in intertemporal choice.
Retest reliability of reward-related BOLD signals.
A parallel framework for simultaneous EEG/fMRI analysis: methodology and simulation.
Reduced Task-related Suppression during Semantic Repetition Priming in Schizophrenia
A neurosemantic theory of concrete noun representation based on the underlying brain codes.
High-field FMRI reveals brain activation patterns underlying saccade execution in the human superior colliculus.
Alteration of resting brain function by genetic variation in angiotensin converting enzyme in amnestic-type mild cognitive impairment of Chinese Han.
The role of the superior temporal sulcus and the mirror neuron system in imitation.
Sound Naming in Neurodegenerative Disease
The time course of ventrolateral prefrontal cortex involvement in memory formation.
Domain general change detection accounts for "dishabituation" effects in temporal-parietal regions in functional magnetic resonance imaging studies of speech perception.
The role of the unaffected hemisphere in motor recovery after stroke.
Physical and motor fitness are both related to cognition in old age.
Motor foundations of higher cognition: similarities and differences in processing regular and violated perceptual sequences of different specificity.
Brain circuitry underlying pain in response to imagined movement in people with spinal cord injury.
Atypical activation of the mirror neuron system during perception of hand motion in autism.
Working memory circuitry in schizophrenia shows widespread cortical inefficiency and compensation
Sex-based differences in the behavioral and neuronal responses to food
Live face-to-face interaction during fMRI: a new tool for social cognitive neuroscience.
Amygdala integrates emotional expression and gaze direction in response to dynamic facial expressions.
Global and local morphometric differences in recently abstinent methamphetamine-dependent individuals.
Reduced white matter integrity as a neural correlate of social cognition deficits in schizophrenia.
The brain-derived neurotrophic factor Val66Met polymorphism affects memory formation and retrieval of biologically salient stimuli.
Dissociating the roles of the default-mode, dorsal, and ventral networks in episodic memory retrieval.
Salience maps in parietal cortex: imaging and computational modeling.
Hierarchical organization of human auditory cortex: evidence from acoustic invariance in the response to intelligible speech.
“What” and “Where” in the Intraparietal Sulcus: An fMRI Study of Object Identity and Location in Visual Short-Term Memory
Separate channels for processing form, texture, and color: evidence from FMRI adaptation and visual object agnosia.
Brain regions involved in the learning and application of reward rules in a two-deck gambling task.
When desire collides with reason: functional interactions between anteroventral prefrontal cortex and nucleus accumbens underlie the human ability to resist impulsive desires.
Reduced functional coupling in the default-mode network during self-referential processing.
Conditional and syllogistic deductive tasks dissociate functionally during premise integration.
A preliminary study of functional magnetic resonance imaging response during verbal encoding among adolescent binge drinkers
A CCA+ICA based model for multi-task brain imaging data fusion and its application to schizophrenia.
Functional neural substrates of self-reported physical anhedonia in non-clinical individuals and in patients with schizophrenia
Depression symptoms and cognitive control of emotion cues: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study
From EEG to BOLD: brain mapping and estimating transfer functions in simultaneous EEG-fMRI acquisitions.
Reward circuitry responsivity to food predicts future increases in body mass: moderating effects of DRD2 and DRD4.
An fMRI study of magnitude comparison and exact addition in children
Unification of sentence processing via ear and eye: an fMRI study.
Neural Mechanisms Underlying Learning following Semantic Mediation Treatment in a case of Phonologic Alexia
Neural Regions that Underlie Reinforcement Learning Also Engage in Social Expectancy Violations
fMR-adaptation indicates selectivity to audiovisual content congruency in distributed clusters in human superior temporal cortex
The brain's relevance detection network operates independently of stimulus modality.
Delineating self-referential processing from episodic memory retrieval: common and dissociable networks.
Smaller insula and inferior frontal volumes in young adults with pervasive developmental disorders.
The spatial and temporal dynamics of anticipatory preparation and response inhibition in task-switching
Shared and selective neural correlates of inhibition, facilitation, and shifting processes during executive control.
The effects of gender and catechol O-methyltransferase (COMT) Val108/158Met polymorphism on emotion regulation in velo-cardio-facial syndrome (22q11.2 deletion syndrome): An fMRI study.
Impairments in cognition and resting-state connectivity of the hippocampus in elderly subjects with type 2 diabetes.
Disruption of prefrontal function and connectivity in individuals with phenylketonuria
Age Differences in Default Mode Activity on Easy and Difficult Spatial Judgment Tasks
Emotional imagery: assessing pleasure and arousal in the brain's reward circuitry.
Individual differences in socioaffective skills influence the neural bases of fear processing: the case of alexithymia.
The relation of ventromedial prefrontal cortex activity and heart rate fluctuations at rest.
Contextual novelty changes reward representations in the striatum.
Neuroplasticity Associated with Tactile Language Communication in a Deaf-Blind Subject
Altered spontaneous neuronal activity of the default-mode network in mesial temporal lobe epilepsy.
Differential engagement of brain regions within a ‘core’ network during scene construction
The neural implementation of task rule activation in the task-cuing paradigm: an event-related fMRI study.
Simulating neurocognitive aging: effects of a dopaminergic antagonist on brain activity during working memory.
Neurobiological correlates of problem gambling in a quasi-realistic blackjack scenario as revealed by fMRI.
Grey matter changes associated with host genetic variation and exposure to Herpes Simplex Virus 1 (HSV1) in first episode schizophrenia.
Reading about the actions of others: biological motion imagery and action congruency influence brain activity.
Focal epileptiform spikes do not show a canonical BOLD response in patients with benign rolandic epilepsy (BECTS)
COMT Val(108/158)Met polymorphism effects on emotional brain function and negativity bias.
Spontaneous brain activity and EEG microstates. A novel EEG/fMRI analysis approach to explore resting-state networks.
Neural differences in the processing of semantic relationships across cultures.
Sleep deprivation impairs object-selective attention: a view from the ventral visual cortex.
Better than Expected or as Bad as You Thought? The Neurocognitive Development of Probabilistic Feedback Processing
Left cytoarchitectonic BA 44 processes syntactic gender violations in determiner phrases.
Automatic brain response to facial emotion as a function of implicitly and explicitly measured extraversion
Does low self-esteem enhance social pain? The relationship between trait self-esteem and anterior cingulate cortex activation induced by ostracism.
Dynamic coding of events within the inferior frontal gyrus in a probabilistic selective attention task.
Attentional control in anterior cingulate cortex based on probabilistic cueing.
Early Stages of Figure–Ground Segregation during Perception of the Face–Vase
Does sleep promote false memories?
Combining functional neuroimaging with off-line brain stimulation: modulation of task-related activity in language areas.
Identifying the what, why, and how of an observed action: an fMRI study of mentalizing and mechanizing during action observation.
Failure to engage spatial working memory contributes to age-related declines in visuomotor learning.
Putting the pieces together: the role of dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in relational memory encoding.
Individual differences in dispositional mindfulness and brain activity involved in reappraisal of emotion.
Behavioral activation system modulation on brain activation during appetitive and aversive stimulus processing.
Cortical mechanisms for the segregation and representation of acoustic textures.
Mental hoop diaries: emotional memories of a college basketball game in rival fans.
Reduced laterality as a trait marker of schizophrenia--evidence from structural and functional neuroimaging.
Neural correlates of aversive conditioning: development of a functional imaging paradigm for the investigation of anxiety disorders.
Isolating the internal in endogenous attention.
On the wrong side of the trolley track: neural correlates of relative social valuation.
The neural substrates of action identification
Rostral Cingulate Zone and correct response monitoring: ICA and source localization evidences for the unicity of correct- and error-negativities.
Neural correlates of stimulus-invariant decisions about motion in depth.
Functional magnetic resonance imaging of choice reaction time in chronic schizophrenia and first-degree relatives
Working memory fMRI activation in cocaine-dependent subjects: association with treatment response.
Voxel-based morphometry comparison between first episodes of psychosis with and without evolution to schizophrenia.
Brain activation during the perception of distorted body images in eating disorders.
Differential fractional anisotropy abnormalities in adolescents with ADHD or schizophrenia.
Coherent motion processing in autism spectrum disorder (ASD): an fMRI study.
Neuroanatomic and cognitive abnormalities related to herpes simplex virus type 1 in schizophrenia.
Dissociable connectivity within human angular gyrus and intraparietal sulcus: evidence from functional and structural connectivity.
Modulation of hypothalamus and amygdalar activation levels with stimulus valence.
Effects of low-field magnetic stimulation on brain glucose metabolism.
Similar cerebral networks in language, music and song perception.
Speaking in multiple languages: neural correlates of language proficiency in multilingual word production.
Specialization of the Rostral Prefrontal Cortex for Distinct Analogy Processes
Imaging memory in temporal lobe epilepsy: predicting the effects of temporal lobe resection.
Atorvastatin therapy is associated with greater and faster cerebral hemodynamic response
Fronto-striato-limbic hyperactivation in obsessive-compulsive disorder during individually tailored symptom provocation.
Reduced functional connectivity in a right-hemisphere network for volitional ocular motor control in schizophrenia.
Argument structure effects in action verb naming in static and dynamic conditions
The Neural Substrates of Subjective Time Dilation
Working memory for vibrotactile frequencies: comparison of cortical activity in blind and sighted individuals.
Dynamic EEG-informed fMRI modeling of the pain matrix using 20-ms root mean square segments.
Optimal transcranial magnetic stimulation coil placement for targeting the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex using novel magnetic resonance image-guided neuronavigation.
Differential effects of semantic processing on memory encoding.
The volatility of the amygdala response to masked fearful eyes.
Interest in politics modulates neural activity in the amygdala and ventral striatum.
Parkinson's disease and healthy aging: independent and interacting effects on action selection.
Fronto-cingulate effective connectivity in obsessive compulsive disorder: a study with fMRI and dynamic causal modeling.
Decreased neuronal activity in reward circuitry of pathological gamblers during processing of personal relevant stimuli.
Distinct functional contributions of primary sensory and association areas to audiovisual integration in object categorization.
EEG measures index neural and cognitive recovery from sleep deprivation.
Hippocampal gamma oscillations increase with memory load.
Effect of immunomodulatory medication on regional gray matter loss in relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis--a longitudinal MRI study.
Common neural systems associated with the recognition of famous faces and names: an event-related fMRI study.
Primary and secondary rewards differentially modulate neural activity dynamics during working memory.
Cerebral activation associated with speech sound discrimination during the diotic listening task: an fMRI study.
White matter structures associated with creativity: Evidence from diffusion tensor imaging
Lapsing when sleep deprived: neural activation characteristics of resistant and vulnerable individuals.
Separating distinct aspects of the voluntary selection between response alternatives: N2- and P3-related BOLD responses.
Representation of the speech effectors in the human motor cortex: somatotopy or overlap?
Neuroanatomical correlates of psychopathology in antipsychotic-naïve schizophrenia
The inferior, anterior temporal lobes and semantic memory clarified: Novel evidence from distortion-corrected fMRI
Normal variation in fronto-occipital circuitry and cerebellar structure with an autism-associated polymorphism of CNTNAP2
Studying the role of human parietal cortex in visuospatial attention with concurrent TMS-fMRI.
Quantitative analysis of asymmetrical cortical activity based on power spectrum changes.
fMRI tracks reductions in repetitive behaviors in autism: Two case studies
Women with a history of childhood maltreatment exhibit more activation in association areas following non-traumatic olfactory stimuli: a fMRI study.
Beyond Dopamine: Functional MRI Predictors of Responsiveness to Cognitive Behaviour Therapy for Psychosis
The inferior parietal lobule and recognition memory: expectancy violation or successful retrieval?
An "as soon as possible" effect in human intertemporal decision making: behavioral evidence and neural mechanisms.
REVERSAL OF THE CONCRETENESS EFFECT IN SEMANTIC DEMENTIA
Premotor cortex mediates perceptual performance
Love hurts: an fMRI study.
Action selection: a race model for selected and non-selected actions distinguishes the contribution of premotor and prefrontal areas.
'Do I like this person?' A network analysis of midline cortex during a social preference task.
Conflict and inhibition differentially affect the N200/P300 complex in a combined go/nogo and stop-signal task.
Altered activation and functional connectivity of neural systems supporting cognitive control of emotion in psychosis proneness.
Performance degradation and altered cerebral activation during dual performance: evidence for a bottom-up attentional system.
Effects of age and sex on developmental neural networks of visual-spatial attention allocation.
Switching schizophrenia patients from typical neuroleptics to aripiprazole: effects on working memory dependent functional activation.
The ventral and inferolateral aspects of the anterior temporal lobe are crucial in semantic memory: evidence from a novel direct comparison of distortion-corrected fMRI, rTMS, and semantic dementia.
The changing face of emotion: age-related patterns of amygdala activation to salient faces.
Neural correlates of recognition memory for emotional faces and scenes.
From moral to legal judgment: the influence of normative context in lawyers and other academics.
The emergence of explicit memory during learning.
Interleaved transcranial magnetic stimulation and fMRI suggests that lamotrigine and valproic acid have different effects on corticolimbic activity.
Hippocampal contribution to early and later stages of implicit motor sequence learning.
Comparison of the disparity between Talairach and MNI coordinates in functional neuroimaging data: validation of the Lancaster transform.
Religious beliefs influence neural substrates of self-reflection in Tibetans.
Human medial orbitofrontal cortex is recruited during experience of imagined and real rewards.
Cerebral Correlates of Amygdala Responses During Non-Conscious Perception of Facial Affect in Adolescent and Pre-Adolescent Children
The magnitude representation of small and large symbolic numbers in the left and right hemisphere: an event-related fMRI study.
Dissociating linguistic and task-related activity in the left inferior frontal gyrus.
Twelve-Month Metabolic Declines in Probable Alzheimer's Disease and Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment Assessed Using an Empirically Pre-Defined Statistical Region-of-Interest: Findings from the Alzheimer's Disease Neuroimaging Initiative
The trait of sensory processing sensitivity and neural responses to changes in visual scenes.
Striatal activity during intentional switching depends on pattern stability.
Striatal prediction error modulates cortical coupling.
Audiovisual functional magnetic resonance imaging adaptation reveals multisensory integration effects in object-related sensory cortices.
Error effects in anterior cingulate cortex reverse when error likelihood is high.
Internal and external features of the face are represented holistically in face-selective regions of visual cortex.
“It's Not What You Say, But How You Say it”: A Reciprocal Temporo-frontal Network for Affective Prosody
The envious brain: the neural basis of social comparison.
Cortical activation by tactile stimulation to face and anterior neck areas: an fMRI study with three analytic methods.
Electrophysiology meets fMRI: neural correlates of the startle reflex assessed by simultaneous EMG-fMRI data acquisition.
Longitudinal characterization of white matter maturation during adolescence.
On the characterization of the spatio-temporal profiles of brain activity associated with face naming and the tip-of-the-tongue state: A magnetoencephalographic (MEG) study
Altered connectivity between prefrontal and sensorimotor cortex in conversion paralysis.
Emotional complexity and the neural representation of emotion in motion.
Feeling anxious: anticipatory amygdalo-insular response predicts the feeling of anxious anticipation.
Increased sensorimotor network activity in DYT1 dystonia: a functional imaging study
A central role for the lateral prefrontal cortex in goal-directed and stimulus-driven attention
Reentrant Processing in Intuitive Perception
Age-related changes in grey and white matter structure throughout adulthood
The effect of stimulus context on pitch representations in the human auditory cortex.
Healthy adolescents' neural response to reward: associations with puberty, positive affect, and depressive symptoms.
Fronto-striatal correlates of impaired implicit sequence learning in major depression: an fMRI study.
Cortical activation during mental rotation in male-to-female and female-to-male transsexuals under hormonal treatment
The relationship of lyrics and tunes in the processing of unfamiliar songs: a functional magnetic resonance adaptation study.
Right hemisphere dominance during spatial selective attention and target detection occurs outside the dorsal frontoparietal network.
Dissociation within the frontoparietal network in verbal working memory: a parametric functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Neural Activation in the ‘Reward Circuit’ Shows a Nonlinear Response to Facial Attractiveness
Neural correlates of focused attention and cognitive monitoring in meditation
Scene Complexity: Influence on Perception, Memory, and Development in the Medial Temporal Lobe
Predicting and memorizing observed action: differential premotor cortex involvement.
Basal ganglia hypoactivity during grip force in drug naive Parkinson's disease.
fMRI study of mesial temporal lobe epilepsy using amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation analysis.
Regional gray matter volume of dopaminergic system associate with creativity: Evidence from voxel-based morphometry
Smile and Laughter Induction and Intraoperative Predictors of Response to Deep Brain Stimulation for Obsessive Compulsive Disorder
Brain activation evidence for response conflict in the exclude recognition task.
Temporal pole activity during understanding other persons' mental states correlates with neuroticism trait.
Mental representations of action: the neural correlates of the verbal and motor components.
Neural correlates of using distancing to regulate emotional responses to social situations.
Cortical thickness and voxel-based morphometry in depressed elderly.
Bilateral functional asymmetry disparity in positive and negative schizophrenia revealed by resting-state fMRI.
Task-dependent neural correlates of the processing of verbal threat-related stimuli in social phobia.
fMRI abnormalities in dorsolateral prefrontal cortex during a working memory task in manic, euthymic and depressed bipolar subjects.
The power of charisma--perceived charisma inhibits the frontal executive network of believers in intercessory prayer.
Brain Activation while Thinking about the Self from Another Person’s Perspective after Traumatic Brain Injury in Adolescents
Comparison of “standard” and “navigated” procedures of TMS coil positioning over motor, premotor and prefrontal targets in patients with chronic pain and depression
rTMS for the treatment of tinnitus: the role of neuronavigation for coil positioning.
On the role of object information in action observation: an fMRI study.
Recollection-related hippocampal activity during continuous recognition: a high-resolution fMRI study.
A preliminary study of medial temporal lobe function in youths with a history of caregiver deprivation and emotional neglect
Co-occurring Anxiety Influences Patterns of Brain Activity in Depression
Chronic myofascial temporomandibular pain is associated with neural abnormalities in the trigeminal and limbic systems.
Temperament at 5 years of age predicts amygdala and orbitofrontal volume in the right hemisphere in adolescence.
Auditory temporal expectations modulate activity in visual cortex
Increased functional brain response during word retrieval in cognitively intact older adults at genetic risk for Alzheimer's disease.
Human brain activation in response to visual stimulation with rural and urban scenery pictures: A functional magnetic resonance imaging study
The neural correlates of visuospatial perceptual and oculomotor extrapolation.
Cerebral asymmetries: complementary and independent processes.
Altered parahippocampal functioning in cannabis users is related to the frequency of use.
Functional connectivity in fronto-subcortical circuitry during the resting state in obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Decreased activation of lateral orbitofrontal cortex during risky choices under uncertainty is associated with disadvantageous decision-making and suicidal behavior.
Brain activity during bladder filling is related to white matter structural changes in older women with urinary incontinence.
Recomposing a fragmented literature: how conditional and relational arguments engage different neural systems for deductive reasoning.
No neural evidence of statistical learning during exposure to artificial languages in children with autism spectrum disorders.
Verbal memory retrieval engages visual cortex in musicians
Dissociable responses to punishment in distinct striatal regions during reversal learning
Structure-function relationships in the context of reinforcement-related learning: a combined diffusion tensor imaging–functional magnetic resonance imaging study
The effect of semantic relatedness on syntactic analysis: An fMRI study.
Neural correlates of forgiveness for moral transgressions involving deception.
Depression is associated with increased sensitivity to signals of disgust: A functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Severity of dependence modulates smokers' neuronal cue reactivity and cigarette craving elicited by tobacco advertisement.
Encoding of temporal probabilities in the human brain.
Scaling of neural responses to visual and auditory motion in the human cerebellum.
Linear increases in BOLD response associated with increasing proportion of incongruent trials across time in a colour Stroop task.
Enhanced neural activity in frontal and cerebellar circuits after cognitive training in children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.
Genetic variation in G72 correlates with brain activation in the right middle temporal gyrus in a verbal fluency task in healthy individuals.
Neural correlates of the continuous Wagon Wheel Illusion: a functional MRI study.
Dehydration affects brain structure and function in healthy adolescents.
Anterior cingulate activity and the self in disorders of consciousness.
Frontal and parietal contributions to arithmetic fact retrieval: a parametric analysis of the problem-size effect.
fMRI adaptation dissociates syntactic complexity dimensions.
Decomposing the neural mechanisms of visual search through model-based analysis of fMRI: top-down excitation, active ignoring and the use of saliency by the right TPJ.
Emotion Separation Is Completed Early and It Depends on Visual Field Presentation
What and where in mirror reading.
Structural and functional magnetic resonance imaging correlates of motor network dysfunction in primary progressive multiple sclerosis.
Distinct patterns of functional and structural neuroplasticity associated with learning Morse code.
The Very Preterm Brain in Young Adulthood: The Neural Correlates of Verbal Paired Associate Learning
Study-specific EPI template improves group analysis in functional MRI of young and older adults.
Functional connectivity to a right hemisphere language center in prematurely born adolescents.
Got it! Understanding the concept of a tool.
Intrinsic functional connectivity of the periaqueductal gray, a resting fMRI study.
Within- and cross-participant classifiers reveal different neural coding of information.
Prosodic and narrative processing in American Sign Language: an fMRI study.
Effects of aging on hippocampal and anterior temporal activations during successful retrieval of memory for face-name associations.
Beyond the memory mechanism: person-selective and nonselective processes in recognition of personally familiar faces.
Level of processing modulates the neural correlates of emotional memory formation.
Viewing one's own face being touched modulates tactile perception: an fMRI study.
What does the right hemisphere know about phoneme categories?
Multimodal imaging of incidental retrieval: the low route to memory.
The neural substrates of recognition memory for verbal information: spanning the divide between short- and long-term memory.
Neural correlates of sublexical processing in phonological working memory.
Task context and frontal lobe activation in the Stroop task.
Overrecruitment in the aging brain as a function of task demands: evidence for a compensatory view.
Phonological neighborhood effects in spoken word production: an fMRI study.
Role for presupplementary motor area in inhibition of cognitive set interference.
From agents to objects: sexist attitudes and neural responses to sexualized targets.
Medial temporal lobe dysfunction during encoding and retrieval of episodic memory in non-demented APOE ε4 carriers
Unfair? It depends: neural correlates of fairness in social context.
Self-esteem modulates medial prefrontal cortical responses to evaluative social feedback.
The "visual word form area" is involved in successful memory encoding of both words and faces.
How the brain handles temporally uncoupled bimanual movements.
Effects of category-specific costs on neural systems for perceptual decision-making.
Past experience modulates the neural mechanisms of episodic memory formation.
Functional significance of striatal responses during episodic decisions: recovery or goal attainment?
Compensation and disease severity on the memory-related activations in mild cognitive impairment.
MRI predictors of cognitive change in a diverse and carefully characterized elderly population.
Mirrored, imagined and executed movements differentially activate sensorimotor cortex in amputees with and without phantom limb pain.
Subthalamic Nucleus Stimulation Affects Theory of Mind Network: A PET Study in Parkinson's Disease
Factors in sensory processing of prosody in schizotypal personality disorder: an fMRI experiment.
How should I decide? The neural correlates of everyday moral reasoning.
Distributed task coding throughout the multiple demand network of the human frontal–insular cortex
Determining the optimal level of smoothing in cortical thickness analysis: a hierarchical approach based on sequential statistical thresholding.
Continuous motor sequence learning: cortical efficiency gains accompanied by striatal functional reorganization.
Visuospatial perspective taking in a dynamic environment: Perceiving moving objects from a first-person-perspective induces a disposition to act
Identification of attention and cognitive control networks in a parametric auditory fMRI study.
The impact of early-onset cannabis use on functional brain correlates of working memory
Differential category learning processes: The neural basis of comparison-based learning and induction.
Functional network interactions during sensorimotor synchronization in musicians and non-musicians.
What goes down must come up: role of the posteromedial cortices in encoding and retrieval.
Association Between Learning Capabilities and Practice-Related Activation Changes in Schizophrenia
A New Auditory Multi-Class Brain-Computer Interface Paradigm: Spatial Hearing as an Informative Cue
Top-down and bottom-up attention to memory are dissociated in posterior parietal cortex: neuroimagingand and neuropsychological evidence.
Disturbed structural connectivity is related to inattention and impulsivity in adult attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.
Neural substrates of graphomotor sequence learning: a combined FMRI and kinematic study.
Analysis of functional networks involved in motor execution and motor imagery using combined hierarchical clustering analysis and independent component analysis
The neural processes underlying self-agency.
Neuropsychological profile of prodromal Alzheimer's disease (Prd-AD) and their radiological correlates
Individual differences in working memory capacity and distractor processing: possible contribution of top-down inhibitory control.
Regional homogeneity of fMRI time series in autism spectrum disorders.
The representation of experimental tooth pain from upper and lower jaws in the human trigeminal pathway.
Non-invasive brain mapping of motor-related areas of four limbs in patients with clinically isolated syndrome compared to healthy normal controls
Specialization along the left superior temporal sulcus for auditory categorization.
Differential representation of dynamic and static power grip force in the sensorimotor network.
The neural basis of lip-reading capabilities is altered by early visual deprivation.
Hippocampal activation during retrieval of spatial context from episodic and semantic memory.
Cerebrocerebellar Hypometabolism Associated With Repetitive Blast Exposure Mild Traumatic Brain Injury in 12 Iraq War Veterans With Persistent Post-Concussive Symptoms
Voxel-based analysis of Alzheimer's disease PET imaging using a triplet of radiotracers: PIB, FDDNP, and FDG
Disturbed sexual dimorphism of brain activation during mental rotation in schizophrenia.
Emotional processing in a salient motion context: integration of motion and emotion in both V5/hMT+ and the amygdala.
Evidence of a novel somatopic map in the human neocerebellum during complex actions.
Dissociable neural responses to hands and non-hand body parts in human left extrastriate visual cortex.
White matter neuroplastic changes in long-term trained players of the game of “Baduk”11“Baduk” is the Korean name which replaces the Japanese name “GO,” designating a traditional Far Eastern board game with two kinds of pieces (black and white stones) manipulated by two opponents. For game-play details, see Introduction.(GO): A voxel-based diffusion-tensor imaging study
Reduced cognitive control of response inhibition by the anterior cingulate cortex in autism spectrum disorders.
Brain sensitivity to print emerges when children learn letter-speech sound correspondences.
Obstructive Sleep Apnea and Age: A Double Insult to Brain Function?
Déjà-vu in temporal lobe epilepsy: metabolic pattern of cortical involvement in patients with normal brain MRI.
How instructions modify perception: an fMRI study investigating brain areas involved in attributing human agency.
Neural mechanism of unconscious perception of surprised facial expression.
Reproducibility of thalamic segmentation based on probabilistic tractography.
Effects of exogenous testosterone on the ventral striatal BOLD response during reward anticipation in healthy women.
When the future becomes the past: Differences in brain activation patterns for episodic memory and episodic future thinking.
Bilateral brain regions associated with naming in older adults.
A prefrontal non-opioid mechanism in placebo analgesia.
Symptom-correlated brain regions in young adults with combined-type ADHD: their organization, variability, and relation to behavioral performance.
Increased neural activation during picture encoding and retrieval in 60-year-olds compared to 20-year-olds.
Multiple cognitive control mechanisms associated with the nature of conflict.
Voxel-based morphometry in eating disorders: correlation of psychopathology with grey matter volume.
Time and frequency domain event-related electrical activity associated with response control in schizophrenia
Erythropoietin modulates neural and cognitive processing of emotional information in biomarker models of antidepressant drug action in depressed patients.
Instruction dependent activation during optokinetic nystagmus (OKN) stimulation: An FMRI study at 3T.
Aftermath of sexual abuse history on adult patients suffering from chronic functional pain syndromes: An fMRI pilot study
Multi-voxel coding of stimuli, rules, and responses in human frontoparietal cortex.
Brain plasticity and intellectual ability are influenced by shared genes.
New method for fMRI investigations of language: defining ROIs functionally in individual subjects.
Localization of sublexical speech perception components.
Neural correlates and effective connectivity of subjective colors during the Benham's top illusion: a functional MRI study.
Automatic top-down processing explains common left occipito-temporal responses to visual words and objects.
White matter microstructure of the cingulum and cerebellar peduncle is related to sustained attention and working memory: a diffusion tensor imaging study.
Striatal dysfunction marks preexisting risk and medial prefrontal dysfunction is related to problem drinking in children of alcoholics.
Dissection of perceptual, motor and autonomic components of brain activity evoked by noxious stimulation.
In psychopathic patients emotion attribution modulates activity in outcome-related brain areas.
Evidence of increased activation underlying cognitive control in ecstasy and cannabis users.
An extended motor network generates beta and gamma oscillatory perturbations during development
Escitalopram attenuates posterior cingulate activity during self-evaluation in healthy volunteers.
Gray matter volume differences specific to formal thought disorder in schizophrenia.
Dissociating the neural correlates of intra-item and inter-item working-memory binding.
Resource-demanding versus cost-effective bimanual interaction in the brain.
Neural correlates of viewing photographs of one’s own body and another woman’s body in anorexia and bulimia nervosa: an fMRI study
To move or not to move: imperatives modulate action-related verb processing in the motor system
Multisensory conflict modulates the spread of visual attention across a multisensory object.
Characterizing the neural correlates of modality-specific and modality-independent accessibility and availability signals in memory using partial-least squares
Modality-specific and modality-independent components of the human imagery system.
The effects of Brief Behavioral Activation Therapy for Depression on cognitive control in affective contexts: An fMRI investigation.
The functional architecture of the infant brain as revealed by resting-state fMRI.
Simultaneous EEG-fMRI during a working memory task: modulations in low and high frequency bands.
An fMRI investigation of cognitive stages in reasoning by analogy.
Processing of food pictures: influence of hunger, gender and calorie content.
Hippocampal and striatal gray matter volume are associated with a smoking cessation treatment outcome: results of an exploratory voxel-based morphometric analysis.
Effects of acute tryptophan depletion on neural processing of facial expressions of emotion in humans.
Signatures of Memory: Brain Coactivations during Retrieval Distinguish Correct from Incorrect Recollection
Decoding task-based attentional modulation during face categorization
Nothing to fear? Neural systems supporting avoidance behavior in healthy youths.
fMR-Adaptation Reveals Invariant Coding of Biological Motion on the Human STS
Manipulation of Length and Lexicality Localizes the Functional Neuroanatomy of Phonological Processing in Adult Readers
Encoding social interactions: the neural correlates of true and false memories.
The literate brain: the relationship between spelling and reading.
A role for the striatum in regret-related choice repetition.
fMRI responses to words repeated in a congruous semantic context are abnormal in mild Alzheimer’s disease
Brain processing of visceral sensation upon esophageal chemical stimulation in different types of GERD
Dual-task interference during initial learning of a new motor task results from competition for the same brain areas.
Triangles have goals too: understanding action representation in left aIPS.
Neuroanatomical correlates of executive functions in children and adolescents: a magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) study of cortical thickness.
Adult Age Differences in Functional Connectivity during Executive Control
An fMRI study on mental pain and suicidal behavior.
Mental state attribution and the temporoparietal junction: an fMRI study comparing belief, emotion, and perception.
Eigenvector centrality mapping for analyzing connectivity patterns in fMRI data of the human brain.
Autism spectrum traits in the typical population predict structure and function in the posterior superior temporal sulcus.
Atypical Functional Brain Activation During a Multiple Object Tracking Task in Girls With Turner Syndrome: Neurocorrelates of Reduced Spatiotemporal Resolution
Nicotine replacement in abstinent smokers improves cognitive withdrawal symptoms with modulation of resting brain network dynamics.
Cross-modal interactions between human faces and voices involved in person recognition.
Dissociating valuation and saliency signals during decision-making.
Reward, addiction, and emotion regulation systems associated with rejection in love.
Neural basis of individual differences in synesthetic experiences.
Neural mechanisms of repetition priming of familiar and globally unfamiliar visual objects.
A multimodal imaging study in U.S. veterans of Operations Iraqi and Enduring Freedom with and without major depression after blast-related concussion.
Quantitative modeling of the neural representation of objects: how semantic feature norms can account for fMRI activation.
Age differences in neural distinctiveness revealed by multi-voxel pattern analysis.
Decoding the direction of auditory motion in blind humans.
Gray-matter abnormalities in deficit schizophrenia.
Passively viewing negatively valenced baby faces attenuates left amygdala activity in healthy females scoring high on 'Harm Avoidance'.
Inversion effect in the visual processing of Chinese character: an fMRI study.
Post-movement beta rebound abnormality as indicator of mirror neuron system dysfunction in autistic spectrum disorder: An MEG study
Auditory evoked fields to vocalization during passive listening and active generation in adults who stutter.
Mode-dependent and mode-independent representations of numerosity in the right intraparietal sulcus.
Prior auditory information shapes visual category-selectivity in ventral occipito-temporal cortex.
Pinning down response inhibition in the brain--conjunction analyses of the Stop-signal task.
Orbitofrontal cortex provides cross-modal valuation of self-generated stimuli.
The role of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in the inhibition of stereotyped responses.
The involvement of emotion recognition in affective theory of mind.
Amygdalar modulation of frontotemporal connectivity during the inkblot test.
Effects of aging on mindreading ability through the eyes: an fMRI study.
Stop looking angry and smile, please: start and stop of the very same facial expression differentially activate threat- and reward-related brain networks.
Improving Prefrontal Cortex Function in Schizophrenia Through Focused Training of Cognitive Control
Temporomandibular Disorder Modifies Cortical Response to Tactile Stimulation
The amblyopic deficit and its relationship to geniculo-cortical processing streams.
Choosing to make an effort: the role of striatum in signaling physical effort of a chosen action.
Space and Time in Perceptual Causality
The role of the cerebellum in sub- and supraliminal error correction during sensorimotor synchronization: evidence from fMRI and TMS.
Substantia nigra activity level predicts trial-to-trial adjustments in cognitive control
Beyond visual, aural and haptic movement perception: hMT+ is activated by electrotactile motion stimulation of the tongue in sighted and in congenitally blind individuals
Cerebral and cerebellar gray matter reduction in first-episode patients with major depressive disorder: A voxel-based morphometry study
What gets the attention of the temporo-parietal junction? An fMRI investigation of attention and theory of mind.
The neural correlates and temporal sequence of the relationship between shock exposure, disturbed sleep and impaired consolidation of fear extinction
Age-related dedifferentiation of learning systems: an fMRI study of implicit and explicit learning.
Cerebral processing of pain in school-aged children with neonatal nociceptive input: an exploratory fMRI study.
Age-Related Functional Changes in Gustatory and Reward Processing Regions: An fMRI Study
Aging and decision making under uncertainty: behavioral and neural evidence for the preservation of decision making in the absence of learning in old age.
Analyzing the connectivity between regions of interest: An approach based on cluster Granger causality for fMRI data analysis
Syntactic structure building in the anterior temporal lobe during natural story listening.
Acute Ethanol Effects on Brain Activation in Low- and High-Level Responders to Alcohol
Anticipating the consequences of action: an fMRI study of intention-based task preparation.
Phospholipase A2activity is associated with structural brain changes in schizophrenia
Contributions of frontopolar cortex to judgments about self, others and relations.
Neural competition for conscious representation across time: an fMRI study.
Structural imaging in the presymptomatic stage of genetically determined parkinsonism
Patterns of altered cortical perfusion and diminished subcortical integrity in posttraumatic stress disorder: an MRI study.
Evaluating an acoustically quiet EPI sequence for use in fMRI studies of speech and auditory processing.
Lateral prefrontal cortex subregions make dissociable contributions during fluid reasoning.
Vasopressin modulates medial prefrontal cortex-amygdala circuitry during emotion processing in humans.
Functional neuroanatomy supporting judgments of when events occurred.
Parietal cortex and episodic memory retrieval in schizophrenia.
Increased amygdala activation during automatic processing of facial emotion in schizophrenia.
Developmental dyslexia in Chinese and English populations: dissociating the effect of dyslexia from language differences
Neural and behavioral responses to threatening emotion faces in children as a function of the short allele of the serotonin transporter gene.
Functional imaging of working memory and peripheral endothelial function in middle-aged adults.
Decreased regional homogeneity in insula and cerebellum: a resting-state fMRI study in patients with major depression and subjects at high risk for major depression.
Executive and behavioral deficits share common neural substrates in frontotemporal lobar degeneration — A pilot FDG-PET study
Processing of spectral and amplitude envelope of animal vocalizations in the human auditory cortex.
Selective functional integration between anterior temporal and distinct fronto-mesolimbic regions during guilt and indignation.
Effective connectivity of cortical and subcortical regions during unification of sentence structure.
Inferential reasoning by exclusion recruits parietal and prefrontal cortices.
Regional brain activity during early visual perception in unaffected siblings of schizophrenia patients.
Functional MRI evidence of an abnormal neural network for pitch processing in congenital amusia.
Human bed nucleus of the stria terminalis indexes hypervigilant threat monitoring.
Moment-to-moment fluctuations in fMRI amplitude and inter-region coupling are predictive of inhibitory performance
Neural basis of conditional cooperation.
Alcohol induced region-dependent alterations of hemodynamic response: implications for the statistical interpretation of pharmacological fMRI studies.
Failing compensatory mechanisms during working memory in older apolipoprotein E-epsilon4 healthy adults.
Default network response to a working memory challenge after withdrawal of continuous positive airway pressure treatment for obstructive sleep apnea.
The nature of processing speed deficits in traumatic brain injury: is less brain more?
Regional white matter anisotropy and reading ability in patients treated for embryonal tumors
An fMRI study of the differences in brain activity during active ankle dorsiflexion and plantarflexion.
Recruitment and stabilization of brain activation within a working memory task; an FMRI study.
Gender differences in brain activation during encoding and recognition of male and female faces.
Disturbed functional connectivity of cortical activation during semantic discrimination in patients with schizophrenia and subjects at genetic high-risk.
Inferior frontal gyrus activation predicts individual differences in perceptual learning of cochlear-implant simulations.
Which way was I going? Contextual retrieval supports the disambiguation of well learned overlapping navigational routes.
Perceptual decisions formed by accumulation of audiovisual evidence in prefrontal cortex.
Component Neural Systems for the Creation of Emotional Memories during Free Viewing of a Complex, Real-World Event
The val158met polymorphism of human catechol-O-methyltransferase (COMT) affects anterior cingulate cortex activation in response to painful laser stimulation
Having a body versus moving your body: neural signatures of agency and body-ownership.
Taking perspective into account in a communicative task.
Brain responses to facial expressions of pain: emotional or motor mirroring?
Aversive stimuli lead to differential amygdala activation and connectivity patterns depending on catechol-O-methyltransferase Val158Met genotype.
Reactivity of hemodynamic responses and functional connectivity to different states of alpha synchrony: a concurrent EEG-fMRI study.
Body mass correlates inversely with inhibitory control in response to food among adolescent girls: an fMRI study.
States versus rewards: dissociable neural prediction error signals underlying model-based and model-free reinforcement learning.
Conscious perception of errors and its relation to the anterior insula
Visual sensory processing deficit in the occipital region in children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder as revealed by event-related potentials during cued continuous performance test
Neural mechanisms of understanding rational actions: middle temporal gyrus activation by contextual violation.
Negative affectivity, self-referential processing and the cortical midline structures.
Cortical representation of natural complex sounds: effects of acoustic features and auditory object category.
Development of the selection and manipulation of self-generated thoughts in adolescence.
The brain functional networks associated to human and animal suffering differ among omnivores, vegetarians and vegans.
Disrupted Functional Connectivity with Dopaminergic Midbrain in Cocaine Abusers
Amygdala engagement in response to subthreshold presentations of anxious face stimuli in adults with autism spectrum disorders: preliminary insights.
Changes in events alter how people remember recent information.
Sleep leads to changes in the emotional memory trace: evidence from FMRI.
Mental rotation meets the motion aftereffect: the role of hV5/MT+ in visual mental imagery.
Watching my mind unfold versus yours: an fMRI study using a novel camera technology to examine neural differences in self-projection of self versus other perspectives.
Category training induces cross-modal object representations in the adult human brain.
An FMRI investigation of attributing negative social treatment to racial discrimination.
Gender differences in brain areas involved in silent counting by means of fMRI
Dissociable contributions of left and right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in planning.
Neuroimaging social emotional processing in women: fMRI study of script-driven imagery.
Associations between regional cortical thickness and attentional networks as measured by the attention network test.
The brain's voices: comparing nonclinical auditory hallucinations and imagery.
Add a picture for suspense: neural correlates of the interaction between language and visual information in the perception of fear.
Dorsal visual pathway changes in patients with comitant extropia.
Unitary haptic perception: integrating moving tactile inputs from anatomically adjacent and non-adjacent digits.
Neuroarchitecture of verbal and tonal working memory in nonmusicians and musicians.
Structural and functional bases for individual differences in motor learning.
Neural correlates of anchoring-and-adjustment during mentalizing.
Neural responses to unattended products predict later consumer choices.
Updating beliefs for a decision: neural correlates of uncertainty and underconfidence.
An fMRI study of the prefrontal activity during the performance of a working memory task in premutation carriers of the fragile X mental retardation 1 gene with and without fragile X-associated tremor/ataxia syndrome (FXTAS)
Affect regulation and pain in borderline personality disorder: a possible link to the understanding of self-injury.
A hierarchy for relational reasoning in the prefrontal cortex.
Diagnostic power of default mode network resting state fMRI in the detection of Alzheimer's disease.
Prefrontal, parietal and basal activation associated with the reordering of a two-element list held in working memory.
The effect of arousal on the emotional memory network depends on valence.
The neural correlates of highly iconic structures and topographic discourse in French Sign Language as observed in six hearing native signers.
Neural correlates of familiarity-based associative retrieval.
Neural changes after phonological treatment for anomia: An fMRI study
Menstrual cycle and hormonal contraceptive use modulate human brain structure.
Neural correlates of body dissatisfaction in anorexia nervosa.
Neural correlates of altered pain response in women with posttraumatic stress disorder from intimate partner violence.
Default mode network abnormalities in bipolar disorder and schizophrenia
Gray and white matter reduction in hyposmic subjects--A voxel-based morphometry study.
Neural mechanisms for voice recognition.
Specific increases within global decreases: a functional magnetic resonance imaging investigation of five days of motor sequence learning.
Neuroelectromagnetic correlates of perceptual closure processes.
Listening to urban soundscapes: Physiological validity of perceptual dimensions.
Impairment of fronto-striatal and parietal cerebral networks correlates with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) psychopathology in adults - a functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI)
It just felt right: The neural correlates of the fluency heuristic
Culture differences in neural processing of faces and houses in the ventral visual cortex.
Cognitive Control in Auditory Working Memory Is Enhanced in Musicians
Early-life stress is associated with impairment in cognitive control in adolescence: an fMRI study.
Acute neuroborreliosis with involvement of the central nervous system.
Enhancing creativity by means of cognitive stimulation: evidence from an fMRI study.
Neural substrates of phasic alertness: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Painful Heat Reveals Hyperexcitability of the Temporal Pole in Interictal and Ictal Migraine States
Broad and narrow conceptual tuning in the human frontal lobes.
Vocal accuracy and neural plasticity following micromelody-discrimination training.
Childhood methylphenidate treatment of ADHD and response to affective stimuli.
Assessments of function and biochemistry of the anterior cingulate cortex in schizophrenia.
Effects of nicotine withdrawal on verbal working memory and associated brain response.
Neural correlates of intolerance of uncertainty.
A virtual reality-based FMRI study of reward-based spatial learning.
Imaging haemodynamic changes related to seizures: comparison of EEG-based general linear model, independent component analysis of fMRI and intracranial EEG.
Autobiographical memory retrieval in patients with Alzheimer's disease.
Relevance vector machine consciousness classifier applied to cerebral metabolism of vegetative and locked-in patients.
Animated brain: a functional neuroimaging study on animacy experience.
Structural and functional plasticity of the hippocampal formation in professional dancers and slackliners.
Constrained principal component analysis reveals functionally connected load-dependent networks involved in multiple stages of working memory.
Exaggerated and disconnected insular-amygdalar blood oxygenation level-dependent response to threat-related emotional faces in women with intimate-partner violence posttraumatic stress disorder.
The hybrid GLM-ICA investigation on the neural mechanism of acupoint ST36: an fMRI study.
Face Coding Is Bilateral in the Female Brain
Neural circuits of disgust induced by sexual stimuli in homosexual and heterosexual men: An fMRI study
The Effect of Stimulant Medication on Prefrontal Functional Connectivity during Working Memory in Attention-deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder
The Neural Substrate of Prior Information in Perceptual Decision Making: A Model-Based Analysis
The Vomeronasal Organ is not Involved in the Perception of Endogenous Odors
Correlations of striatal dopamine synthesis with default network deactivations during working memory in younger adults.
Application of whole-brain CBV-weighted fMRI to a cognitive stimulation paradigm: robust activation detection in a stroop task experiment using 3D GRASE VASO.
Brain mu-opioid receptor binding predicts treatment outcome in cocaine-abusing outpatients.
Altered brain function directly related to structural abnormalities in people at ultra high risk of psychosis: Longitudinal VBM-fMRI study
Action relationships concatenate representations of separate objects in the ventral visual system.
Visuohaptic convergence in a corticocerebellar network.
Sustained happiness? Lack of repetition suppression in right-ventral visual cortex for happy faces.
Forgetting of emotional information is hard: an fMRI study of directed forgetting.
Functional Implications of Age Differences in Motor System Connectivity
Identifying Basal Ganglia Divisions in Individuals Using Resting-State Functional Connectivity MRI
Striatal BOLD Response Reflects the Impact of Herd Information on Financial Decisions
Repetition suppression dissociates spatial frames of reference in human saccade generation.
Neural networks involved in self-judgement in young and elderly adults.
White matter integrity in mild cognitive impairment: a tract-based spatial statistics study.
Differing causal roles for lateral occipital cortex and occipital face area in invariant shape recognition.
The in vivo distribution of brain tissue loss in Richardson's syndrome and PSP-parkinsonism: a VBM-DARTEL study.
Right orbitofrontal corticolimbic and left corticocortical white matter connectivity differentiate bipolar and unipolar depression.
Differences in white matter abnormalities between bipolar I and II disorders.
Effects of somatosensory stimulation and attention on human somatosensory cortex: An fMRI study
The Neural Correlates of Neuroticism Differ by Sex and Prospectively Mediate Depressive Symptoms Among Older Women
The effect of acute citalopram on face emotion processing in remitted depression: a pharmacoMRI study.
First episode drug-naïve major depressive disorder with panic disorder: Gray matter deficits in limbic and default network structures
The effects of reality distortion syndrome on salient stimuli processing in patients with schizophrenia: an fMRI study.
A neural system for evaluating the behavioural relevance of salient events outside the current focus of attention.
Neural competition through visual similarity in face selection.
Cerebral and functional adaptation with chronic hypoxia exposure: a multi-modal MRI study.
Framing effects: behavioral dynamics and neural basis.
Accumulation of neural activity in the posterior insula encodes the passage of time.
Cerebral asymmetries in monozygotic twins: an fMRI study.
Neural synchrony and white matter variations in the human brain--relation between evoked γ frequency and corpus callosum morphology.
Engagement of large-scale networks is related to individual differences in inhibitory control.
Amygdala involvement in human avoidance, escape and approach behavior.
Error detection in the stop signal task.
Neural correlates of implicit and explicit combinatorial semantic processing.
The state of tranquility: subjective perception is shaped by contextual modulation of auditory connectivity.
The role of the left anterior temporal lobe in the semantic processing of famous faces.
Early emergence of deviant frontal fMRI activity for phonological processes in poor beginning readers.
Electrical source dynamics in three functional localizer paradigms.
Evolution and resolution of human brain perfusion responses to the stress of induced hypoglycemia.
It is not always tickling: distinct cerebral responses during perception of different laughter types.
Default network activity, coupled with the frontoparietal control network, supports goal-directed cognition.
Top-down modulation of visual feature processing: the role of the inferior frontal junction.
Cortical temporal dynamics of visually guided behavior.
Representing actions through their sound.
Neural plasticity and treatment-induced recovery of sentence processing in agrammatism.
Mesocorticolimbic circuits are impaired in chronic cocaine users as demonstrated by resting-state functional connectivity.
Neural correlates of real-world route learning.
Are hypersegmented neutrophils a characteristic of Boucher-Neuhäuser syndrome?
Abnormal baseline brain activity in patients with neuromyelitis optica: A resting-state fMRI study
Functional magnetic resonance imaging response to experimental pain in drug-free patients with schizophrenia.
Amygdala reactivity to faces at varying intensities of threat in generalized social phobia: an event-related functional MRI study.
Object-based attentional modulation of biological motion processing: spatiotemporal dynamics using functional magnetic resonance imaging and electroencephalography.
Cortical and subcortical connectivity changes during decreasing levels of consciousness in humans: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study using propofol.
Low-frequency transcranial magnetic stimulation over left dorsal premotor cortex improves the dynamic control of visuospatially cued actions.
Sustained cortical and subcortical neuromodulation induced by electrical tongue stimulation.
Spatial working memory and spatial attention rely on common neural processes in the intraparietal sulcus.
Characteristic brain hypoperfusion by 99mTc-ECD single photon emission computed tomography (SPECT) in patients with the first-episode schizophrenia
Cholinergic Modulation of Hippocampal Activity during Episodic Memory Encoding in Postmenopausal Women: A Pilot Study
Fusiform gyrus face selectivity relates to individual differences in facial recognition ability.
Assessing the neural basis of uncertainty in perceptual category learning through varying levels of distortion.
Decrements in hippocampal activity with item repetition during continuous recognition: an fMRI study.
Comparing segmentation by time and by motion in visual search: an FMRI investigation.
On the neuro-cognitive foundations of basic auditory number processing: an fMRI study
Parietal cortex coding of limb posture: in search of the body-schema.
Investigation of acupoint specificity by functional connectivity analysis based on graph theory
How specifically are action verbs represented in the neural motor system: an fMRI study.
Neural substrates of impaired sensorimotor timing in adult attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.
Correlations between sadness-induced cerebral activations and schizophrenia symptoms: An fMRI study of sex differences
Altered working memory process in the manganese-exposed brain.
Fear thou not: activity of frontal and temporal circuits in moments of real-life courage.
Brain responses differ to faces of mothers and fathers.
Regional homogeneity changes in patients with neuromyelitis optica revealed by resting-state functional MRI
Abnormal functional connectivity of default mode sub-networks in autism spectrum disorder patients.
Enhanced resting-state connectivity of amygdala in the immediate aftermath of acute psychological stress.
Lyme optic neuritis.
The neural basis of rationalization: cognitive dissonance reduction during decision-making.
Top-down modulations in the visual form pathway revealed with dynamic causal modeling.
Dissociating mental states related to doing nothing by means of fMRI pattern classification.
A Parcellation Scheme for Human Left Lateral Parietal Cortex
Are Representations in Working Memory Distinct From Representations in Long-Term Memory? Neural Evidence in Support of a Single Store
Structural Modifications of the Brain in Acclimatization to High-Altitude
Neural correlates of the orthographic neighborhood size effect in Chinese.
Processing of disgusted faces is facilitated by odor primes: a functional MRI study.
The neural substrates of musical memory revealed by fMRI and two semantic tasks.
An fMRI study of sentence-embedded lexical-semantic decision in children and adults.
Neural correlates of pantomiming familiar and unfamiliar tools: action semantics versus mechanical problem solving?
NMDA-receptor antagonist and morphine decrease CRPS-pain and cerebral pain representation.
Effects of body image therapy on the activation of the extrastriate body area in anorexia nervosa: an fMRI study.
Habitual emotion regulation strategies and depressive symptoms in healthy subjects predict fMRI brain activation patterns related to major depression.
Gender differences in alpha-[(11)C]MTrp brain trapping, an index of serotonin synthesis, in medication-free individuals with major depressive disorder: a positron emission tomography study.
Developmental differences in medial temporal lobe function during memory encoding.
Neural Substrates of Reliability-Weighted Visual-Tactile Multisensory Integration
Location, Location, Location: Alterations in the Functional Topography of Face- but not Object- or Place-Related Cortex in Adolescents with Autism
Repetitive stimulation of premotor cortex affects primary motor cortex excitability and movement preparation
Cognitive levels of performance account for hemispheric lateralisation effects in dyslexic and normally reading children.
Sex-linked white matter microstructure of the social and analytic brain.
Methylphenidate attenuates limbic brain inhibition after cocaine-cues exposure in cocaine abusers.
Menstrual cycle modulation of medial temporal activity evoked by negative emotion.
Hippocampal-neocortical networks differ during encoding and retrieval of relational memory: functional and effective connectivity analyses.
A pilot study of brain activation in children with trichotillomania during a visual-tactile symptom provocation task: A functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Neuronal mechanisms during repetitive trigemino-nociceptive stimulation in migraine patients
The D-allele of ACE insertion/deletion polymorphism is associated with regional white matter volume changes and cognitive impairment in remitted geriatric depression.
A functional magnetic resonance imaging navigated repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation study of the posterior parietal cortex in normal pain and hyperalgesia
Functional mapping in the corpus callosum: a 4T fMRI study of white matter.
Distinguishing between lateralized and nonlateralized brain activity associated with visual short-term memory: fMRI, MEG, and EEG evidence from the same observers.
The integration of prosodic speech in high functioning autism: a preliminary FMRI study.
The impact of iconic gestures on foreign language word learning and its neural substrate.
Sexual dimorphism and asymmetry in human cerebellum: an MRI-based morphometric study.
Impulsivity-related brain volume deficits in schizophrenia-addiction comorbidity.
Default network connectivity during a working memory task.
Gray matter correlates of cognitive ability tests used for vocational guidance
A dual-route perspective on poor reading in a regular orthography: an fMRI study.
Distraction and target selection in the brain: an fMRI study.
Novel approach for understanding the neural mechanisms of auditory-motor control: pitch regulation by finger force.
Distinct functional connectivity associated with lateral versus medial rostral prefrontal cortex: A meta-analysis
Association between amygdala response to emotional faces and social anxiety in autism spectrum disorders.
Medial prefrontal cortex-dorsal anterior cingulate cortex connectivity during behavior selection without an objective correct answer.
Prominence vs. aboutness in sequencing: a functional distinction within the left inferior frontal gyrus.
A cerebellar thalamic cortical circuit for error-related cognitive control.
What is right-hemisphere contribution to phonological, lexico-semantic, and sentence processing?
fMRI evidence of neural abnormalities in the subcortical face processing system in ASD
Functional anatomy of listening and reading comprehension during development.
Altered Neural Activity and Emotions Following Right Middle Cerebral Artery Stroke
Brain response to a humanoid robot in areas implicated in the perception of human emotional gestures.
Developmental differences in sustained and transient activity underlying working memory.
Remembering beauty: roles of orbitofrontal and hippocampal regions in successful memory encoding of attractive faces.
The retinotopic organization of the human middle temporal area MT/V5 and its cortical neighbors.
The human basal ganglia modulate frontal-posterior connectivity during attention shifting.
Reference frames for reach planning in human parietofrontal cortex.
Rewarding feedback after correct visual discriminations has both general and specific influences on visual cortex.
Sustained amygdala response to both novel and newly familiar faces characterizes inhibited temperament.
Diffusion Tensor Imaging and Decision Making in Cocaine Dependence
Decoding Developmental Differences and Individual Variability in Response Inhibition Through Predictive Analyses Across Individuals
The Interaction Between Gaze and Facial Expression in the Amygdala and Extended Amygdala is Modulated by Anxiety
Spontaneous and intentional trait inferences recruit a common mentalizing network to a different degree: spontaneous inferences activate only its core areas.
The supraspinal neural correlate of bladder cold sensation--an fMRI study.
Broca's region: linking human brain functional connectivity data and non-human primate tracing anatomy studies.
White matter fractional anisotropy is related to processing speed in metabolic syndrome patients: a case-control study
Neural correlates of emotion recognition in schizophrenia.
Functional phenotyping of successful aging in long-term memory: Preserved performance in the absence of neural compensation.
Abnormal regional spontaneous neural activity in treatment-refractory depression revealed by resting-state fMRI.
Cooperation between the hippocampus and the striatum during episodic encoding.
Differential involvement of somatosensory and interoceptive cortices during the observation of affective touch.
Neural precursors of delayed insight.
Neurocognitive processes of linguistic cues related to death.
Activity in the hippocampus and neocortical working memory regions predicts successful associative memory for temporally discontiguous events.
Multiple mechanisms of consciousness: the neural correlates of emotional awareness.
Supramodal representations of perceived emotions in the human brain.
Brain activations in response to vibrotactile tooth stimulation: a psychophysical and fMRI study.
What differs in visual recognition of handwritten vs. printed letters? An fMRI study.
Cerebral hyporesponsiveness and cognitive impairment 10 years after chemotherapy for breast cancer.
Active and passive touch differentially activate somatosensory cortex in texture perception.
Small gray matter volume in orbitofrontal cortex in Prader-Willi syndrome: a voxel-based MRI study.
Differential activation of the lateral premotor cortex during action observation
Weaving the (neuronal) web: fear learning in spider phobia.
Neural substrates of implicit cueing effect on prospective memory.
Beyond revenge: neural and genetic bases of altruistic punishment.
Functioning of neural systems supporting emotion regulation in anxiety-prone individuals.
Temporal processing in schizophrenia: effects of task-difficulty on behavioral discrimination and neuronal responses.
Dopaminergic modulation of the default mode network in Parkinson's disease.
The neural mechanisms of reciprocal communication.
A Monte Carlo method for locally multivariate brain mapping.
Persistent posterior and transient anterior medial temporal lobe activity during navigation
Modulation of the cortical false belief network during development.
Hippocampal involvement in working memory encoding of changing locations: an fMRI study.
Differences in cerebral activation during perception of optokinetic computer stimuli and video clips of living animals: an fMRI study.
Acute effects of sublingual buprenorphine on brain responses to heroin-related cues in early-abstinent heroin addicts: an uncontrolled trial
Perceptual organization and visual search processes during target detection task performance in schizophrenia, as revealed by fMRI.
Neural sensitivity to social rejection is associated with inflammatory responses to social stress.
With time on our side? Task-dependent compensatory processes in graceful aging.
Hemispheric asymmetries of motor versus nonmotor processes during (visuo)motor control.
Two distinct neural networks support the mapping of meaning to a novel word.
The changes in brain metabolism in people with activated brown adipose tissue: a PET study.
Re-evaluating dissociations between implicit and explicit category learning: an event-related fMRI study.
fMRI BOLD responses to negative stimuli in the prefrontal cortex are dependent on levels of recent negative life stress in major depressive disorder.
Persistent posterior and transient anterior medial temporal lobe activity during navigation.
Functional magnetic resonance imaging reveals the neural substrates of arm transport and grip formation in reach-to-grasp actions in humans.
fMRI studies of successful emotional memory encoding: A quantitative meta-analysis
Fully exploratory network ICA (FENICA) on resting-state fMRI data.
Right frontopolar cortex activity correlates with reliability of retrospective rating of confidence in short-term recognition memory performance.
Anatomical differences and network characteristics underlying smoking cue reactivity.
Spatial working memory in individuals at high risk for psychosis: longitudinal fMRI study.
Striatal and medial temporal lobe functional interactions during visuomotor associative learning.
Increased "default mode" activity in adolescents prenatally exposed to cocaine.
The role of ventral medial prefrontal cortex in social decisions: converging evidence from fMRI and frontotemporal lobar degeneration.
Domain-general mechanisms of complex working memory span.
Genetic associations of brain structural networks in schizophrenia: a preliminary study.
Homocysteine, neural atrophy, and the effect of caloric restriction in rhesus monkeys
Children with reading difficulties show differences in brain regions associated with orthographic processing during spoken language processing.
Spatio-temporal brain dynamics in a combined stimulus-stimulus and stimulus-response conflict task.
Interactive effects of physical activity and APOE-epsilon4 on BOLD semantic memory activation in healthy elders.
BA3b and BA1 activate in a serial fashion after median nerve stimulation: direct evidence from combining source analysis of evoked fields and cytoarchitectonic probabilistic maps.
Processing of infant-directed speech by adults.
A three-dimensional digital segmented and deformable brain atlas of the domestic pig.
Perception of object motion in three-dimensional space induced by cast shadows.
Reduced medial prefrontal cortex volume in adults reporting childhood emotional maltreatment.
Influence of contingency awareness on neural, electrodermal and evaluative responses during fear conditioning.
Forming a negative impression of another person correlates with activation in medial prefrontal cortex and amygdala.
Passive tactile recognition of geometrical shape in humans: An fMRI study
Manifestation of ocular-muscle EMG contamination in human intracranial recordings.
When giving is good: ventromedial prefrontal cortex activation for others' intentions.
Impact of changed positive and negative task-related brain activity on word-retrieval in aging
Factors underlying prefrontal and insula structural alterations in smokers.
Working memory load modulates distractor competition in primary visual cortex.
The role of hippocampus dysfunction in deficient memory encoding and positive symptoms in schizophrenia.
Structural and functional imaging approaches in attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder: does the temporal lobe play a key role?
Backward masked fearful faces enhance contralateral occipital cortical activity for visual targets within the spotlight of attention.
Describing the brain in autism in five dimensions--magnetic resonance imaging-assisted diagnosis of autism spectrum disorder using a multiparameter classification approach.
Neural mechanisms of belief inference during cooperative games.
Neural Substrates of Attentional Bias for Smoking-Related Cues: An fMRI Study
Decreased prefrontal cortex activity in mild traumatic brain injury during performance of an auditory oddball task.
Brain morphological changes associated with cyclic menstrual pain
Eyes on me: an fMRI study of the effects of social gaze on action control.
Processing in prefrontal cortex underlies tactile direction discrimination: An fMRI study of a patient with a traumatic spinal cord lesion.
Manual activity shapes structure and function in contralateral human motor hand area
In vivo brain anatomy of adult males with Fragile X syndrome: an MRI study.
fMRI activation in the amygdala and the orbitofrontal cortex in unmedicated subjects with major depressive disorder.
Functional magnetic resonance imaging of BDNF val66met polymorphism in unmedicated subjects at high genetic risk of schizophrenia performing a verbal memory task.
Olfactory deficit detected by fMRI in early Alzheimer's disease.
Remedial action and feedback processing in a time-estimation task: evidence for a role of the rostral cingulate zone in behavioral adjustments without learning.
Effects of gustatory stimulation on brain activity during hunger and satiety in females with restricting-type anorexia nervosa: An fMRI study
Cortical integration of audio-visual speech and non-speech stimuli.
A common left occipito-temporal dysfunction in developmental dyslexia and acquired letter-by-letter reading?
Synaesthetic colour in the brain: beyond colour areas. A functional magnetic resonance imaging study of synaesthetes and matched controls.
Long-range synchrony of gamma oscillations and auditory hallucination symptoms in schizophrenia
Flexible cerebral connectivity patterns subserve contextual modulations of pain.
Short-term meditation induces white matter changes in the anterior cingulate
Effective connectivity of the multiplication network: a functional MRI and multivariate Granger Causality Mapping study.
Emotion triggers executive attention: anterior cingulate cortex and amygdala responses to emotional words in a conflict task.
Chronic stroke recovery after combined BCI training and physiotherapy: a case report.
Inflammation-induced anhedonia: endotoxin reduces ventral striatum responses to reward.
Poststroke Aphasia Recovery Assessed With Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging and a Picture Identification Task
Separable prefrontal cortex contributions to free recall.
Implicit perceptual anticipation triggered by statistical learning.
Dissociating the role of the caudate nucleus and dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in the monitoring of events within human working memory.
Similarities and differences in perceiving threat from dynamic faces and bodies. An fMRI study.
White matter hyperintensities alter functional organization of the motor system.
Left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex dysfunction in medication-naive schizophrenia.
Aberrant salience network (bilateral insula and anterior cingulate cortex) connectivity during information processing in schizophrenia.
Low HDL Cholesterol is Associated with Lower Gray Matter Volume in Cognitively Healthy Adults
Resting-State Functional Connectivity Differences in Premature Children
An event-related FMRI study of phonological verbal working memory in schizophrenia.
Implicit sequence-specific motor learning after subcortical stroke is associated with increased prefrontal brain activations: an fMRI study.
The amygdala and FFA track both social and non-social face dimensions.
Neural correlates of S-ketamine induced psychosis during overt continuous verbal fluency.
Symbolic representations in motor sequence learning.
Neural mechanisms involved in the oral representation of percussion music: an fMRI study.
The production and detection of deception in an interactive game.
Impairment of prosocial sentiments is associated with frontopolar and septal damage in frontotemporal dementia.
Functional heterogeneity of conflict, error, task-switching, and unexpectedness effects within medial prefrontal cortex
Right temporoparietal junction activation by a salient contextual cue facilitates target discrimination.
Variations of response time in a selective attention task are linked to variations of functional connectivity in the attentional network.
Investigating brain response to music: a comparison of different fMRI acquisition schemes.
Trait approach and avoidance motivation: lateralized neural activity associated with executive function.
Functional relations of empathy and mentalizing: An fMRI study on the neural basis of cognitive empathy
Atypical default network connectivity in youth with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.
Effects of an alpha 7-nicotinic agonist on default network activity in schizophrenia.
fMRI BOLD Response of High-risk College Students (Part 2): During Memory Priming of Alcohol, Marijuana and Polydrug Picture Cues
fMRI BOLD Response in High-risk College Students (Part 1): During Exposure to Alcohol, Marijuana, Polydrug and Emotional Picture Cues
Nicotine increases neural response to unpleasant stimuli and anxiety in non-smokers.
Impact of cognitive performance on the reproducibility of fMRI activation in schizophrenia
Bilateral activation of the trigeminothalamic tract by acute orofacial cutaneous and muscle pain in humans.
Heterogeneity of the left temporal lobe in semantic representation and control: priming multiple versus single meanings of ambiguous words.
Emotion speeds up conflict resolution: a new role for the ventral anterior cingulate cortex?
Spatial attention influences trial-by-trial relationships between response time and functional connectivity in the visual cortex.
Emotional conflict in interpersonal interactions.
Changes in fMRI BOLD response to increasing and decreasing task difficulty during auditory perception of temporal order
Watching TV news as a memory task -- brain activation and age effects
Fronto-temporal spontaneous resting state functional connectivity in pediatric bipolar disorder.
Superior parietal lobule dysfunction in a homogeneous group of dyslexic children with a visual attention span disorder.
Interaction between aging and neurodegeneration in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Grasping language – A short story on embodiment
Listening for Recollection: A Multi-Voxel Pattern Analysis of Recognition Memory Retrieval Strategies
Cortical underconnectivity coupled with preserved visuospatial cognition in autism: Evidence from an fMRI study of an embedded figures task
Functional connectivity of cortical motor areas in the resting state in Parkinson's disease.
Interruption of visually perceived forward motion in depth evokes a cortical activation shift from spatial to intentional motor regions.
Equivalent activation of the hippocampus by face-face and face-laugh paired associate learning and recognition
The power of imagination--how anticipatory mental imagery alters perceptual processing of fearful facial expressions.
Moral judgments recruit domain-general valuation mechanisms to integrate representations of probability and magnitude.
Social appraisal in chronic psychosis: Role of medial frontal and occipital networks
Cortisol enhances neural differentiation during fear acquisition and extinction in contingency aware young women
Amygdala responsivity related to memory of emotionally neutral stimuli constitutes a trait factor for depression.
The role of the contralesional motor cortex for motor recovery in the early days after stroke assessed with longitudinal FMRI.
Physical temperature effects on trust behavior: the role of insula.
Consumption of caloric and non-caloric versions of a soft drink differentially affects brain activation during tasting.
A neuronal basis for task-negative responses in the human brain.
Autistic disorders and schizophrenia: related or remote? An anatomical likelihood estimation.
Dietary restraint violations influence reward responses in nucleus accumbens and amygdala.
The involvement of occipital and inferior frontal cortex in the phonological learning of Chinese characters.
Active ignoring in early visual cortex.
Brain areas consistently linked to individual differences in perceptual decision-making in younger as well as older adults before and after training.
Voluntary explicit versus involuntary conceptual memory are associated with dissociable fMRI responses in hippocampus, amygdala, and parietal cortex for emotional and neutral word pairs.
Representation of action in occipito-temporal cortex.
Human striatal activation during adjustment of the response criterion in visual word recognition.
Developmental changes between ages 13 and 21 years in the extent and magnitude of the BOLD response during decision making.
The structure and connectivity of semantic memory in the healthy older adult brain
A single dose of mirtazapine modulates neural responses to emotional faces in healthy people.
The contributions of transient and sustained response codes to audiovisual integration.
Preservation and modulation of specific left hemisphere regions is vital for treated recovery from anomia in stroke.
Bidirectional connectivity between hemispheres occurs at multiple levels in language processing but depends on sex.
Establishing the boundaries: the hippocampal contribution to imagining scenes.
Lying about the valence of affective pictures: an fMRI study.
Cortical networks representing object categories and high-level attributes of familiar real-world action sounds.
Cognitive reserve and brain volumes in pediatric acute lymphoblastic leukemia
Discovering the somatotopic organization of the motor areas of the medial wall using low-frequency BOLD fluctuations.
Spectral loudness summation takes place in the primary auditory cortex.
Differential activity for animals and manipulable objects in the anterior temporal lobes.
Combination of diffusion tensor and functional magnetic resonance imaging during recovery from the vegetative state
Maturation of limbic corticostriatal activation and connectivity associated with developmental changes in temporal discounting.
Medial prefrontal gray matter volume reductions in users of amphetamine-type stimulants revealed by combined tract-based spatial statistics and voxel-based morphometry
Projecting memories: the role of the hippocampus in emotional mentalizing.
Developmental changes in multivariate neuroanatomical patterns that predict risk for psychosis in 22q11.2 deletion syndrome
Task effects in the mid-fusiform gyrus: a comparison of orthographic, phonological, and semantic processing of Chinese characters.
Brain correlates of stress-induced analgesia.
Volume reduction of the corpus callosum and its relationship with deficits in interhemispheric transfer of information in recent-onset psychosis.
Changes in functioning of mesolimbic incentive processing circuits during the premenstrual phase.
Localized gray matter volume abnormalities in generalized anxiety disorder.
Brain activation during cognitive planning in twins discordant or concordant for obsessive–compulsive symptoms
Oral methylphenidate normalizes cingulate activity in cocaine addiction during a salient cognitive task.
The neuroanatomic correlates of semantic memory deficits in patients with Gulf War illnesses: a pilot study.
Increased biomagnetic activity in healthy elderly with subjective memory complaints
Early and late talkers: school-age language, literacy and neurolinguistic differences.
The role of contralesional dorsal premotor cortex after stroke as studied with concurrent TMS-fMRI.
Load modulation of BOLD response and connectivity predicts working memory performance in younger and older adults.
Evaluation of effective connectivity of motor areas during motor imagery and execution using conditional Granger causality.
Auditory-motor expertise alters "speech selectivity" in professional musicians and actors.
Subcortical and cortical gray matter differences between Kraepelinian and non-Kraepelinian schizophrenia patients identified using voxel-based morphometry.
Dissociable contributions of prefrontal cortex and the hippocampus to short-term memory: evidence for a 3-state model of memory.
Cortical processing of head- and eye-gaze cues guiding joint social attention.
Structural brain alterations in patients with major depressive disorder and high risk for suicide: evidence for a distinct neurobiological entity?
Process-specific prefrontal contributions to episodic encoding and retrieval of tastes: a functional NIRS study.
The neural network sustaining the crossmodal processing of human gender from faces and voices: an fMRI study.
Regional gray and white matter volume abnormalities in obsessive-compulsive disorder: a voxel-based morphometry study.
Memory related dysregulation of hippocampal function in major depressive disorder.
Lateralization of speech production starts in sensory cortices--a possible sensory origin of cerebral left dominance for speech.
Functional neuroimaging at different disease stages reveals distinct phases of neuroplastic changes in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
The default network and processing of personally relevant information: Converging evidence from task-related modulations and functional connectivity
Neural correlates of mental preparation for successful insight problem solving.
Similarities in the patterns of prefrontal cortex activity during spatial and temporal context memory retrieval after equating for task structure and performance.
Regional aerobic glycolysis in the human brain.
What Physiological Changes and Cerebral Traces Tell Us about Adhesion to Fiction During Theater-Watching?
The brain effects of laser acupuncture in healthy individuals: an FMRI investigation.
Brain activation patterns associated with cue reactivity and craving in abstinent problem gamblers, heavy smokers and healthy controls: an fMRI study
Morphometric differences in the Heschl's gyrus of hearing impaired and normal hearing infants.
Deontological and altruistic guilt: evidence for distinct neurobiological substrates.
Audiovisual synchrony improves motion discrimination via enhanced connectivity between early visual and auditory areas.
Adolescent resting state networks and their associations with schizotypal trait expression.
Distinct neural systems involved in agency and animacy detection.
Increased memory load-related frontal activation after estradiol treatment in postmenopausal women.
Localizing sensory and cognitive systems for pre-attentive visual deviance detection: an sLORETA analysis of the data of Kimura et al. (2009).
Brain oscillatory activity during motor imagery in EEG-fMRI coregistration
Instantaneous and Causal Connectivity in Resting State Brain Networks Derived from Functional MRI Data
Anatomical and temporal architecture of theory of mind: a MEG insight into the early stages.
Parsing decision making processes in prefrontal cortex: response inhibition, overcoming learned avoidance, and reversal learning.
When the brain remembers, but the patient doesn't: converging fMRI and EEG evidence for covert recognition in a case of prosopagnosia.
Early impact of 5-HTTLPR polymorphism on the neural correlates of sadness.
Challenges to attention: a continuous arterial spin labeling (ASL) study of the effects of distraction on sustained attention.
Parkinson's disease tremor-related metabolic network: characterization, progression, and treatment effects.
Impaired error-likelihood prediction in medial prefrontal cortex in schizophrenia.
A new method based on ICBM152 head surface for probe placement in multichannel fNIRS.
Identification of hyperactive intrinsic amygdala network connectivity associated with impulsivity in abstinent heroin addicts.
Functional connectivity of the human insular cortex during noxious and innocuous thermal stimulation
Neuroimaging reveals dual routes to reading in simultaneous proficient readers of two orthographies.
Emotion Processing Influences Working Memory Circuits in Pediatric Bipolar Disorder and Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder
Altered white matter fractional anisotropy and social impairment in children with autism spectrum disorder.
FMRI investigation of cross-modal interactions in beat perception: Audition primes vision, but not vice versa
Hemispheric asymmetry in visuotopic posterior parietal cortex emerges with visual short-term memory load.
Time-dependent effects of corticosteroids on human amygdala processing.
Post-error behavioral adjustments are facilitated by activation and suppression of task-relevant and task-irrelevant information processing.
Corticocortical connections mediate primary visual cortex responses to auditory stimulation in the blind.
The embodiment of emotional feelings in the brain.
Chronic smoking, but not acute nicotine administration, modulates neural correlates of working memory.
fMRI memory assessment in healthy subjects: a new approach to view lateralization data at an individual level.
Implicit timing activates the left inferior parietal cortex
Self-organisation in the human visual system--visuo-motor processing with congenitally abnormal V1 input.
Global cerebral hypoperfusion in preclinical stage of idiopathic normal pressure hydrocephalus.
Fronto-striatal contribution to lexical set-shifting.
Preserved hippocampus activation in normal aging as revealed by fMRI.
Preserved hippocampal novelty responses following anterior temporal-lobe resection that impairs familiarity but spares recollection.
Brain-derived neurotrophic factor val66met polymorphism and hippocampal activation during episodic encoding and retrieval tasks.
Functionally dissociating temporal and motor components of response preparation in left intraparietal sulcus.
Cerebral cortical thickness in patients with type 2 diabetes.
Emotion processing in the aging brain is modulated by semantic elaboration.
Wavelet correlation between subjects: a time-scale data driven analysis for brain mapping using fMRI.
Neural activity that predicts subsequent memory and forgetting: A meta-analysis of 74 fMRI studies
The BOLD correlates of the visual P1 and N1 in single-trial analysis of simultaneous EEG-fMRI recordings during a spatial detection task.
A dissociation between social mentalizing and general reasoning
The neural correlates of negative prediction error signaling in human fear conditioning.
Altered engagement of attention and default networks during target detection in schizophrenia.
Reorganization of syntactic processing following left-hemisphere brain damage: does right-hemisphere activity preserve function?
Cross-sectional and longitudinal assessment of structural brain alterations in melancholic depression.
Neural mechanisms of recognizing scene configurations from multiple viewpoints.
Brain plasticity related to the consolidation of motor sequence learning and motor adaptation.
NSAIDs May Protect Against Age-Related Brain Atrophy
More Automation and Less Cognitive Control of Imagined Walking Movements in High- Versus Low-Fit Older Adults
Neural mechanisms of interference control in working memory: effects of interference expectancy and fluid intelligence.
Topographic electrophysiological signatures of FMRI Resting State Networks.
Risky Decisions and Their Consequences: Neural Processing by Boys with Antisocial Substance Disorder
Personally familiar faces are perceived categorically in face-selective regions other than the fusiform face area.
Between- and within-scanner variability in the CaliBrain study n-back cognitive task
Brain mediators of predictive cue effects on perceived pain.
Impaired efficiency of functional networks underlying episodic memory-for-context in schizophrenia.
Hippocampal contributions to the episodic simulation of specific and general future events.
Familiarity modulates mirror neuron and mentalizing regions during intention understanding.
Error processing network dynamics in schizophrenia.
Development of brain networks involved in spoken word processing of Mandarin Chinese.
A test of the role of the medial temporal lobe in single-word decoding.
Mapping anterior temporal lobe language areas with fMRI: a multicenter normative study.
Representation of somatosensory inputs within the cortical autonomic network.
Structural brain alterations associated with dyslexia predate reading onset.
The neural correlates of problem states: testing FMRI predictions of a computational model of multitasking.
Distinct Functional Networks Associated with Improvement of Affective Symptoms and Cognitive Function During Citalopram Treatment in Geriatric Depression
The neural correlates of intertemporal decision-making: contributions of subjective value, stimulus type, and trait impulsivity.
Face recognition under ambiguous visual stimulation: fMRI correlates of "encoding styles".
Role of motor processes in extrinsically encoding mental transformations.
Reorganization of functional and effective connectivity during real-time fMRI-BCI modulation of prosody processing.
Modulation of brain regions involved in word recognition by homophonous stimuli: an fMRI study.
Neurobiological correlates of theory of mind in psychosis proneness.
fMRI of patients with social anxiety disorder during a social situation task.
ASSOCIATION BETWEEN GAB2 HAPLOTYPE AND HIGHER GLUCOSE METABOLISM IN ALZHEIMER'S DISEASE-AFFECTED BRAIN REGIONS IN COGNITIVELY NORMAL APOEε4 CARRIERS
White matter abnormalities in major depression: evidence from post-mortem, neuroimaging and genetic studies.
Plasticity of Brain Networks in a Randomized Intervention Trial of Exercise Training in Older Adults
Neural correlates of task switching in paternal 15q11-q13 deletion Prader-Willi syndrome.
Effect of menstrual cycle phase on corticolimbic brain activation by visual food cues.
Callosal tracts and patterns of hemispheric dominance: A combined fMRI and DTI study
Developmental influences on the neural bases of responses to social rejection: implications of social neuroscience for education.
Word and position interference in stroop tasks: a behavioral and fMRI study.
Microstructural brain injury in post-concussion syndrome after minor head injury
Disruption of white matter integrity in bipolar depression as a possible structural marker of illness.
Distinct frontoparietal networks set the stage for later perceptual identification priming and episodic recognition memory.
Subjective cognitive impairment: Functional MRI during a divided attention task
Intrinsically organized network for word processing during the resting state.
Age and Gender Related Changes in the Normal Human Brain using Hybrid Diffusion Imaging (HYDI)
Working memory maintenance of grasp-target information in the human posterior parietal cortex.
Effective connectivity analysis demonstrates involvement of premotor cortex during speech perception.
Neurobiological substrate of smoking-related attentional bias.
Neurobiology of decision-making in adolescents.
An image fusion algorithm based on multi-resolution decomposition for functional magnetic resonance images.
A common neural system is activated in hearing non-signers to process French Sign language and spoken French
REPRODUCIBILITY OF FMRI ACTIVATIONS ASSOCIATED WITH AUDITORY SENTENCE COMPREHENSION
Changes of brain activation pre- post short-term psychodynamic inpatient psychotherapy: an fMRI study of panic disorder patients.
A cross-sectional and follow-up functional MRI study with a working memory task in adolescent anorexia nervosa.
Neural correlates of emotional processing in depression: Changes with cognitive behavioral therapy and predictors of treatment response
The left occipitotemporal system in reading: disruption of focal fMRI connectivity to left inferior frontal and inferior parietal language areas in children with dyslexia.
Regional gray matter correlates of perceived emotional intelligence.
ACTIVATION AND EFFECTIVE CONNECTIVITY CHANGES FOLLOWING EXPLICIT MEMORY TRAINING FOR FACE-NAME PAIRS IN PATIENTS WITH MILD COGNITIVE IMPAIRMENT: A PILOT STUDY
Involvement of the anterior cingulate and frontoinsular cortices in rapid processing of salient facial emotional information.
Spatiotemporal tuning of brain activity and force performance.
From Language Comprehension to Action Understanding and Back Again
Whole brain resting-state analysis reveals decreased functional connectivity in major depression.
What artificial grammar learning reveals about the neurobiology of syntax.
Neural bases of conditioned placebo analgesia.
Decreased interhemispheric functional connectivity in autism.
Sound-induced enhancement of low-intensity vision: multisensory influences on human sensory-specific cortices and thalamic bodies relate to perceptual enhancement of visual detection sensitivity.
Dysfunctions in brain networks supporting empathy: An fMRI study in adults with autism spectrum disorders
Dissociable neural systems supporting knowledge about human character and appearance in ourselves and others.
Is 2+2=4? Meta-analyses of brain areas needed for numbers and calculations
Cognitive state and connectivity effects of the genome-wide significant psychosis variant in ZNF804A.
Cognitive versus automatic mechanisms of mood induction differentially activate left and right amygdala.
Functional asymmetries in the representation of noise-vocoded speech.
Meta-analytic evidence for common and distinct neural networks associated with directly experienced pain and empathy for pain.
Altered function and connectivity of the medial frontal cortex in pediatric obsessive-compulsive disorder.
A primary study of diffusion tensor imaging-based histogram analysis in vascular cognitive impairment with no dementia
Facilitating memory for novel characters by reducing neural repetition suppression in the left fusiform cortex.
Dissociable processes of cognitive control during error and non-error conflicts: a study of the stop signal task.
Dynamics of brain responses to phobic-related stimulation in specific phobia subtypes.
Cerebellar hyperactivity during smooth pursuit eye movements in bipolar disorder
Emotional perception: Meta-analyses of face and natural scene processing
Chewing-induced regional brain activity in edentulous patients who received mandibular implant-supported overdentures: A preliminary report
The Brain's Cutting-Room Floor: Segmentation of Narrative Cinema
Age-Related Differences in Functional Nodes of the Brain Cortex - A High Model Order Group ICA Study.
Different Brain Network Activations Induced by Modulation and Nonmodulation Laser Acupuncture
Intention processing in communication: a common brain network for language and gestures.
Monitoring in language perception: electrophysiological and hemodynamic responses to spelling violations.
Impact of transient emotions on functional connectivity during subsequent resting state: a wavelet correlation approach.
Adjusting the effect of nonstationarity in cluster-based and TFCE inference.
Neural correlates of developing and adapting behavioral biases in speeded choice reactions--an fMRI study on predictive motor coding.
When music and long-term memory interact: effects of musical expertise on functional and structural plasticity in the hippocampus.
Hebrew brain vs. English brain: Language modulates the way it is processed
Interaction of caudate dopamine depletion and brain metabolic changes with cognitive dysfunction in early Parkinson's disease.
Separate valuation subsystems for delay and effort decision costs.
Frontostriatal involvement in task switching depends on genetic differences in d2 receptor density.
Prefrontal dynamics underlying rapid instructed task learning reverse with practice.
Effects of trauma-related cues on pain processing in posttraumatic stress disorder: an fMRI investigation
Semantic memory involvement in the default mode network: a functional neuroimaging study using independent component analysis.
Young adults born preterm with very low birth weight demonstrate widespread white matter alterations on brain DTI
Effect of attention on cortical processing of sound motion: an EEG study.
Where sound position influences sound object representations: A 7-T fMRI study
Distinct neural correlates for two types of inhibition in bilinguals: response inhibition versus interference suppression.
Task-Related Effects on the Temporal and Spatial Dynamics of Resting-State Functional Connectivity in the Default Network
Cortical Representation of Lateralized Grasping in Chimpanzees (Pan troglodytes): A Combined MRI and PET Study
Two forms of touch perception in the human brain.
Altered fronto-cerebellar connectivity in alcohol-naive youth with a family history of alcoholism.
Voxel-based morphometry studies of personality: issue of statistical model specification--effect of nuisance covariates.
A Pharmacological Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study Probing the Interface of Cognitive and Emotional Brain Systems in Pediatric Bipolar Disorder
Working memory load improves early stages of independent visual processing
Keeping time in your sleep: overnight consolidation of temporal rhythm.
Is there a core neural network in empathy? An fMRI based quantitative meta-analysis.
Default mode network gates the retrieval of task-irrelevant incidental memories.
Linking inter-individual differences in neural activation and behavior to intrinsic brain dynamics.
Mental encoding and neural decoding of abstract cognitive categories: a commentary and simulation.
Incongruence effects in crossmodal emotional integration.
Dissociable brain mechanisms for processing social exclusion and rule violation.
Brain activation related to combinations of gaze position, visual input, and goal-directed hand movements.
Spectral quality of light modulates emotional brain responses in humans.
Granger causality mapping during joint actions reveals evidence for forward models that could overcome sensory-motor delays.
Control of spatial and feature-based attention in frontoparietal cortex.
Distinct modulatory effects of satiety and sibutramine on brain responses to food images in humans: a double dissociation across hypothalamus, amygdala, and ventral striatum.
Expectation-driven changes in cortical functional connectivity influence working memory and long-term memory performance.
Evaluation of a magnetic resonance-compatible dentoalveolar tactile stimulus device
Methylphenidate enhances brain activation and deactivation responses to visual attention and working memory tasks in healthy controls.
Structural magnetic resonance imaging in bipolar disorder: an international collaborative mega-analysis of individual adult patient data.
Regarding fixed ring and floating ring pure moment application.
Brain effects of antidepressants in major depression: a meta-analysis of emotional processing studies.
Amygdala and dorsomedial prefrontal cortex responses to appearance-based and behavior-based person impressions.
Motor learning with augmented feedback: modality-dependent behavioral and neural consequences.
Prediction of subsequent recognition performance using brain activity in the medial temporal lobe.
Reduced dorsal prefrontal gray matter after chronic ketamine use.
Multisensory perception of action in posterior temporal and parietal cortices.
White matter abnormalities in methcathinone abusers with an extrapyramidal syndrome.
Altered neural function in pediatric bipolar disorder during reversal learning
The development of print tuning in children with dyslexia: evidence from longitudinal ERP data supported by fMRI.
Abnormal brain activation during working memory in children with prenatal exposure to drugs of abuse: the effects of methamphetamine, alcohol, and polydrug exposure.
Topographic representation of the human body in the occipitotemporal cortex.
Functional neural networks of time perception: challenge and opportunity for schizophrenia research.
How to regulate emotion? Neural networks for reappraisal and distraction.
Neural Correlates of Affect Processing and Aggression in Methamphetamine Dependence
Functional mapping of language networks in the normal brain using a word-association task
Acupuncture modulates temporal neural responses in wide brain networks: evidence from fMRI study
Developmental changes in effective connectivity in the emerging core face network.
Differentiating heavy from light drinkers by neural responses to visual alcohol cues and other motivational stimuli.
Using a self-organizing map algorithm to detect age-related changes in functional connectivity during rest in autism spectrum disorders.
Altered white matter integrity in first-episode, treatment-naive young adults with major depressive disorder: a tract-based spatial statistics study.
Neuroanatomical changes due to hearing loss and chronic tinnitus: a combined VBM and DTI study.
Receptive prosody in nonfluent primary progressive aphasias.
Flexible memories: differential roles for medial temporal lobe and prefrontal cortex in cross-episode binding.
Trait and state dependent functional impairments in bipolar disorder.
Functional magnetic resonance imaging brain activation in bipolar mania: evidence for disruption of the ventrolateral prefrontal-amygdala emotional pathway.
Individual Differences in the Neural Basis of Causal Inferencing
Aging of human supraspinal locomotor and postural control in fMRI.
Visual detection and identification are not the same: evidence from psychophysics and fMRI.
Induced Unilateral Vocal Fold Paralysis and Recovery Rapidly Modulate Brain Areas Related to Phonatory Behavior: A Case Study
Neural correlates of performance on the different scoring systems of the clock drawing test.
Growing up with bilateral hippocampal atrophy: from childhood to teenage.
Increased activation in superior temporal gyri as a function of increment in phonetic features.
A non-elaborative mental stance and decoupling of executive and pain-related cortices predicts low pain sensitivity in Zen meditators.
Spatio-temporal indications of sub-cortical involvement in leftward bias of spatial attention.
Duration of untreated psychosis is associated with orbital-frontal grey matter volume reductions in first episode psychosis.
Modulating spontaneous brain activity using repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation
Memory and brain volume in adults prenatally exposed to alcohol.
Thalamus abnormalities during working memory in schizophrenia. An fMRI study.
Corticostriatal functional connectivity in non-medicated patients with obsessive-compulsive disorder
Mindfulness practice leads to increases in regional brain gray matter density.
Multispectral brain morphometry in Tourette syndrome persisting into adulthood.
Testing perceptual limits of functional units: Are there “automatic” tendencies to associate tools and objects?
Role of distinct parietal areas in arithmetic: An fMRI-guided TMS study
Congruence of happy and sad emotion in music and faces modifies cortical audiovisual activation.
The role of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in deception when remembering neutral and emotional events.
Early and late onset Alzheimer's disease patients have distinct patterns of white matter damage.
Education, occupation, leisure activities, and brain reserve: a population-based study.
Functional roles and cultural modulations of the medial prefrontal and parietal activity associated with causal attribution.
Prefrontal mechanisms of fear reduction after threat offset.
Assessing white matter integrity as a function of abstinence duration in former cocaine-dependent individuals.
Premovement brain activity in a bimanual load-lifting task.
Modulation of steady state functional connectivity in the default mode and working memory networks by cognitive load.
Spatial patterns of intrinsic brain activity in mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer's disease: a resting-state functional MRI study.
Altered functional adaptation to attention and working memory tasks with increasing complexity in relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis patients.
Perimenopausal use of hormone therapy is associated with enhanced memory and hippocampal function later in life.
Modulation of default-mode network activity by acute tryptophan depletion is associated with mood change: a resting state functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Model-free fMRI group analysis using FENICA.
Specific and nonspecific thalamocortical functional connectivity in normal and vegetative states
Neural signatures of autism.
MEG Responses to the Perception of Global Structure within Glass Patterns
Alternation learning in pathological gamblers: an fMRI Study.
Imaging the functional connectivity of the Periaqueductal Gray during genuine and sham electroacupuncture treatment
Topographical organization of human corpus callosum: an fMRI mapping study.
Evidence for a general face salience signal in human amygdala.
Evidence for a motor and a non-motor domain in the human dentate nucleus--an fMRI study.
"First pain" in humans: convergent and specific forebrain responses
Contributions of the PPC to online control of visually guided reaching movements assessed with fMRI-guided TMS.
Strengthening of top-down frontal cognitive control networks underlying the development of inhibitory control: a functional magnetic resonance imaging effective connectivity study.
Prefrontal and medial temporal lobe activity at encoding predicts temporal context memory.
D2 receptor genotype and striatal dopamine signaling predict motor cortical activity and behavior in humans.
High Field fMRI Reveals Thalamocortical Integration of Segregated Cognitive and Emotional Processing in Mediodorsal and Intralaminar Thalamic Nuclei
Brain Activations to Emotional Pictures are Differentially Associated with Valence and Arousal Ratings.
Aberrant neural processing of moral violations in criminal psychopaths
The pathophysiology of prospective memory failure after diffuse axonal injury - Lesion-symptom analysis using diffusion tensor imaging
Categorical and continuous - disentangling the neural correlates of the carry effect in multi-digit addition
Neural Correlates of Interference Control in Adolescents with Traumatic Brain Injury: Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study of the Counting Stroop Task
Human posterior parietal cortex flexibly determines reference frames for reaching based on sensory context.
Neuroimaging evidence of cerebellar involvement in premenstrual dysphoric disorder.
Experiential, autonomic, and neural responses during threat anticipation vary as a function of threat intensity and neuroticism.
Mental time travel into the past and the future in healthy aged adults: an fMRI study.
TDCS guided using fMRI significantly accelerates learning to identify concealed objects.
Medial prefrontal cortex predicts and evaluates the timing of action outcomes.
Neural responses to meaningless pseudosigns: evidence for sign-based phonetic processing in superior temporal cortex.
Correlated structural and functional brain abnormalities in the default mode network in schizophrenia patients.
Processing social aspects of human gaze: a combined fMRI-DTI study.
Speech-induced suppression of evoked auditory fields in children who stutter.
Decreased language lateralization is characteristic of psychosis, not auditory hallucinations.
Three systems of insular functional connectivity identified with cluster analysis.
The posterior superior temporal sulcus is sensitive to the outcome of human and non-human goal-directed actions.
Neural correlates of rumination in depression
From bad to worse: striatal coding of the relative value of painful decisions.
The Saccadic Re-Centering Bias is Associated with Activity Changes in the Human Superior Colliculus.
Neural networks engaged in tactile object manipulation: patterns of expression among healthy individuals
Acute and sustained effects of cognitive emotion regulation in major depression.
Neural representations of relevant and irrelevant features in perceptual decision making.
Prolonged high-altitude residence impacts verbal working memory: an fMRI study.
ACE I/D polymorphism affects cognitive function and gray-matter volume in amnestic mild cognitive impairment.
Regional homogeneity of the resting-state brain activity correlates with individual intelligence.
Integrating EEG and fMRI in epilepsy.
A Combined fMRI Study of Typed Spelling and Reading
The functional neuroanatomy of morphology in language production.
Functional neuroimaging of emotionally intense autobiographical memories in post-traumatic stress disorder
Lateralization is predicted by reduced coupling from the left to right prefrontal cortex during semantic decisions on written words.
An MEG investigation of the neural mechanisms subserving complex visuomotor coordination
Functional connectivity of the insula in the resting brain.
Aging and the neural correlates of source memory: Over-recruitment and functional reorganization
Phasic and sustained fear in humans elicits distinct patterns of brain activity.
The first taste is always with the eyes: A meta-analysis on the neural correlates of processing visual food cues
Associations and dissociations between default and self-reference networks in the human brain.
Art for reward's sake: visual art recruits the ventral striatum.
Lying in the scanner: covert countermeasures disrupt deception detection by functional magnetic resonance imaging.
The neural basis of visual dominance in the context of audio-visual object processing.
DTI-MR tractography of white matter damage in stroke patients with neglect.
A new paradigm (Westphal-Paradigm) to study the neural correlates of panic disorder with agoraphobia.
Enhancing response inhibition by incentive: comparison of adolescents with and without substance use disorder.
“Stay Tuned”: Inter-Individual Neural Synchronization During Mutual Gaze and Joint Attention
Neural correlates of learning to attend.
Olfactory fMRI in Patients with Parkinson's Disease
Congenital prosopagnosia: multistage anatomical and functional deficits in face processing circuitry
MRI-texture analysis of corpus callosum, thalamus, putamen, and caudate in Machado-Joseph disease.
An fMRI investigation of empathy for 'social pain' and subsequent prosocial behavior.
Effects of alcohol on brain responses to social signals of threat in humans.
Quantification of indirect pathway inhibition by the adenosine A2a antagonist SYN115 in Parkinson disease.
Microstructural Abnormalities in Subcortical Reward Circuitry of Subjects with Major Depressive Disorder
Integrating conflict detection and attentional control mechanisms.
Individual differences in local gray and white matter volumes reflect differences in temperament and character: a voxel-based morphometry study in healthy young females.
Language lateralization in left-handed patients with schizophrenia.
CNS animal fMRI in pain and analgesia.
Learning from other people's experience: a neuroimaging study of decisional interactive-learning.
Activation of central sympathetic networks during innocuous and noxious somatosensory stimulation
Effective connectivity of brain networks during self-initiated movement in Parkinson's disease
Stress-induced reduction in reward-related prefrontal cortex function.
Individuals family history positive for alcoholism show functional magnetic resonance imaging differences in reward sensitivity that are related to impulsivity factors.
Gait-related cerebral alterations in patients with Parkinson's disease with freezing of gait.
Gray matter alterations related to P300 abnormalities in subjects at high risk for psychosis: longitudinal MRI-EEG study.
Increased fMRI signal with age in familial Alzheimer's disease mutation carriers.
Heart rate variability during motor and cognitive tasks in females with major depressive disorder
The functional connectivity between amygdala and extrastriate visual cortex activity during emotional picture processing depends on stimulus novelty.
Resting state functional connectivity within the cingulate cortex jointly predicts agreeableness and stressor-evoked cardiovascular reactivity.
Aging-related changes of neural mechanisms underlying visual-spatial working memory.
Encoding strategy accounts for individual differences in change detection measures of VSTM.
How choice modifies preference: neural correlates of choice justification.
Correlation between gray/white matter volume and cognition in healthy elderly people.
Neural Correlates of Verbal Learning in Adolescent Alcohol and Marijuana Users
Retention of identity versus expression of emotional faces differs in the recruitment of limbic areas.
Prognostic prediction of therapeutic response in depression using high-field MR imaging.
Neuroanatomical correlates of trait anhedonia in patients with schizophrenia: a voxel-based morphometric study.
Overlapping clusters of gray matter deficits in paranoid schizophrenia and psychotic bipolar mania with family history.
The implementation of verbal instructions: an fMRI study.
Hyperactive error responses and altered connectivity in ventromedial and frontoinsular cortices in obsessive-compulsive disorder.
An anterior-to-posterior shift in midline cortical activity in schizophrenia during self-reflection.
Poor decision-making by chronic marijuana users is associated with decreased functional responsiveness to negative consequences.
Brain dysfunctions during facial discrimination in schizophrenia: selective association to affect decoding.
Cerebral blood flow changes associated with different meditation practices and perceived depth of meditation.
Stimulus content and the neural correlates of source memory.
Brain activation associated with motor skill practice in children with developmental coordination disorder: an fMRI study
Biasing visual selection: functional neuroimaging of the interplay between spatial cueing and feature memory guidance.
Obesity-mediated inflammation may damage the brain circuit that regulates food intake.
Alterations in regional homogeneity of baseline brain activity in pediatric temporal lobe epilepsy.
The influence of sentence novelty and figurativeness on brain activity.
Prefrontal direct current stimulation modulates resting EEG and event-related potentials in healthy subjects: a standardized low resolution tomography (sLORETA) study.
Neural deficits in second language reading: fMRI evidence from Chinese children with English reading impairment.
Conflict and cognitive control during sentence comprehension: recruitment of a frontal network during the processing of Spanish object-first sentences.
Improved modulation of rostrolateral prefrontal cortex using real-time fMRI training and meta-cognitive awareness.
Gray and white matter alterations in spinocerebellar ataxia type 7: Anin vivoDTI and VBM study
Right parietal dominance in spatial egocentric discrimination.
Relation of dietary restraint scores to activation of reward-related brain regions in response to food intake, anticipated intake, and food pictures.
An fMRI study of "theory of mind" in at-risk states of psychosis: comparison with manifest schizophrenia and healthy controls.
Effects of parametrical and trial-to-trial variation in prior probability processing revealed by simultaneous electroencephalogram/functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Integration of visual and tactile signals from the hand in the human brain: an FMRI study.
Reward circuitry function in autism spectrum disorders
Exploring the neural dynamics underpinning individual differences in sentence comprehension.
Face-Specific Resting Functional Connectivity between the Fusiform Gyrus and Posterior Superior Temporal Sulcus.
Age Differences in the Neural Representation of Working Memory Revealed by Multi-Voxel Pattern Analysis
Recursive cluster elimination based support vector machine for disease state prediction using resting state functional and effective brain connectivity.
Children with high functioning autism show increased prefrontal and temporal cortex activity during error monitoring.
The influence of rest period instructions on the default mode network.
Changes in resting neural connectivity during propofol sedation.
Is Social Phobia a “Mis-Communication” Disorder? Brain Functional Connectivity during Face Perception Differs between Patients with Social Phobia and Healthy Control Subjects
The impact of anxiety-inducing distraction on cognitive performance: a combined brain imaging and personality investigation.
Modafinil modulation of the default mode network.
Limitation of physical performance in a muscle fatiguing handgrip exercise is mediated by thalamo-insular activity.
COMT Val158Met polymorphism, verbalizing of emotion and activation of affective brain systems.
Contribution of chronic pain and neuroticism to abnormal forebrain gray matter in patients with temporomandibular disorder.
Modulation of subgenual anterior cingulate cortex activity with real-time neurofeedback.
Implicit Memory for Object Locations Depends on Reactivation of Encoding-Related Brain Regions
Implicit phonological priming during visual word recognition.
Functional subdivisions in the left angular gyrus where the semantic system meets and diverges from the default network.
Beyond reversal: a critical role for human orbitofrontal cortex in flexible learning from probabilistic feedback.
APOE4 allele disrupts resting state fMRI connectivity in the absence of amyloid plaques or decreased CSF Abeta42.
Finding your voice: a singing lesson from functional imaging.
Sex differences in neural responses to stress and alcohol context cues.
A hemodynamic correlate of lateralized visual short-term memories.
Altered brain response for semantic knowledge in Alzheimer's disease.
ADHD related behaviors are associated with brain activation in the reward system.
Interplay between morphology and frequency in lexical access: the case of the base frequency effect.
Striatal responses to negative monetary outcomes differ between temperamentally inhibited and non-inhibited adolescents.
Voxel-wise information theoretic EEG-fMRI feature integration
Distributed processing and cortical specialization for speech and environmental sounds in human temporal cortex.
Abnormal cortical activity in patients with temporomandibular disorder evoked by cognitive and emotional tasks.
Altered resting state networks in epileptic patients with generalized tonic-clonic seizures.
Age-related changes of the functional architecture of the cortico-basal ganglia circuitry during motor task execution
Neural correlates of error monitoring modulated by atomoxetine in healthy volunteers.
Infraslow EEG oscillations organize large-scale cortical-subcortical interactions during sleep: a combined EEG/fMRI study.
Magnetic stimulation of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex dissociates fragile visual short-term memory from visual working memory.
Self-face enhances processing of immediately preceding invisible faces.
Neuroanatomy of vulnerability to psychosis: a voxel-based meta-analysis.
Left TPJ activity in verbal working memory: implications for storage- and sensory-specific models of short term memory.
Patterns of brain reorganization subsequent to left fusiform damage: fMRI evidence from visual processing of words and pseudowords, faces and objects.
Opposing patterns of neural priming in same-exemplar vs. different-exemplar repetition predict subsequent memory.
Localization of cerebral functional deficits in patients with non-neuropsychiatric systemic lupus erythematosus.
Sex differences in adolescent white matter architecture.
Right parietal hypoactivation in a cocaine-dependent group during a verbal working memory task.
I remember you: a role for memory in social cognition and the functional neuroanatomy of their interaction.
Task-specific activity and connectivity within the mentalizing network during emotion and intention mentalizing
Complementary roles of systems representing sensory evidence and systems detecting task difficulty during perceptual decision making.
Functional MRI evidence for the importance of visual short-term memory in logographic reading.
Striatal hyposensitivity to delayed rewards among cigarette smokers.
Quantitative Meta-Analysis on State and Trait Aspects of Auditory Verbal Hallucinations in Schizophrenia
Alien hand syndrome: neural correlates of movements without conscious will.
Dynamic emotional and neural responses to music depend on performance expression and listener experience.
Stochastic Resonance Modulates Neural Synchronization within and between Cortical Sources
Affective response to a loved one's pain: insula activity as a function of individual differences.
Exploring the after-effects of theta burst magnetic stimulation on the human motor cortex: a functional imaging study.
Anxiety positive subjects show altered processing in the anterior insula during anticipation of negative stimuli.
Effects of problem size and arithmetic operation on brain activation during calculation in children with varying levels of arithmetical fluency.
fMRI item analysis in a theory of mind task.
Complex span tasks and hippocampal recruitment during working memory.
Network discovery with DCM.
Gray matter alterations in adults with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder identified by voxel based morphometry.
Time spent with friends in adolescence relates to less neural sensitivity to later peer rejection.
How does your own knowledge influence the perception of another person's action in the human brain?
Appetite at high altitude: an fMRI study on the impact of prolonged high-altitude residence on gustatory neural processing.
Patterns of cortical thickness and surface area in early Parkinson's disease
Smoking-Related Cue-Induced Brain Activation in Adolescent Light Smokers
Multichannel matching pursuit validation and clustering--a simulation and empirical study.
Different Temporal Structure for Form versus Surface Cortical Color Systems – Evidence from Chromatic Non-Linear VEP
Different gray matter patterns in chronic schizophrenia and chronic bipolar disorder patients identified using voxel-based morphometry.
MTHFR 677C>T effects on anterior cingulate structure and function during response monitoring in schizophrenia: a preliminary study.
Age-related effects on the neural correlates of autobiographical memory retrieval.
Optimized voxel brain morphometry: association between brain volumes and the response to atypical antipsychotics.
Changes of brain structure and function in ADHD children.
Atypical processing of auditory temporal complexity in autistics.
Grounding emotion in situated conceptualization.
The role of oscillatory brain activity in object processing and figure-ground segmentation in human vision.
Emotional modulation of the attentional blink: the neural structures involved in capturing and holding attention.
Working memory load modulates the auditory "What" and "Where" neural networks.
EEG oscillatory patterns are associated with error prediction during music performance and are altered in musician's dystonia.
fMRI investigation of unexpected somatosensory feedback perturbation during speech
Neural correlates of reality monitoring during adolescence.
Common and distinct neural networks for false-belief reasoning and inhibitory control.
Subchronic duloxetine administration alters the extended amygdala circuitry in healthy individuals.
Neuroanatomical spatial patterns in Turner syndrome.
Discrete neural substrates underlie complementary audiovisual speech integration processes.
An fMRI study of acupuncture-induced brain activation of aphasia stroke patients
Aberrant striatal functional connectivity in children with autism.
Neuronal Correlates of Cognitive Reappraisal in Borderline Patients with Affective Instability
Error-related medial frontal theta activity predicts cingulate-related structural connectivity
Treating pain with pain: supraspinal mechanisms of endogenous analgesia elicited by heterotopic noxious conditioning stimulation.
An fMRI investigation of detection of semantic incongruities in autistic spectrum conditions.
Effects of varenicline on smoking cue–triggered neural and craving responses.
Age and the neural network of personal familiarity.
Cerebellum Abnormalities in Idiopathic Generalized Epilepsy with Generalized Tonic-Clonic Seizures Revealed by Diffusion Tensor Imaging
Altered Resting State Cortico-Striatal Connectivity in Mild to Moderate Stage Parkinson's Disease
Individuating faces and common objects produces equal responses in putative face-processing areas in the ventral occipitotemporal cortex.
A cry in the dark: depressed mothers show reduced neural activation to their own infant’s cry
Neural correlates of long-term intense romantic love.
Brain bases for auditory stimulus-driven figure-ground segregation.
The brain reaction to viewing faces of opposite- and same-sex romantic partners.
Neural correlates of impulsivity factors in psychiatric patients and healthy volunteers: a voxel-based morphometry study.
Chronic stress is linked to 5-HT(1A) receptor changes and functional disintegration of the limbic networks.
Increased anterior cingulate and temporal lobe activity during visuospatial working memory in children and adolescents with schizophrenia.
Conditional Differences in Mean Reaction Time Explain Effects of Response Congruency, but not Accuracy, on Posterior Medial Frontal Cortex Activity.
Staying cool when things get hot: emotion regulation modulates neural mechanisms of memory encoding.
The CREB1-BDNF-NTRK2 pathway in depression: multiple gene-cognition-environment interactions.
Brain activations associated with sign production using word and picture inputs in deaf signers.
Neural correlates of altered general emotion processing in social anxiety disorder
Visual search patterns in semantic dementia show paradoxical facilitation of binding processes.
Left fusiform BOLD responses are inversely related to word-likeness in a one-back task.
Cortisol’s effects on hippocampal activation in depressed patients are related to alterations in memory formation
Dysregulation of limbic and auditory networks in tinnitus.
Seeing Chinese characters in action: an fMRI study of the perception of writing sequences.
Controlling instabilities in manipulation requires specific cortical-striatal-cerebellar networks.
Why is that Hammer in My Coffee? A Multimodal Imaging Investigation of Contextually Based Tool Understanding
Reward and motivation systems: a brain mapping study of early-stage intense romantic love in Chinese participants.
A functional dissociation of conflict processing within anterior cingulate cortex.
Differentiable cortical networks for inferences concerning people's intentions versus physical causality.
fMRI activation during response inhibition and error processing: the role of the DAT1 gene in typically developing adolescents and those diagnosed with ADHD.
State of expectancy modulates the neural response to visual food stimuli in humans
Are emotions associated with activity during rest or interoception? An exploratory fMRI study in healthy subjects.
Interpretation-mediated changes in neural activity during language comprehension.
Top-down modulation of ventral occipito-temporal responses during visual word recognition.
Spatiotemporal signatures of an abnormal auditory system in stuttering.
A conditional Granger causality model approach for group analysis in functional magnetic resonance imaging
A role for the right superior temporal sulcus in categorical perception of musical chords.
Voxel-based morphometric analysis on the volume of gray matter in bipolar I disorder.
A dynamic causal modeling analysis of the effective connectivities underlying top-down letter processing
Are all judgments created equal? An fMRI study of semantic and episodic metamemory predictions.
Neural correlates of the interactive relationship between memory deficits and depressive symptoms in nondemented elderly: resting fMRI study.
Neural correlates of language comprehension in autism spectrum disorders: when language conflicts with world knowledge.
Functional connectivity during top-down modulation of visual short-term memory representations.
Molecular imaging in neuroscience research with small-animal PET in rodents.
Focal And Global Brain Measurements in Siblings of Patients With Schizophrenia
Direction and magnitude of nicotine effects on the fMRI BOLD response are related to nicotine effects on behavioral performance.
Pseudocontinuous arterial spin labeling reveals dissociable effects of morphine and alcohol on regional cerebral blood flow
Cognitive appraisal and life stress moderate the effects of the 5-HTTLPR polymorphism on amygdala reactivity.
Distinct representations of subtraction and multiplication in the neural systems for numerosity and language.
The timing of associative memory formation: frontal lobe and anterior medial temporal lobe activity at associative binding predicts memory.
Spontaneous action representation in smokers when watching movie characters smoke.
Recruitment of both the mirror and the mentalizing networks when observing social interactions depicted by point-lights: a neuroimaging study.
Reduced Interhemispheric Resting State Functional Connectivity in Cocaine Addiction
Left anterior temporal cortex actively engages in speech perception: A direct cortical stimulation study
Modulatory effects of levodopa on cognitive control in young but not in older subjects: a pharmacological fMRI study.
Event-related repetitive TMS reveals distinct, critical roles for right OFA and bilateral posterior STS in judging the sex and trustworthiness of faces.
Second-language instinct and instruction effects: nature and nurture in second-language acquisition.
The influence of emotion regulation on decision-making under risk.
Neural correlates of encoding within- and across-domain inter-item associations.
Task-invariant brain responses to the social value of faces.
Frontoparietal activation distinguishes face and space from artifact concepts.
Functional MRI of sensory motor cortex: comparison between finger-to-thumb and hand squeeze tasks.
Dissociating hippocampal and basal ganglia contributions to category learning using stimulus novelty and subjective judgments.
Resting state fMRI reveals increased subthalamic nucleus-motor cortex connectivity in Parkinson's disease.
Associations between cortical thickness and verbal fluency in childhood, adolescence, and young adulthood.
Robustness of intrinsic connectivity networks in the human brain to the presence of acoustic scanner noise.
Brain activity associated with recognition of appropriate action selection based on allocentric perspectives.
Solving future problems: Default network and executive activity associated with goal-directed mental simulations
Influences of negative BOLD responses on positive BOLD responses.
Is the semantic category effect in the lateral temporal cortex due to motion property differences?
Neurobehavioral mechanisms of human fear generalization.
Conduction aphasia, sensory-motor integration, and phonological short-term memory - an aggregate analysis of lesion and fMRI data.
Increased amygdala response to positive social feedback in young people with major depressive disorder.
Word wins over face: emotional Stroop effect activates the frontal cortical network.
Altered default mode network connectivity in Alzheimer's disease--a resting functional MRI and Bayesian network study.
Genetic variation of the alpha2b-adrenoceptor affects neural correlates of successful emotional memory formation.
Altered motor network activation and functional connectivity in adult Tourette's syndrome.
Do we mind other minds when we mind other minds' actions? A functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
A neural region of abstract working memory.
The orbitofrontal cortex and its role in the assignment of behavioural significance.
Amygdala Activity at Encoding Corresponds with Memory Vividness and with Memory for Select Episodic Details
Brain structure correlates of individual differences in the acquisition and inhibition of conditioned fear.
Neural correlates of personality dimensions and affective measures during the anticipation of emotional stimuli.
Expectation and temperament moderate amygdala and dorsal anterior cingulate cortex responses to fear faces.
Cognitive and metacognitive activity in mathematical problem solving: prefrontal and parietal patterns.
Upregulation of emotion areas through neurofeedback with a focus on positive mood.
The neural correlates of object familiarity and domain specificity in the human visual cortex: an FMRI study.
Color, context, and cognitive style: variations in color knowledge retrieval as a function of task and subject variables.
Existential neuroscience: a functional magnetic resonance imaging investigation of neural responses to reminders of one's mortality.
Perceptual load-dependent neural correlates of distractor interference inhibition.
A functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging study of neurohemodynamic abnormalities during emotion processing in subjects at high risk for schizophrenia
Cardiorespiratory Fitness and Attentional Control in the Aging Brain
Aberrant Effective Connectivity in Schizophrenia Patients during Appetitive Conditioning
Holistic Face Categorization in Higher Order Visual Areas of the Normal and Prosopagnosic Brain: Toward a Non-Hierarchical View of Face Perception
Neural processing of what and who information in speech.
Cortical Brain Regions Associated with Color Processing: An FMRi Study
The effect of sleep deprivation on BOLD activity elicited by a divided attention task.
An expectation-based memory deficit in aging.
Fear and stop: a role for the amygdala in motor inhibition by emotional signals.
Dysfunctional reward circuitry in obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Fronto-limbic dysfunction in borderline personality disorder: A 18F-FDG positron emission tomography study
Changes in thalamus connectivity in mild cognitive impairment: Evidence from resting state fMRI
The effects of left or right hemispheric epilepsy on language networks investigated with semantic decision fMRI task and independent component analysis
Errors and conflict at the task level and the response level.
EEG-fMRI reveals activation of brainstem and thalamus in patients with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome.
Pattern of neural responses to verbal fluency shows diagnostic specificity for schizophrenia and bipolar disorder
fMRI correlates of working memory: specific posterior representation sites for motion and position information.
Reduced prefrontal functional connectivity in the default mode network is related to greater psychopathology in subjects with high genetic loading for schizophrenia.
Regional specificity of MRI contrast parameter changes in normal ageing revealed by voxel-based quantification (VBQ)
Functional neuroanatomy associated with the expression of distinct movement kinematics in motor sequence learning
Development of the action observation network during early adolescence: a longitudinal study.
Left inferior frontal cortex and syntax: function, structure and behaviour in patients with left hemisphere damage.
24-Month effect of smoking cessation on cognitive function and brain structure in later life
Human reversal learning under conditions of certain versus uncertain outcomes.
Evidence for conceptual combination in the left anterior temporal lobe.
The effects of age, memory performance, and callosal integrity on the neural correlates of successful associative encoding.
Association between Functional Connectivity Hubs and Brain Networks
Individualized and clinically derived stimuli activate limbic structures in depression: an fMRI study.
Executive functions and prefrontal cortex: a matter of persistence?
Dynamic changes in superior temporal sulcus connectivity during perception of noisy audiovisual speech.
Posterior medial frontal cortex activity predicts post-error adaptations in task-related visual and motor areas.
Brain imaging of mechanically induced muscle versus cutaneous pain.
Personality traits and the amplitude of spontaneous low-frequency oscillations during resting state.
The enhanced cortical activation induced by transcranial direct current stimulation during hand movements.
Effects of cue-exposure treatment on neural cue reactivity in alcohol dependence: a randomized trial.
Motor control of jaw movements: An fMRI study of parafunctional clench and grind behavior.
Neural processing of reward magnitude under varying attentional demands.
Mental number line training in children with developmental dyscalculia.
Specialization for written words over objects in the visual cortex.
Aging effects on the control of grip force magnitude: An fMRI study
Emotional and cognitive stimuli differentially engage the default network during inductive reasoning.
Aging Effects on Regional Brain Structural Changes in Schizophrenia
Abnormal brain default-mode network functional connectivity in drug addicts.
Reward processing in male adults with childhood ADHD--a comparison between drug-naive and methylphenidate-treated subjects.
The perception of harmonic triads: an fMRI study.
White matter alterations related to P300 abnormalities in individuals at high risk for psychosis: an MRI–EEG study
Alexithymia and regional gray matter alterations in schizophrenia.
Developmental effects of reward on sustained attention networks.
Neuroanatomical abnormalities in schizophrenia: A multimodal voxelwise meta-analysis and meta-regression analysis
Feature-based attention modulates direction-selective hemodynamic activity within human MT.
Cortical network differences in the sighted versus early blind for recognition of human-produced action sounds.
Minimizing Within-Experiment and Within-Group Effects in Activation Likelihood Estimation Meta-Analyses
Identification of Human Gustatory Cortex by Activation Likelihood Estimation
Inefficiently increased anterior cingulate modulation of cortical systems during working memory in young offspring of schizophrenia patients
Trigeminal nociceptive transmission in migraineurs predicts migraine attacks.
Altered prefrontal and insular cortical thickness in adolescent marijuana users.
Gray matter density increase in the primary sensorimotor cortex in long-term essential blepharospasm
Effects of the BDNF Val66Met polymorphism on neural responses to facial emotion.
Functional imaging of sleep vertex sharp transients.
Basic visual function and cortical thickness patterns in posterior cortical atrophy.
CAG Repeats Determine Brain Atrophy in Spinocerebellar Ataxia 17: A VBM Study
The neural correlates of visual working memory encoding: a time-resolved fMRI study.
Investigation of melodic contour processing in the brain using multivariate pattern-based fMRI.
Looking to the future: automatic regulation of attention between current performance and future plans.
The role of negative affectivity and social inhibition in perceiving social threat: an fMRI study.
A review of functional brain imaging correlates of successful cognitive aging.
Longitudinal changes in brain structure following the first episode of psychosis.
Amygdala hyperreactivity in restrictive anorexia nervosa
Haptic perception and body representation in lateral and medial occipito-temporal cortices.
How specific is specific phobia? Different neural response patterns in two subtypes of specific phobia.
Cortical and striatal contributions to automaticity in information-integration categorization.
Task relevance modulates successful retrieval effects during explicit and implicit memory tests
Structural brain changes in normal individuals with a maternal history of Alzheimer's.
The role of the occipital face area in the cortical face perception network.
Exploring the detection of associatively novel events using fMRI.
Altered functional connectivity in default mode network in absence epilepsy: a resting-state fMRI study.
Gender differences in the neural correlates of humor processing: implications for different processing modes.
Dual-task processing in younger and older adults: similarities and differences revealed by fMRI.
Neural correlates of instrumental contingency learning: differential effects of action-reward conjunction and disjunction.
Dissociating the effect of noise on sensory processing and overall decision difficulty.
Ventromedial Prefrontal Cortex Activation Is Associated with Memory Formation for Predictable Rewards
Latencies in BOLD response during visual attention processes.
A data-driven framework for neural field modeling.
The Relationship Between Physical Activity and Brain Responses to Pain in Fibromyalgia
Development of the brain's default mode network from wakefulness to slow wave sleep.
Nicotine effects on default mode network during resting state.
A follow-up fMRI study of a transferable placebo anxiolytic effect.
Modulation of resting brain cerebral blood flow by the GABA B agonist, baclofen: a longitudinal perfusion fMRI study.
Distinction between the literal and intended meanings of sentences: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study of metaphor and sarcasm.
Neural correlates of choice behavior related to impulsivity and venturesomeness.
Impact of Mindfulness-Based Stress Reduction training on intrinsic brain connectivity.
Atypical neural networks for social orienting in autism spectrum disorders.
The left fusiform gyrus hosts trisensory representations of manipulable objects.
Dissociable networks involved in spatial and temporal order source retrieval.
Glucose administration enhances fMRI brain activation and connectivity related to episodic memory encoding for neutral and emotional stimuli
Embodied representation of tool-use action verbs and hand action verbs: evidence from a tone judgment task.
Diffusion weighted imaging and neuropsychological correlates in adults with mild traumatic brain injury.
Disrupted regional homogeneity in treatment-resistant depression: A resting-state fMRI study
Reduced striatal volume in cocaine-dependent patients.
Meta-analyzing brain dysfunctions in dyslexic children and adults.
Endogenous testosterone modulates prefrontal-amygdala connectivity during social emotional behavior.
DTI studies in patients with Alzheimer's disease, mild cognitive impairment, or normal cognition with evaluation of the intrinsic background gradients
Taking Sides with Pain - Lateralization aspects Related to Cerebral Processing of Dental Pain.
Diffusion tensor imaging differences relate to memory deficits in diffuse traumatic brain injury
Effects of emotion regulation strategy on brain responses to the valence and social content of visual scenes.
The Neural Architecture of the Language Comprehension Network: Converging Evidence from Lesion and Connectivity Analyses
Neural correlates of ongoing conscious experience: both task-unrelatedness and stimulus-independence are related to default network activity.
Neural mechanisms of semantic interference and false recognition in short-term memory.
EEG-BOLD correlations during (post-)adolescent brain maturation.
Individual differences in neural activity during a facial expression vs. identity working memory task.
Brain plasticity in relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis: evidence from resting-state fMRI.
Sound to language: different cortical processing for first and second languages in elementary school children as revealed by a large-scale study using fNIRS.
Converging evidence for the advantage of dynamic facial expressions.
A gateway system in rostral PFC? Evidence from biasing attention to perceptual information and internal representations
Uncovering putative neural markers of risk avoidance.
Dissociations between behavioural and functional magnetic resonance imaging-based evaluations of cognitive function after brain injury.
A voxel-based morphometry study of grey matter loss in fragile X-associated tremor/ataxia syndrome
5-HTTLPR and COMTval158met genotype gate amygdala reactivity and habituation.
Neuroplasticity of semantic representations for musical instruments in professional musicians.
Reduced resting-state functional connectivity between amygdala and orbitofrontal cortex in social anxiety disorder.
Excitatory repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation induces improvements in chronic post-stroke aphasia
Differential modulation of emotion processing brain regions by noradrenergic and serotonergic antidepressants.
Neural generators underlying concurrent sound segregation
Body image distortions in bulimia nervosa: investigating body size overestimation and body size satisfaction by fMRI.
Neurobehavioral mechanisms of temporal processing deficits in Parkinson's disease.
Impaired resting-state functional integrations within default mode network of generalized tonic-clonic seizures epilepsy.
Mode of Effective Connectivity within a Putative Neural Network Differentiates Moral Cognitions Related to Care and Justice Ethics
Evidence for context sensitivity of grasp representations in human parietal and premotor cortices
Fractionating the default mode network: distinct contributions of the ventral and dorsal posterior cingulate cortex to cognitive control.
A regret-induced status quo bias.
Sensorimotor functional connectivity changes in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Disruption of functional connectivity of the default-mode network in alcoholism.
Reevaluating brain networks activated during mental imagery of finger movements using probabilistic Tensorial Independent Component Analysis (TICA).
The role of rostral prefrontal cortex in prospective memory: a voxel-based lesion study.
Reduced Metabolism in Brain “Control Networks” following Cocaine-Cues Exposure in Female Cocaine Abusers
Beyond patient reported pain: perfusion magnetic resonance imaging demonstrates reproducible cerebral representation of ongoing post-surgical pain.
Healthy brooders employ more attentional resources when disengaging from the negative: an event-related fMRI study.
Technology, expertise and social cognition in human evolution.
A multicentre study of motor functional connectivity changes in patients with multiple sclerosis.
Mental blocks: fMRI reveals top-down modulation of early visual cortex when obstacles interfere with grasp planning.
Brain-behavior correlates of optimizing learning through interleaved practice.
The effects of DISC1 risk variants on brain activation in controls, patients with bipolar disorder and patients with schizophrenia.
The interacting role of media violence exposure and aggressive-disruptive behavior in adolescent brain activation during an emotional Stroop task.
The Role of GABA in Human Motor Learning
Are the neural correlates of stopping and not going identical? Quantitative meta-analysis of two response inhibition tasks
Unconditioned responses and functional fear networks in human classical conditioning.
Affective brain regions are activated during the processing of pain-related words in migraine patients.
Neural correlates of evaluations of lying and truth-telling in different social contexts.
Rostral premotor cortex as a gateway between motor and cognitive networks
Stimulus-driven orienting of visuo-spatial attention in complex dynamic environments.
Entering adolescence: resistance to peer influence, risky behavior, and neural changes in emotion reactivity.
Neural representations of close others in collectivistic brains
Relationships between beta-amyloid and functional connectivity in different components of the default mode network in aging.
Methylphenidate does not improve interference control during a working memory task in young patients with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder.
The structural neuroanatomy of music emotion recognition: evidence from frontotemporal lobar degeneration.
The locative alternation: distinguishing linguistic processing cost from error signals in Broca's region.
Unawareness of deficits in Alzheimer's disease: role of the cingulate cortex.
Aversion-related circuitry in the cerebellum: responses to noxious heat and unpleasant images.
Distinct neural substrates of duration-based and beat-based auditory timing.
Functional Anatomy of Language and Music Perception: Temporal and Structural Factors Investigated Using fMRI
The cortical response to the oral perception of fat emulsions and the effect of taster status.
Applying the Risk of Bias Tool in a Systematic Review of Combination Long-Acting Beta-Agonists and Inhaled Corticosteroids for Persistent Asthma
Fronto-limbic dysfunction in mania pre-treatment and persistent amygdala over-activity post-treatment in pediatric bipolar disorder.
The differentiation of iconic and metaphoric gestures: common and unique integration processes.
Secondary sensory area SII is crucially involved in the preparation of familiar movements compared to movements never made before.
Disorder-specific dysfunctions in patients with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder compared to patients with obsessive-compulsive disorder during interference inhibition and attention allocation
Embodied visual perception of distorted finger postures.
Eye muscle proprioception is represented bilaterally in the sensorimotor cortex.
Cortical organization of environmental sounds by attribute.
Who was the agent? The neural correlates of reanalysis processes during sentence comprehension.
Domain General and Domain Preferential Brain Regions Associated with Different Types of Task Switching: A Meta-Analysis
Mapping reflexive shifts of attention in eye-centered and hand-centered coordinate systems.
Frontal parietal control network regulates the anti-correlated default and dorsal attention networks.
Experience induces functional reorganization in brain regions involved in odor imagery in perfumers.
Neural basis of single-word reading in Spanish-English bilinguals.
Acute alcohol intoxication impairs top-down regulation of Stroop incongruity as revealed by blood oxygen level-dependent functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Nonlinear estimation of neural processing time from BOLD signal with application to decision-making.
The role of planum temporale in processing accent variation in spoken language comprehension.
Challenging a decade of brain research on task switching: brain activation in the task-switching paradigm reflects adaptation rather than reconfiguration of task sets.
Dissociable neural imprints of perception and grammar in auditory functional imaging.
Altered motor network recruitment during finger tapping in boys with Tourette syndrome.
Effects of morphine and alcohol on functional brain connectivity during "resting state": a placebo-controlled crossover study in healthy young men.
The default network distinguishes construals of proximal versus distal events.
Trait anxiety modulates the neural efficiency of inhibitory control.
Differential contributions of bilateral ventral anterior temporal lobe and left anterior superior temporal gyrus to semantic processes.
Numeric aspects in pitch identification: an fMRI study
Imagery and retrieval of auditory and visual information: neural correlates of successful and unsuccessful performance.
Large-scale directional connections among multi resting-state neural networks in human brain: a functional MRI and Bayesian network modeling study.
Time course and spatial distribution of fMRI signal changes during single-pulse transcranial magnetic stimulation to the primary motor cortex
Neural hyperactivation in carriers of the Alzheimer's risk variant on the clusterin gene.
Shape from sound: evidence for a shape operator in the lateral occipital cortex.
Tapping polyrhythms in music activates language areas
Action expertise reduces brain activity for audiovisual matching actions: an fMRI study with expert drummers.
Probing the cortical network underlying the psychological refractory period: a combined EEG-fMRI study.
Attention and cognitive control networks assessed in a dichotic listening fMRI study.
Progressive and regressive developmental changes in neural substrates for face processing: Testing specific predictions of the Interactive Specialization account
As time goes by: hippocampal connectivity changes with remoteness of autobiographical memory retrieval.
Common and dissociable neural correlates associated with component processes of inductive reasoning.
Neural circuitry of emotional and cognitive conflict revealed through facial expressions.
The Neural Substrate and Functional Integration of Uncertainty in Decision Making: An Information Theory Approach
The influence of emotional distraction on verbal working memory: An fMRI investigation comparing individuals with schizophrenia and healthy adults
A three-year longitudinal functional magnetic resonance imaging study of performance monitoring and test-retest reliability from childhood to early adulthood.
Modulation of Auditory and Visual Processing by Delta-9-Tetrahydrocannabinol and Cannabidiol: an fMRI Study
Prefrontal Compensatory Engagement in TBI is due to Altered Functional Engagement Of Existing Networks and not Functional Reorganization.
Are risky choices actually guided by a compensatory process? New insights from FMRI.
Can Sophie's choice be adequately captured by cold computation of minimizing losses? An fMRI study of vital loss decisions.
How emotion leads to selective memory: Neuroimaging evidence
Sex Differences in the Neural Correlates of Autonomic Arousal: A Pilot PET Study
Regional brain atrophy in children with multiple sclerosis
Reprint of: fMRI studies of successful emotional memory encoding: a quantitative meta-analysis.
Decoding the content of delayed intentions.
Investigation of the neural control of cough and cough suppression in humans using functional brain imaging.
Functional rather than effector-specific organization of human posterior parietal cortex.
Emotion Effects on Attention, Amygdala Activation, and Functional Connectivity in Schizophrenia
The Temporal Evolution of Electromagnetic Markers Sensitive to the Capacity Limits of Visual Short-Term Memory
Fluid intelligence allows flexible recruitment of the parieto-frontal network in analogical reasoning.
Diffusion Tensor Imaging in Preclinical Huntington’s Disease
Creating probabilistic maps of the face network in the adolescent brain: a multicentre functional MRI study.
Brain mechanisms of perceiving tools and imagining tool use acts: a functional MRI study.
An fMRI investigation of the fronto-striatal learning system in women who exhibit eating disorder behaviors.
Ventral premotor cortex lesions disrupt learning of sequential grammatical structures.
Modulation of working-memory maintenance by directed attention.
Characterizing dynamic functional connectivity in the resting brain using variable parameter regression and Kalman filtering approaches.
Dynamic assignment of neural resources in auditory comprehension of complex sentences.
Multimodal imaging of functional networks and event-related potentials in performance monitoring.
Differential effects of DAAO on regional activation and functional connectivity in schizophrenia, bipolar disorder and controls
Functional MRI indicates consistent intra-digit topographic maps in the little but not the index finger within the human primary somatosensory cortex.
Effect of the observed pupil size on the amygdala of the beholders.
Inverse Effects of Oxytocin on Attributing Mental Activity to Others in Depressed and Healthy Subjects: A Double-Blind Placebo Controlled fMRI Study
Ranking Network of a Captive Rhesus Macaque Society: A Sophisticated Corporative Kingdom
Behavioral and Neural Correlates of Communication via Pointing
Common and distinct neural regions for the guidance of selection by visuoverbal information held in memory: converging evidence from fMRI and rTMS.
Tracking emotional valence: the role of the orbitofrontal cortex.
Gender Differences in Brain Functional Connectivity Density
Neural correlates of audio-visual object recognition: effects of implicit spatial congruency.
Hemispheric specialization during mental imagery of brisk walking.
Guilt-specific processing in the prefrontal cortex.
Social and monetary reward learning engage overlapping neural substrates.
Training-related brain plasticity in subjects at risk of developing Alzheimer's disease.
White matter integrity and lack of insight in schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorder.
Youth at risk for obesity show greater activation of striatal and somatosensory regions to food.
Sleep deprivation amplifies reactivity of brain reward networks, biasing the appraisal of positive emotional experiences.
Feature-specific attentional priority signals in human cortex.
Anterior hippocampus and goal-directed spatial decision making.
Incidental regulation of attraction: The neural basis of the derogation of attractive alternatives in romantic relationships
White matter maturation in visual and motor areas predicts the latency of visual activation in children.
Time-dependent corticosteroid modulation of prefrontal working memory processing.
Different nonlinear functions in hippocampus and perirhinal cortex relating functional MRI activity to memory strength.
Levodopa and the feedback process on set-shifting in Parkinson's disease.
Staying responsive to the world: modality-specific and -nonspecific contributions to speeded auditory, tactile, and visual stimulus detection.
Differences in cerebral response to esophageal acid stimuli and psychological anticipation in GERD subtypes - An fMRI study
Sex-dependent modulation of activity in the neural networks engaged during emotional speech comprehension.
Local and global inhibition in bilingual word production: fMRI evidence from Chinese-English bilinguals.
Amygdala activity correlates with attentional bias in PTSD.
Inhibit yourself and understand the other: neural basis of distinct processes underlying Theory of Mind.
Discriminant analysis of functional connectivity patterns on Grassmann manifold.
Effects of training strategies implemented in a complex videogame on functional connectivity of attentional networks.
Differences in "bottom-up" and "top-down" neural activity in current and former cigarette smokers: Evidence for neural substrates which may promote nicotine abstinence through increased cognitive cont
Neurodevelopmental disruption in early-onset temporal lobe epilepsy: Evidence from a voxel-based morphometry study
Longitudinal Changes of Resting-State Functional Connectivity during Motor Recovery after Stroke
Reduced functional connectivity during working memory in Turner syndrome.
Error-related functional connectivity of the habenula in humans.
Age differences in FMRI adaptation for sound identity and location.
Cardiovascular and Coordination Training Differentially Improve Cognitive Performance and Neural Processing in Older Adults
A baseline for the multivariate comparison of resting-state networks.
Social rejection shares somatosensory representations with physical pain.
Mapping feature-sensitivity and attentional modulation in human auditory cortex with functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Neural correlates of rhyming vs. lexical and semantic fluency.
Language lateralization in individuals with callosal agenesis: an fMRI study.
Extensive cochleotopic mapping of human auditory cortical fields obtained with phase-encoding FMRI.
Combined Evaluation of FDG-PET and MRI Improves Detection and Differentiation of Dementia
The known unknowns: neural representation of second-order uncertainty, and ambiguity.
Task-load-dependent activation of dopaminergic midbrain areas in the absence of reward.
A parallel functional topography between medial and lateral prefrontal cortex: evidence and implications for cognitive control.
Methylphenidate Normalizes Fronto-Striatal Underactivation During Interference Inhibition in Medication-Naïve Boys with Attention-Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder
The neural sociometer: brain mechanisms underlying state self-esteem.
Transient perceptual neglect: visual working memory load affects conscious object processing.
The neural correlates of inhibiting pursuit to smoothly moving targets.
Face processing changes in normal aging revealed by fMRI adaptation.
Reward reduces conflict by enhancing attentional control and biasing visual cortical processing.
Choosing our words: retrieval and selection processes recruit shared neural substrates in left ventrolateral prefrontal cortex.
Orienting attention in time activates left intraparietal sulcus for both perceptual and motor task goals.
Inhibition-related activation in the right inferior frontal gyrus in the absence of inhibitory cues.
Is morality unified? Evidence that distinct neural systems underlie moral judgments of harm, dishonesty, and disgust.
Comparison of the neural correlates of retrieval success in tests of cued recall and recognition memory.
Are there progressive brain changes in schizophrenia? A meta-analysis of structural magnetic resonance imaging studies.
Functional resting-state networks are differentially affected in schizophrenia.
Neural correlates of olfactory processing in congenital blindness.
Behavioural and neural effects of diazepam on a rule-guided response selection task.
Neural correlates of phonological processing in speech sound disorder: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Abnormal amygdala connectivity in patients with primary insomnia: Evidence from resting state fMRI
Regional changes in type 1 cannabinoid receptor availability in Parkinson's disease in vivo.
Dorsolateral prefrontal cortex modulates striatal reward encoding during reappraisal of reward anticipation.
Linking coordinative and executive dysfunctions to atrophy in spinocerebellar ataxia 2 patients.
Mathematically gifted adolescents use more extensive and more bilateral areas of the fronto-parietal network than controls during executive functioning and fluid reasoning tasks.
Enhanced cue reactivity and fronto-striatal functional connectivity in cocaine use disorders.
Neural processing associated with cognitive and affective Theory of Mind in adolescents and adults.
Do neural responses to rejection depend on attachment style? An fMRI study.
Sex dimorphism of the brain in male-to-female transsexuals.
Oxytocin modulates amygdala, insula, and inferior frontal gyrus responses to infant crying: a randomized controlled trial.
Neuroimaging-based markers of bipolar disorder: evidence from two meta-analyses.
Neural segregation of objective and contextual aspects of fairness.
Double dissociation between hippocampal and parahippocampal responses to object-background context and scene novelty.
Neural correlates of forward planning in a spatial decision task in humans.
Integration of sensory and motor representations of single fingers in the human cerebellum.
Separating intra-modal and across-modal training effects in visual working memory: an fMRI investigation.
Changes in resting connectivity during recovery from severe traumatic brain injury.
Brain activation predicts treatment improvement in patients with major depressive disorder
Impaired hierarchical control within the lateral prefrontal cortex in schizophrenia.
The neural substrates associated with inattentional blindness
An fMRI study of whispering: The role of human evolution in psychological dysphonia
Hyperintensities on T2-weighted images in the basal ganglia of patients with major depression: cerebral perfusion and clinical implications.
Late life cognitive control deficits are accentuated by white matter disease burden.
Expected value and prediction error abnormalities in depression and schizophrenia.
The Measurement of Language Lateralization with Functional Transcranial Doppler and Functional MRI: A Critical Evaluation.
Brain mechanisms for processing direct and averted gaze in individuals with autism.
Cortical representation of tympanic membrane movements due to pressure variation: an fMRI study.
Sub-patterns of language network reorganization in pediatric localization related epilepsy: a multisite study.
Thalamic-insular dysconnectivity in schizophrenia: evidence from structural equation modeling.
Communication with emblematic gestures: shared and distinct neural correlates of expression and reception.
Relief as a reward: hedonic and neural responses to safety from pain.
Neural enhancement and attenuation induced by repetitive recall
Sensorimotor network in cervical dystonia and the effect of botulinum toxin treatment: a functional MRI study.
Perception of suffering and compassion experience: brain gender disparities.
Impairments in "top-down" processing in bipolar disorder: a simultaneous fMRI-GSR study.
Current Serum Lipoprotein Levels and fMRI Response to Working Memory in Midlife
The hippocampus is coupled with the default network during memory retrieval but not during memory encoding.
The D2 antagonist sulpiride modulates the neural processing of both rewarding and aversive stimuli in healthy volunteers.
High-resolution fMRI detects neuromodulation of individual brainstem nuclei by electrical tongue stimulation in balance-impaired individuals.
Variable global dysconnectivity and individual differences in schizophrenia.
Different white matter abnormalities between the first-episode, treatment-naive patients with posttraumatic stress disorder and generalized anxiety disorder without comorbid conditions.
Prefrontal lobe dysfunction predicts treatment response in medication-naive first-episode schizophrenia.
Regional contraction of brain surface area involves three large-scale networks in schizophrenia.
An fMRI study of obesity, food reward, and perceived caloric density. Does a low-fat label make food less appealing?
Brain correlates of hypnotic paralysis—a resting-state fMRI study
Bidirectional communication between amygdala and fusiform gyrus during facial recognition.
Decreased gray matter volume in the left hippocampus and bilateral calcarine cortex in coal mine flood disaster survivors with recent onset PTSD.
Altered fimbria-fornix white matter integrity in anorexia nervosa predicts harm avoidance.
Neurological signs and morphological cerebral changes in schizophrenia: An analysis of NSS subscales in patients with first episode psychosis.
The neural basis of event-time introspection
Stress shifts brain activation towards ventral 'affective' areas during emotional distraction.
High quality but limited quantity perceptual evidence produces neural accumulation in frontal and parietal cortex.
Abnormal activation of the motor cortical network in idiopathic scoliosis demonstrated by functional MRI
Mistakes that affect others: an fMRI study on processing of own errors in a social context.
Cerebral lateralization of praxis in right- and left-handedness: same pattern, different strength.
Spatiotemporal brain mapping of spatial attention effects on pattern-reversal ERPs.
Breastfeeding, brain activation to own infant cry, and maternal sensitivity.
A test of the role of two prefrontal/ subcortical networks in the "sequencing" of non-motor, visuo-spatial information.
Neural substrates of interpreting actions and emotions from body postures.
Cognitive control of a simple mental image in patients with obsessive--compulsive disorder.
Genetic influences of cortical gray matter in language-related regions in healthy controls and schizophrenia.
Different pain, different brain: thalamic anatomy in neuropathic and non-neuropathic chronic pain syndromes.
Understanding interpersonal action coordination: an fMRI study.
DRD2/ANKK1 TaqI A polymorphism affects corticostriatal activity in response to negative affective facial stimuli.
The past tense debate: is phonological complexity the key to the puzzle?
Gray matter abnormalities in Major Depressive Disorder: a meta-analysis of voxel based morphometry studies.
Resting state cerebral blood flow and objective motor activity reveal basal ganglia dysfunction in schizophrenia.
Neural substrates underlying intentional empathy.
The effect of musical experience on hemispheric lateralization in musical feature processing
The anterior cingulate cortex responds differently to the validity and valence of feedback in a time-estimation task.
Functional bold MRI: advantages of the 3 T vs. the 1.5 T
The functional correlates of face perception and recognition of emotional facial expressions as evidenced by fMRI.
Associations of sex steroid hormones with cerebral activations during mental rotation in men and women with schizophrenia
Painful muscle stimulation preferentially activates emotion-related brain regions compared to painful skin stimulation.
Maternal age affects brain metabolism in adult children of mothers affected by Alzheimer’s disease
Influence of the COMT genotype on working memory and brain activity changes during development.
Amplitude low-frequency oscillation abnormalities in the heroin users: a resting state fMRI study.
Language-invariant verb processing regions in Spanish-English bilinguals.
Preparatory activity and connectivity in dorsal anterior cingulate cortex for cognitive control.
The thing that should not be: predictive coding and the uncanny valley in perceiving human and humanoid robot actions.
Impaired sequence learning in dystonia mutation carriers: a genotypic effect.
Neural indices of improved attentional modulation over middle childhood.
Caudate nucleus signals for breaches of expectation in a movement observation paradigm.
The influence of emotional associations on the neural correlates of semantic priming.
Convergence of human brain mapping tools: neuronavigated TMS parameters and fMRI activity in the hand motor area.
Resting state basal ganglia network in idiopathic generalized epilepsy.
Local brain atrophy accounts for functional activity differences in normal aging
Dysmenorrhoea is associated with central changes in otherwise healthy women.
Neuropeptide-S (NPS) Receptor Genotype Modulates Basolateral Amygdala Responsiveness to Aversive Stimuli
A comparison of brain and behavioral effects of varenicline and nicotine in rats.
Modality-specific perceptual expectations selectively modulate baseline activity in auditory, somatosensory, and visual cortices.
Individual differences in the spontaneous recruitment of brain regions supporting mental state understanding when viewing natural social scenes.
Functional and dysfunctional brain circuits underlying emotional processing of music in autism spectrum disorders.
Alzheimer’s disease markers, hypertension and gray matter damage in normal elderly
Where did I put that? Patients with amnestic mild cognitive impairment demonstrate widespread reductions in activity during the encoding of ecologically relevant object-location associations.
Acute effects of nicotine administration during prospective memory, an event related fMRI study.
The insular cortex and the neuroanatomy of major depression.
Prescription opioid analgesics rapidly change the human brain.
Neural specificity of acupuncture stimulation from support vector machine classification analysis
Exaggerated brain activation during emotion processing in unaffected siblings of patients with schizophrenia.
Cardiorespiratory fitness is associated with atrophy in Alzheimer's and aging over 2 years.
Learning-induced changes in the cerebral processing of voice identity.
Your flaws are my pain: linking empathy to vicarious embarrassment.
Hearing others' pain: neural activity related to empathy.
Psychometrically matched tasks evaluating differential fMRI activation during form and motion processing
Age-related changes in brain activation underlying single- and dual-task performance: visuomanual drawing and mental arithmetic.
Personality influences the neural responses to viewing facial expressions of emotion
Abnormal Relationship Between Medial Temporal Lobe and Subcortical Dopamine Function in People With an Ultra High Risk for Psychosis
Attention-related networks in Alzheimer’s disease: A resting functional MRI study
Programs for action in superior parietal cortex: A triple-pulse TMS investigation
Neural correlates of binding features within- or cross-dimensions in visual conjunction search: an fMRI study.
ANS: Aberrant Neurodevelopment of the Social Cognition Network in Adolescents with Autism Spectrum Disorders
How can cognitive remediation therapy modulate brain activations in schizophrenia? An fMRI study.
A neural mechanism mediating the impact of episodic prospection on farsighted decisions.
Effective connectivity reveals important roles for both the hyperdirect (fronto-subthalamic) and the indirect (fronto-striatal-pallidal) fronto-basal ganglia pathways during response inhibition.
The effects of nicotine replacement on cognitive brain activity during smoking withdrawal studied with simultaneous fMRI/EEG.
Functional MRI approach to developmental methylmercury and polychlorinated biphenyl neurotoxicity
Dysexecutive behaviour following deep brain lesions--a different type of disconnection syndrome?
The role of the ventral and dorsal pathways in reading Chinese characters and English words.
Demonstration of decreased gray matter concentration in the midbrain encompassing the dorsal raphe nucleus and the limbic subcortical regions in major depressive disorder: an optimized voxel-based mor
Regional differences in brain volume predict the acquisition of skill in a complex real-time strategy videogame.
Mapping the brain in type II diabetes: Voxel-based morphometry using DARTEL
In vivo evidence of global and focal brain alterations in anorexia nervosa.
Association between cerebrospinal fluid tau and brain atrophy is not related to clinical severity in the Alzheimer's disease continuum.
fMRI brain activation during a delay discounting task in HIV-positive adults with and without cocaine dependence.
Visuospatial working memory in children and adolescents with 22q11.2 deletion syndrome; an fMRI study
Cultural influences on neural basis of intergroup empathy.
White matter differences in monozygotic twins discordant or concordant for obsessive-compulsive symptoms: a combined diffusion tensor imaging/voxel-based morphometry study.
The effect of one left-sided dorsolateral prefrontal sham-controlled HF-rTMS session on approach and withdrawal related emotional neuronal processes.
The neural correlates of competition during memory retrieval are modulated by attention to the cues.
Secure attachment partners attenuate neural responses to social exclusion: an fMRI investigation.
Dynamic neural networks supporting memory retrieval.
Neural bases of language switching in high and early proficient bilinguals.
Cortical thickness and VBM-DARTEL in late-life depression.
Dissociable brain networks involved in development of fairness considerations: understanding intentionality behind unfairness.
Syntactic and auditory spatial processing in the human temporal cortex: an MEG study.
Strategy-effects in prefrontal cortex during learning of higher-order S-R rules.
Continuous theta-burst stimulation (cTBS) over the lateral prefrontal cortex alters reinforcement learning bias.
Object representations in ventral and dorsal visual streams: fMRI repetition effects depend on attention and part-whole configuration.
Handedness-dependent and -independent cerebral asymmetries in the anterior intraparietal sulcus and ventral premotor cortex during grasp planning.
Test-Retest Reliability of Memory Task fMRI in Alzheimer’s Disease Clinical Trials
Altered patterns of cortical activation in ALS patients during attention and cognitive response inhibition tasks
Brain Regions Engaged by Part- and Whole-task Performance in a Video Game: A Model-based Test of the Decomposition Hypothesis
Mine and me: exploring the neural basis of object ownership.
Abnormalities of Object Visual Processing in Body Dysmorphic Disorder
Evolution of non-speech sound memory in postlingual deafness: implications for cochlear implant rehabilitation.
Interoception drives increased rational decision-making in meditators playing the ultimatum game.
Psychological and neural mechanisms of subjective time dilation.
Improving the Characterization of Radiologically Isolated Syndrome Suggestive of Multiple Sclerosis
First-person perspective effects on theory of mind without self-reference.
The music of your emotions: neural substrates involved in detection of emotional correspondence between auditory and visual music actions.
A brain MRI study of chronic fatigue syndrome: evidence of brainstem dysfunction and altered homeostasis
The neural correlates of everyday recognition memory.
Preliminary evidence of within-subject changes in gray matter density associated with remission of bipolar depression.
The neural basis of parallel saccade programming: an fMRI study.
The interaction of lexical semantics and cohort competition in spoken word recognition: an fMRI study.
Dissociating neural correlates of action monitoring and metacognition of agency.
Detecting overlapped functional clusters in resting state fMRI with Connected Iterative Scan: a graph theory based clustering algorithm.
Self-face recognition in social context.
Brain default-mode network abnormalities in hepatic encephalopathy: a resting-state functional MRI study.
Right ventrolateral prefrontal cortex mediates individual differences in conflict-driven cognitive control.
The Brain Network for Deductive Reasoning: A Quantitative Meta-analysis of 28 Neuroimaging Studies
Overlapping parietal activity in memory and perception: evidence for the attention to memory model.
Functional connectivity separates switching operations in the posterior lateral frontal cortex.
Updating existing emotional memories involves the frontopolar/orbitofrontal cortex in ways that acquiring new emotional memories does not
The effects of attention on age-related relational memory deficits: fMRI evidence from a novel attentional manipulation.
Memory-based decision-making with heuristics: evidence for a controlled activation of memory representations.
The influence of context on hemispheric recruitment during metaphor processing.
Functional imaging reveals working memory and attention interact to produce the attentional blink.
Serotonin transporter genotype modulates subgenual response to fearful faces using an incidental task.
Non-effective increase of fMRI-activation for motor performance in elder individuals.
An fMRI study of violations of social expectations: when people are not who we expect them to be.
Voxel-based morphometric study of brain volume changes in patients with Alzheimer’s disease assessed according to the Clinical Dementia Rating score
Postmortem and imaging based analyses reveal CNS decreased myelination in restless legs syndrome
Dissociable functional connectivity changes during the Stroop task relating to risk, resilience and disease expression in bipolar disorder.
Enhanced cortical effects of auditory stimulation and auditory attention in healthy individuals prone to auditory hallucinations during partial wakefulness.
Right fronto-parietal involvement in monitoring spatial trajectories.
Reduced movement-related beta desynchronisation in juvenile myoclonic epilepsy: A MEG study of task specific cortical modulation
Resting-state functional connectivity of the medial superior frontal cortex.
Neuro-cognitive foundations of word stress processing - evidence from fMRI
Neural correlates related to action observation in expert archers.
Dual pathways for haptic and visual perception of spatial and texture information.
A review of fronto-striatal and fronto-cortical brain abnormalities in children and adults with Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) and new evidence for dysfunction in adults with ADHD du
Lesion evidence for the critical role of the intraparietal sulcus in spatial attention.
The hippocampus is involved in mental navigation for a recently learned, but not a highly familiar environment: a longitudinal fMRI study.
Distinct anatomy for visual search and bisection: a neuroimaging study.
Neuronal correlates of altered empathy and social cognition in borderline personality disorder.
Stereotype-based modulation of person perception.
Disability, atrophy and cortical reorganization following spinal cord injury.
Increased resting-state perfusion after repeated encoding is related to later retrieval of declarative associative memories.
Corticomotor plasticity induced by tongue-task training in humans: a longitudinal fMRI study.
Feeling bad about screwing up: emotion regulation and action monitoring in the anterior cingulate cortex.
Neural activity, neural connectivity, and the processing of emotionally valenced information in older adults: links with life satisfaction.
Interaction of electrical stimulation and voluntary hand movement in SII and the cerebellum during simulated therapeutic functional electrical stimulation in healthy adults.
The less BOLD, the wiser: support for the latent resource hypothesis after traumatic brain injury.
Reduced cortical gray matter volume in male adolescents with substance and conduct problems.
Hippocampal activation correlates with visual confrontation naming: fMRI findings in controls and patients with temporal lobe epilepsy
Association between flashbacks and structural brain abnormalities in posttraumatic stress disorder
Double-blind randomized trial of risperidone versus divalproex in pediatric bipolar disorder: fMRI outcomes.
A new role for the parahippocampal cortex in representing space.
Effective treatment of chronic low back pain in humans reverses abnormal brain anatomy and function.
Selective updating of working memory content modulates meso-cortico-striatal activity.
Relationship of DAT1 and adult ADHD to task-positive and task-negative working memory networks.
Neural contributions to flow experience during video game playing.
Dopamine agonists and risk: impulse control disorders in Parkinson's disease.
The effect of dopamine therapy on ventral and dorsal striatum-mediated cognition in Parkinson's disease: support from functional MRI.
Differential Neural Activity during Search of Specific and General Autobiographical Memories elicited by Musical Cues
Feature selection and classification of imbalanced datasets: application to PET images of children with autistic spectrum disorders.
A neural mass model of interconnected regions simulates rhythm propagation observed via TMS-EEG.
Improving the reliability of functional localizers.
Source localization of late electrocortical positivity during symptom provocation in spider phobia: an sLORETA study.
Brain networks associated with sublexical properties of Chinese characters.
Opposing amygdala and ventral striatum connectivity during emotion identification.
Gray matter volume deficits in spinocerebellar ataxia: An optimized voxel based morphometric study
The representation of social interaction in episodic memory: a functional MRI study.
Physiological correlates of subjective time: Evidence for the temporal accumulator hypothesis
Atypical modulation of medial prefrontal cortex to self-referential comments in generalized social phobia.
Fronto-striatal underactivation during interference inhibition and attention allocation in grown up children with attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder and persistent symptoms.
Functional differentiation of posterior superior temporal sulcus in autism: a functional connectivity magnetic resonance imaging study.
Two-week administration of the combined serotonin-noradrenaline reuptake inhibitor duloxetine augments functioning of mesolimbic incentive processing circuits.
The neural basis of familial risk and temperamental variation in individuals at high risk of bipolar disorder.
Abnormal functional connectivity in patients with vascular cognitive impairment, no dementia: a resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
The role of the right hemisphere for processing of social interactions in normal adults using functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Word frequency effects in the left IFG in dyslexic and normally reading children during picture naming and reading.
Functional connectivity hubs in the human brain
Gender differences in reward-related decision processing under stress.
Individual differences in neural responses to social rejection: the joint effect of self-esteem and attentional control.
Functional alterations of large-scale brain networks related to cognitive control in obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Distinct patterns of functional and effective connectivity between perirhinal cortex and other cortical regions in recognition memory and perceptual discrimination.
Motor planning is facilitated by adopting an action's goal posture: an fMRI study.
Mechanisms of rule acquisition and rule following in inductive reasoning.
Increased hippocampal default mode synchronization during rest in middle-aged and elderly APOE epsilon4 carriers: relationships with memory performance.
Functional dissociations between four basic arithmetic operations in the human posterior parietal cortex: a cytoarchitectonic mapping study.
Ventromedial prefrontal volume predicts understanding of others and social network size.
MDMA intoxication and verbal memory performance: a placebo-controlled pharmaco-MRI study.
The effects of aging on material-independent and material-dependent neural correlates of source memory retrieval.
White Matter Integrity and Behavioral Activation in Healthy Subjects
Neural basis of the association between depressive symptoms and memory deficits in nondemented subjects: resting-state fMRI study.
Coupling electrophysiological and hemodynamic responses to errors.
fMRI investigation of speed-accuracy strategy switching.
Brain Activation for Language Dual-Tasking: Listening to Two People Speak at the Same Time and a Change in Network Timing
Racial identification modulates default network activity for same and other races.
How negative affect influences neural control processes underlying the resolution of cognitive interference: an event-related fMRI study.
Time course of odorant- and trigeminal-induced activation in the human brain: an event-related functional magnetic resonance imaging study
The effects of aging on material-independent and material-dependent neural correlates of contextual binding.
What difference does a year of schooling make? Maturation of brain response and connectivity between 2nd and 3rd grades during arithmetic problem solving.
Striatal and cortical midline activation and connectivity associated with suicidal ideation and depression in bipolar II disorder.
A meta-analysis of diffusion tensor imaging studies in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
The impact of overnight consolidation upon memory for emotional and neutral encoding contexts.
Novel claustrum activation observed during a visuomotor adaptation task using a viewing window paradigm.
Effect of external auditory pacing on the neural activity of stuttering speakers
Ventral striatal and medial prefrontal BOLD activation is correlated with reward-related electrocortical activity: a combined ERP and fMRI study.
Cortical Processing of Swallowing in ALS Patients with Progressive Dysphagia – A Magnetoencephalographic Study
Visual personal familiarity in amnestic mild cognitive impairment.
Unraveling the distributed neural code of facial identity through spatiotemporal pattern analysis.
Increased Regional Fractional Anisotropy in Highly Screened Attention-Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD)
The Pathology of Social Phobia is Independent of Developmental Changes in Face Processing
Multiple routes from occipital to temporal cortices during reading.
Scratching beneath the surface: new insights into the functional properties of the lateral occipital area and parahippocampal place area.
Human brain activity associated with painful mechanical stimulation to muscle and bone
Functional magnetic resonance imaging study of Piaget’s conservation-of-number task in preschool and school-age children: A neo-Piagetian approach
Neural systems underlying aversive conditioning in humans with primary and secondary reinforcers.
Altered Cerebellar-Cerebral Functional Connectivity in Geriatric Depression
A low cost fMRI-compatible tracking system using the Nintendo Wii remote.
Activation of the dentate nucleus in a verb generation task: A 7T MRI study.
Functional neuroimaging of the oculomotor brainstem network in humans.
Neuromagnetic representation of musical register information in human auditory cortex.
Antidepressant medications reduce subcortical-cortical resting-state functional connectivity in healthy volunteers.
Associative memory deficits in mild cognitive impairment: the role of hippocampal formation.
Prefrontal cortex recruitment during naturalistic remote memory: a factorial block-event fMRI study.
Behavioral changes in early ALS correlate with voxel-based morphometry and diffusion tensor imaging.
Multi- and unisensory decoding of words and nonwords result in differential brain responses in dyslexic and nondyslexic adults.
The importance of actions and the worth of an object: dissociable neural systems representing core value and economic value.
Response inhibition results in the emotional devaluation of faces: neural correlates as revealed by fMRI.
Caudate Nucleus and Insular Activation During a Pain Suppression Paradigm Comparing Thermal and Electrical Stimulation
Brain Activation During Autobiographical Memory Retrieval with Special Reference to Default Mode Network
Stress-induced activation of the HPA axis predicts connectivity between subgenual cingulate and salience network during rest in adolescents
The analgesic effect of electroacupuncture on acute thermal pain perception-a central neural correlate study with fMRI
Dissociable systems of working memory for rhythm and melody.
Neural correlates of evaluating hazards of high risk
Motor practice promotes increased activity in brain regions structurally disconnected after subcortical stroke
Persistency of priors-induced bias in decision behavior and the FMRI signal.
Intensive language training and attention modulate the involvement of fronto-parietal regions during a non-verbal auditory discrimination task.
The neural substrates of script knowledge deficits as revealed by a PET study in Huntington's disease
The architecture of cross-hemispheric communication in the aging brain: linking behavior to functional and structural connectivity.
Sensitivity of human visual cortical area V6 to stereoscopic depth gradients associated with self-motion
The organization of the human cerebral cortex estimated by intrinsic functional connectivity.
Resting-state functional connectivity indexes reading competence in children and adults.
Swallowing intentional off-state in aging and Alzheimer’s disease: preliminary study
Neurohemodynamic correlates of ‘OM’ chanting: A pilot functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Activation of the parieto-premotor network is associated with vivid motor imagery--a parametric FMRI study.
Cognitively preserved MS patients demonstrate functional differences in processing neutral and emotional faces.
The interplay of cue modality and response latency in brain areas supporting crossmodal motor preparation: an event-related fMRI study.
Evidence for a virtual human analog of a rodent relational memory task: a study of aging and fMRI in young adults.
Aberrant emotional processing in posterior cortical midline structures in bipolar II depression
On the context-dependent nature of the contribution of the ventral premotor cortex to speech perception.
Higher or lower? The functional anatomy of perceived allocentric social hierarchies.
Differential roles of caudate nucleus and putamen during instrumental learning.
Brain activation during audiovisual exposure anticipates future perception of ambiguous speech.
Beyond acute social stress: increased functional connectivity between amygdala and cortical midline structures.
Methylphenidate normalizes frontocingulate underactivation during error processing in attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.
Threat prompts defensive brain responses independently of attentional control.
Bidirectional information flow in frontoamygdalar circuits in humans: a dynamic causal modeling study of emotional associative learning.
Abnormal structure-function relationship in spasmodic dysphonia.
Amygdala responses to averted vs direct gaze fear vary as a function of presentation speed.
Olfactocentric paralimbic cortex morphology in adolescents with bipolar disorder.
Fear is only as deep as the mind allows
Distinct resting-state brain activities in heroin-dependent individuals.
Variables influencing the neural correlates of perceived risk of physical harm.
Neural encoding of objects relevant for navigation and resting state correlations with navigational ability.
Eye can see what you want: posterior intraparietal sulcus encodes the object of an actor's gaze.
Influence of aging on the neural correlates of autobiographical, episodic, and semantic memory retrieval.
Bounded empathy: neural responses to outgroup targets' (mis)fortunes.
Engagement of amygdala in third-person view of face-to-face interaction.
Neurodegeneration in friedreich's ataxia is associated with a mixed activation pattern of the brain. A fMRI study.
Temporally remote destabilization of prediction after rare breaches of expectancy.
Can you hear a difference? Neuronal correlates of melodic deviance processing in children.
Females and males are highly similar in language performance and cortical activation patterns during verb generation.
Cortex and amygdala morphology in psychopathy.
Maintaining Force Control Despite Changes in Emotional Context Engages Dorsomedial Prefrontal and Premotor Cortex
Cerebral regulation of facial expressions of pain.
Subjective sense of memory strength and the objective amount of information accurately remembered are related to distinct neural correlates at encoding.
Asymmetry of parietal interhemispheric connections in humans.
Parallel processing of nociceptive and non-nociceptive somatosensory information in the human primary and secondary somatosensory cortices: evidence from dynamic causal modeling of functional magnet
FMRI adaptation reveals a cortical mechanism for the coding of space near the hand.
Constructing realistic engrams: poststimulus activity of hippocampus and dorsal striatum predicts subsequent episodic memory.
Under pressure: response urgency modulates striatal and insula activity during decision-making under risk.
Microstructure Abnormalities in Adolescents with Internet Addiction Disorder
Impact of mindfulness on the neural responses to emotional pictures in experienced and beginner meditators.
Valuing one's self: medial prefrontal involvement in epistemic and emotive investments in self-views.
The involvement of the dopaminergic midbrain and cortico-striatal-thalamic circuits in the integration of reward prospect and attentional task demands.
Attentional Bias to Food Images Associated With Elevated Weight and Future Weight Gain: An fMRI Study
Separating brain processing of pain from that of stimulus intensity.
Differentially tuned responses to restricted versus prolonged awareness of threat: a preliminary fMRI investigation.
Functional specialisation in the hippocampus and perirhinal cortex during the encoding of verbal associations.
The correlation between white-matter microstructure and the complexity of spontaneous brain activity: A difussion tensor imaging-MEG study
Neural basis of semantic priming in schizophrenia during a lexical decision task: A magneto-encephalography study
Levels of conflict in reasoning modulate right lateral prefrontal cortex.
Reduced activation of superior temporal gyrus during auditory comprehension in young offspring of patients with schizophrenia.
How grossed out are you? The neural bases of emotion regulation from childhood to adolescence.
Simultaneous TMS-fMRI of the Visual Cortex Reveals Functional Network, Even in Absence of Phosphene Sensation
Perisylvian Functional Connectivity during Processing of Sentential Negation
The shift from local to global visual processing in 6-year-old children is associated with grey matter loss.
MRI Study of Minor Physical Anomaly in Childhood Autism Implicates Aberrant Neurodevelopment in Infancy
Group-ICA Model Order Highlights Patterns of Functional Brain Connectivity
Changes occur in resting state network of motor system during 4 weeks of motor skill learning.
Impact of personality on the cerebral processing of emotional prosody.
The organization of narrative discourse in Lewy body spectrum disorder.
Unconscious priming instructions modulate activity in default and executive networks of the human brain.
The putative visual word form area is functionally connected to the dorsal attention network.
Auditory motion direction encoding in auditory cortex and high-level visual cortex.
Brain Structure Anomalies in Autism Spectrum Disorder—A Meta-Analysis of VBM Studies Using Anatomic Likelihood Estimation
A common right fronto-parietal network for numerosity and duration processing: an fMRI study.
Working memory load modulation of parieto-frontal connections: evidence from dynamic causal modeling.
Structure and function of medial temporal and posteromedial cortices in early Alzheimer's disease.
Brain basis of phonological awareness for spoken language in children and its disruption in dyslexia.
Cortical dynamics of acoustic and phonological processing in speech perception.
Maturation of the Language Network: From Inter- to Intrahemispheric Connectivities
Inter-individual discount factor differences in reward prediction are topographically associated with caudate activation.
Neurobiology of value integration: when value impacts valuation.
Functional Correlates of the Antero-Lateral Processing Hierarchy in Human Auditory Cortex
A stable sparse fear memory trace in human amygdala.
The human prefrontal cortex mediates integration of potential causes behind observed outcomes
Neocortical atrophy in Machado-Joseph disease: a longitudinal neuroimaging study.
Neural networks associated with the speed-accuracy tradeoff: evidence from the response signal method.
Naturalizing aesthetics: brain areas for aesthetic appraisal across sensory modalities.
fMRI evidence of a relationship between hypomania and both increased goal-sensitivity and positive outcome-expectancy bias.
Disrupted functional connectivity for controlled visual processing as a basis for impaired spatial working memory in schizophrenia.
Neural regions associated with self control and mentalizing are recruited during prosocial behaviors towards the family.
Deficits in default mode network activity preceding error in cocaine dependent individuals.
An initial study of neural responses to monetary incentives as related to treatment outcome in cocaine dependence.
Developmental cortical thinning in fetal alcohol spectrum disorders
Resting state cortical electroencephalographic rhythms in subjects with normal and abnormal body weight.
Age of acquisition effects on the functional organization of language in the adult brain.
Limbic response to psychosocial stress in schizotypy: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Where, When and Why Brain Activation Differs for Bilinguals and Monolinguals during Picture Naming and Reading Aloud
Modeling of the neurovascular coupling in epileptic discharges.
Reexamining the evidence for a pitch-sensitive region: a human fMRI study using iterated ripple noise.
Interhemispheric differences in auditory processing revealed by fMRI in awake rhesus monkeys.
Towards a neuroscience of mind-wandering.
Children's Brain Development Benefits from Longer Gestation
Men Fear Other Men Most: Gender Specific Brain Activations in Perceiving Threat from Dynamic Faces and Bodies – An fMRI Study
Neural Mechanisms of Anaphoric Reference Revealed by fMRI
Increased neural processing of rewarding and aversive food stimuli in recovered anorexia nervosa.
Reciprocal anatomical relationship between primary sensory and prefrontal cortices in the human brain.
Differential electrophysiological coupling for positive and negative BOLD responses during unilateral hand movements.
Prediction of reading skill several years later depends on age and brain region: implications for developmental models of reading.
Why clowns taste funny: the relationship between humor and semantic ambiguity.
The neural underpinnings of how reward associations can both guide and misguide attention.
Relevance of Spectral Cues for Auditory Spatial Processing in the Occipital Cortex of the Blind
Males and females show differential brain activation to taste when hungry and sated in gustatory and reward areas
Catching falling objects: the role of the cerebellum in processing sensory–motor errors that may influence updating of feedforward commands. An fMRI study
Altered temporal difference learning in bulimia nervosa.
Saliency Processing and Obesity: A Preliminary Imaging Study of the Stop Signal Task
Maternal Neural Responses to Infant Cries and Faces: Relationships with Substance Use
Magical ideation, creativity, handedness, and cerebral asymmetries: a combined behavioural and fMRI study.
Basal functional connectivity within the anterior temporal network is associated with performance on declarative memory tasks.
Is left fronto-temporal connectivity essential for syntax? Effective connectivity, tractography and performance in left-hemisphere damaged patients
Contribution of the right intraparietal sulcus to numerosity and length processing: an fMRI-guided TMS study.
Novelty increases the mesolimbic functional connectivity of the substantia nigra/ventral tegmental area (SN/VTA) during reward anticipation: Evidence from high-resolution fMRI.
Ketamine effects on brain function — Simultaneous fMRI/EEG during a visual oddball task
Distinctive neural processes during learning in autism.
The modular neuroarchitecture of social judgments on faces.
Mirtazapine antagonises the subjective, hormonal and neuronal effects of m-chlorophenylpiperazine (mCPP) infusion: a pharmacological-challenge fMRI (phMRI) study.
Maturation of obligatory auditory responses and their neural sources: Evidence from EEG and MEG
Aging and Functional Brain Networks
Fronto-parietal hypo-activation during working memory independent of structural abnormalities: conjoint fMRI and sMRI analyses in adolescent offspring of schizophrenia patients.
Using novel control groups to dissect the amygdala's role in Williams syndrome.
The neural basis of deictic shifting in linguistic perspective-taking in high-functioning autism
Face categorization in visual scenes may start in a higher order area of the right fusiform gyrus: evidence from dynamic visual stimulation in neuroimaging.
Understanding otherness: the neural bases of action comprehension and pain empathy in a congenital amputee.
Similarity between brain activity at encoding and retrieval predicts successful realization of delayed intentions.
Neural correlates of confidence during item recognition and source memory retrieval: evidence for both dual-process and strength memory theories.
Neural dissociation of number from letter recognition and its relationship to parietal numerical processing.
Neural systems for social cognition in Klinefelter syndrome (47,XXY): evidence from fMRI.
Empathic neural responses to others' pain depend on monetary reward.
The Perception of Musical Spontaneity in Improvised and Imitated Jazz Performances
Impairment of auditory-motor timing and compensatory reorganization after ventral premotor cortex stimulation.
Cognitive control in adolescence: neural underpinnings and relation to self-report behaviors.
Comparison of the choice effect and the distance effect in a number-comparison task by FMRI.
Neural mechanisms underlying the grouping effect in short-term memory.
Hand shape selection in pantomimed grasping: interaction between the dorsal and the ventral visual streams and convergence on the ventral premotor area.
Dissociation and association of the embodied representation of tool-use verbs and hand verbs: An fMRI study.
Influence of age on the dynamics of fMRI activations during a semantic fluency task
Effect of median-nerve electrical stimulation on BOLD activity in acute ischemic stroke patients.
Effects of mobile phone signals over BOLD response while performing a cognitive task.
Cortical processing of tactile direction discrimination based on spatiotemporal cues in man.
Cortical fMRI activation to opponents' body kinematics in sport-related anticipation: expert-novice differences with normal and point-light video.
The neural correlates of strategic reading comprehension: cognitive control and discourse comprehension.
Dissociative neural correlates of semantic processing of nouns and verbs in Chinese--a language with minimal inflectional morphology.
Structural plasticity of the left caudate in bimodal bilinguals.
Enhanced Neural Responses to Rule Violation in Children with Autism: A Comparison to Social Exclusion
fMRI of syntactic processing in typically developing children: structural correlates in the inferior frontal gyrus.
Does semantic context benefit speech understanding through "top-down" processes? Evidence from time-resolved sparse fMRI.
Insulin is differentially related to cognitive decline and atrophy in Alzheimer's disease and aging
Reward system and temporal pole contributions to affective evaluation during a first person shooter video game
Amygdala and heart rate variability responses from listening to emotionally intense parts of a story.
Reproducibility and discriminability of brain patterns of semantic categories enhanced by congruent audiovisual stimuli.
The reward of a good joke: neural correlates of viewing dynamic displays of stand-up comedy.
Sleep spindles and hippocampal functional connectivity in human NREM sleep.
Toward a brain-based theory of beauty.
Emotional self-reference: brain structures involved in the processing of words describing one's own emotions.
Error-related processing following severe traumatic brain injury: an event-related functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) study.
Neural correlates of training-related working-memory gains in old age.
Contralateral delay activity tracks object identity information in visual short term memory.
Neural Coding of Cooperative vs. Affective Human Interactions: 150 ms to Code the Action's Purpose
fMRI Activities in the Emotional Cerebellum: A Preference for Negative Stimuli and Goal-Directed Behavior
Using Spatial Multiple Regression to Identify Intrinsic Connectivity Networks Involved in Working Memory Performance
I know you can hear me: neural correlates of feigned hearing loss.
Localization of brain activation by umami taste in humans.
Meditation training increases brain efficiency in an attention task.
Social anhedonia is associated with neural abnormalities during face emotion processing.
A whole-brain voxel based measure of intrinsic connectivity contrast reveals local changes in tissue connectivity with anesthetic without a priori assumptions on thresholds or regions of interest.
Awareness-related activity in prefrontal and parietal cortices in blindsight reflects more than superior visual performance.
Programmable tactile pattern presentations operational under MRI to investigate neural mechanisms of tactile shape discrimination.
Motion-related artefacts in EEG predict neuronally plausible patterns of activation in fMRI data.
Enhanced reward sensitivity and decreased loss sensitivity in Internet addicts: An fMRI study during a guessing task
Association between CHRNA5 genetic variation at rs16969968 and brain reactivity to smoking images in nicotine dependent women.
Serotonin transporter genotype modulates the association between depressive symptoms and amygdala activity among psychiatrically healthy adults.
Attention supports verbal short-term memory via competition between dorsal and ventral attention networks.
Smoking withdrawal is associated with increases in brain activation during decision making and reward anticipation: a preliminary study.
The signer and the sign: cortical correlates of person identity and language processing from point-light displays.
Alpha-2 adrenergic challenge with guanfacine one month after mild traumatic brain injury: altered working memory and BOLD response.
Adaptive influence of long term high altitude residence on spatial working memory: an fMRI study.
Extended cortical activations during evaluating successive pain stimuli.
Goal-directed actions activate the face-sensitive posterior superior temporal sulcus and fusiform gyrus in the absence of human-like perceptual cues.
Spontaneous revisitation during visual exploration as a link among strategic behavior, learning, and the hippocampus.
How cognitive performance-induced stress can influence right VLPFC activation: an fMRI study in healthy subjects and in patients with social phobia.
Neural correlates of skill acquisition: decreased cortical activity during a serial interception sequence learning task.
Neural changes following cognitive behaviour therapy for psychosis: a longitudinal study.
An anatomical account of somatoparaphrenia
Functional MRI of sleep spindles and K-complexes.
Functional connectivity of the striatum links motivation to action control in humans.
The right posterior paravermis and the control of language interference.
Prior expectation modulates the interaction between sensory and prefrontal regions in the human brain.
Competition in working memory reduces frontal guidance of visual selection.
Neural correlates of social approach and withdrawal in patients with major depression
Event congruency and episodic encoding: a developmental fMRI study.
White matter microstructural abnormalities in the frontal lobe of adults with antisocial personality disorder.
The attenuation of dysfunctional emotional processing with stimulant medication: an fMRI study of adolescents with ADHD.
Adaptive Thresholding for Improving Sensitivity in Single-Trial Simultaneous EEG/fMRI
Pathways Activated during Human Asthma Exacerbation as Revealed by Gene Expression Patterns in Blood
Common capacity-limited neural mechanisms of selective attention and spatial working memory encoding.
Apathy, depression, and motor symptoms have distinct and separable resting activity patterns in idiopathic Parkinson disease.
Mind wandering and attention during focused meditation: a fine-grained temporal analysis of fluctuating cognitive states.
The effect of problem structure on problem-solving: An fMRI study of word versus number problems
Abnormal neural activities in first-episode, treatment-naive, short-illness-duration, and treatment-response patients with major depressive disorder: a resting-state fMRI study.
Structural MRI changes detectable up to ten years before clinical Alzheimer's disease.
An fMRI investigation of a novel analogue to the Trail-Making Test.
Neural activation during inhibition predicts initiation of substance use in adolescence.
Aberrant visual circuitry associated with normal spatial match-to-sample accuracy in schizophrenia.
Brain regions with mirror properties: a meta-analysis of 125 human fMRI studies.
Goal-independent mechanisms for free response generation: creative and pseudo-random performance share neural substrates.
Neural correlates of hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal regulation of mothers with their infants.
Age differences in spatial working memory contributions to visuomotor adaptation and transfer.
Sustained gamma band synchronization in early visual areas reflects the level of selective attention.
Reduced Functional Integration and Segregation of Distributed Neural Systems Underlying Social and Emotional Information Processing in Autism Spectrum Disorders
Perfusion abnormalities in mild cognitive impairment and mild dementia in Alzheimer's disease measured by pulsed arterial spin labeling MRI.
Impact of chronic hypercortisolemia on affective processing
The attention network of the human brain: relating structural damage associated with spatial neglect to functional imaging correlates of spatial attention.
Tracking Cognitive Fluctuations with Multivoxel Pattern Time Course (MVPTC) Analysis
Phonological manipulation between speech perception and production activates a parieto-frontal circuit.
Executive functions and neurocognitive aging: dissociable patterns of brain activity
How ongoing neuronal oscillations account for evoked fMRI variability.
Focusing attention on the health aspects of foods changes value signals in vmPFC and improves dietary choice.
Functional magnetic resonance adaptation reveals the involvement of the dorsomedial stream in hand orientation for grasping.
The organization of the human cerebellum estimated by intrinsic functional connectivity.
Altered regional homogeneity in motor cortices in patients with multiple system atrophy.
Coordinate-based meta-analysis of experimentally induced and chronic persistent neuropathic pain
The Effect of Neurogranin on Neural Correlates of Episodic Memory Encoding and Retrieval
Activation in a frontoparietal cortical network underlies individual differences in the performance of an embedded figures task.
Differential Neural Responses to Food Images in Women with Bulimia versus Anorexia Nervosa
Functional MRI of dynamic judgments of spatial extent.
Low and high imagers activate networks differentially in mental rotation.
WITHDRAWN: Print-specific multimodal brain activation in kindergarten improves prediction of reading skills in second grade.
Neural correlates in the processing of phoneme-level complexity in vowel production.
The neural correlates of specific versus general autobiographical memory construction and elaboration.
Decomposing metaphor processing at the cognitive and neural level through functional magnetic resonance imaging
Self-modulation of primary motor cortex activity with motor and motor imagery tasks using real-time fMRI-based neurofeedback.
Different types of target probability have different prefrontal consequences.
A supramodal brain substrate of word form processing — An fMRI study on homonym finding with auditory and visual input
Perceptual and anatomic patterns of selective deficits in facial identity and expression processing.
Are brain networks stable during a 24-hour period?
Early influence of the rs4675690 on the neural substrates of sadness.
Role of olivocerebellar system in timing without awareness.
Specialization in the human brain: the case of numbers.
Voxel-based morphometry findings in Alzheimer's disease: neuropsychiatric symptoms and disability correlations – preliminary results
Abnormal spontaneous brain activity in medication-naive ADHD children: a resting state fMRI study.
Parcellation in Left Lateral Parietal Cortex Is Similar in Adults and Children
A role for the hippocampus in encoding simulations of future events.
True and False Recognition Memories of Odors Induce Distinct Neural Signatures
Interhemispheric Connectivity Influences the Degree of Modulation of TMS-Induced Effects during Auditory Processing
Functional disconnection and compensation in mild cognitive impairment: evidence from DLPFC connectivity using resting-state fMRI.
A Preliminary Study of the Neural Correlates of the Intensities of Self-Reported Gambling Urges and Emotions in Men with Pathological Gambling
The bimusical brain is not two monomusical brains in one: evidence from musical affective processing.
Development of functional connectivity during adolescence: a longitudinal study using an action-observation paradigm.
Reduced specificity of hippocampal and posterior ventrolateral prefrontal activity during relational retrieval in normal aging.
The neurotopography of written word production: an fMRI investigation of the distribution of sensitivity to length and frequency.
Altered resting-state functional connectivity of thalamus in earthquake-induced posttraumatic stress disorder: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Resting state fMRI in Alzheimer's disease: beyond the default mode network.
Effects of brain amyloid deposition and reduced glucose metabolism on the default mode of brain function in normal aging.
Mirror-image sensitivity and invariance in object and scene processing pathways.
Physical and perceptual factors shape the neural mechanisms that integrate audiovisual signals in speech comprehension.
Striatum-medial prefrontal cortex connectivity predicts developmental changes in reinforcement learning.
Chinese and Korean characters engage the same visual word form area in proficient early Chinese-Korean bilinguals.
Network modulation during complex syntactic processing.
Abnormal hypothalamic response to light in seasonal affective disorder.
Imputation techniques for the detection of microstructural changes in schizophrenia, with an application to magnetization transfer imaging.
Common and distinct neural correlates of emotional processing in Bipolar Disorder and Major Depressive Disorder: a voxel-based meta-analysis of functional magnetic resonance imaging studies.
Electrophysiological correlates of non-symbolic numerical magnitude processing in children: joining the dots.
Genetic variation in nicotinic receptors affects brain networks involved in reorienting attention.
Baseline and longitudinal patterns of hippocampal connectivity in mild cognitive impairment: evidence from resting state fMRI.
Involvement of the endocannabinoid system in reward processing in the human brain.
Look at me, I'll remember you: the perception of self-relevant social cues enhances memory and right hippocampal activity.
Effects of the brief viewing of emotional stimuli on understanding of insight solutions.
Representation of perceived sound valence in the human brain.
Functional MRI assessment of orofacial articulators: neural correlates of lip, jaw, larynx, and tongue movements.
Effects of rapid eye movement sleep deprivation on fear extinction recall and prediction error signaling.
Fear-relevant outcomes modulate the neural correlates of probabilistic classification learning.
Relationship between aberrant brain connectivity and clinical features in Angelman Syndrome: a new method using tract based spatial statistics of DTI color-coded orientation maps
Neural circuitry underlying affective response to peer feedback in adolescence.
Task-induced deactivation from rest extends beyond the default mode brain network.
Impact of Protein Stability, Cellular Localization, and Abundance on Proteomic Detection of Tumor-Derived Proteins in Plasma
Anterior medial prefrontal cortex exhibits activation during task preparation but deactivation during task execution.
Spatiotemporal dynamics of processing nonsymbolic number: an event-related potential source localization study.
Exploring the neural correlates of delusions of reference.
Differential magnitude coding of gains and omitted rewards in the ventral striatum.
White matter abnormalities in adults with 22q11 deletion syndrome with and without schizophrenia.
Regional homogeneity changes in social anxiety disorder: a resting-state fMRI study.
Semantic fluency deficits and reduced grey matter before transition to psychosis: a voxelwise correlational analysis.
Resting quantitative cerebral blood flow in schizophrenia measured by pulsed arterial spin labeling perfusion MRI
Top-Down and Bottom-Up Contributions to Understanding Sentences Describing Objects in Motion
Dissociable Memory- and Response-Related Activity in Parietal Cortex During Auditory Spatial Working Memory
Neural Responses to Complex Auditory Rhythms: The Role of Attending
Stimulus Complexity and Categorical Effects in Human Auditory Cortex: An Activation Likelihood Estimation Meta-Analysis
Rostrolateral prefrontal cortex: domain-general or domain-sensitive?
Oscillatory MEG gamma band activity dissociates perceptual and conceptual aspects of visual object processing: a combined repetition/conceptual priming study.
Smoking experience modulates the cortical integration of vision and haptics.
Removing the effect of response time on brain activity reveals developmental differences in conflict processing in the posterior medial prefrontal cortex.
Altered resting-state effective connectivity of fronto-parietal motor control systems on the primary motor network following stroke.
Form and motion make independent contributions to the response to biological motion in occipitotemporal cortex.
Human avoidance and approach learning: Evidence for overlapping neural systems and experiential avoidance modulation of avoidance neurocircuitry
Habituation within the somatosensory processing hierarchy.
White matter integrity and five-factor personality measures in healthy adults.
Lasting effects of chronic fluoxetine treatment on the late developing rat brain: Age-dependent changes in the serotonergic neurotransmitter system assessed by pharmacological MRI
Remembering forward: Neural correlates of memory and prediction in human motor adaptation
Cortico-striatal disconnection within the cingulo-opercular network in schizophrenia revealed by intrinsic functional connectivity analysis: a resting fMRI study.
Multi-task functional MRI in multiple sclerosis patients without clinical disability.
Functional connectivity tracks clinical deterioration in Alzheimer's disease.
Consequences of magnocellular dysfunction on processing attended information in schizophrenia.
Age-related changes in the thickness of cortical zones in humans.
Neural correlates of the processing of self-referent emotional information in bulimia nervosa.
Calibrated fMRI during a cognitive Stroop task reveals reduced metabolic response with increasing age.
Functional neural correlates of reduced physiological falls risk
Neural Underpinnings of Distortions in the Experience of Time Across Senses
Pattern of BOLD signal in auditory cortex relates acoustic response to perceptual streaming
Power estimation predicts specific function action of acupuncture: an fMRI study
The control of mimicry by eye contact is mediated by medial prefrontal cortex.
A Voxel-based Morphometric Analysis of Cerebral Gray Matter in Subcortical Ischemic Vascular Dementia Patients and Normal Aged Controls
Evaluative and generative modes of thought during the creative process.
Normal amygdala activation but deficient ventrolateral prefrontal activation in adults with bipolar disorder during euthymia.
Modulation of the brain's functional network architecture in the transition from wake to sleep
Hypnotic modulation of resting state fMRI default mode and extrinsic network connectivity.
Altered regional synchronization in epileptic patients with generalized tonic–clonic seizures
How one's favorite song activates the reward circuitry of the brain: personality matters!
Moderators of the association between brain activation and farsighted choice.
Deconstructing events: the neural bases for space, time, and causality.
The effects of aging on the neural basis of implicit associative learning in a probabilistic triplets learning task.
Amygdalar function reflects common individual differences in emotion and pain regulation success.
Dissociable neural activations of conscious visibility and attention.
Dynamic facial expressions evoke distinct activation in the face perception network: a connectivity analysis study.
Clinical symptoms and alpha band resting-state functional connectivity imaging in patients with schizophrenia: implications for novel approaches to treatment
Activation patterns in multiple sclerosis on the Computerized Tests of Information Processing.
Resting-state fMRI changes in Alzheimer's disease and mild cognitive impairment.
Brain volume changes in Parkinson's disease and their relationship with cognitive and behavioural abnormalities.
Role of the medial part of the intraparietal sulcus in implementing movement direction.
Orbitofrontal cortex and anterior cingulate cortex are modulated by motivated social cognition.
Word intelligibility and age predict visual cortex activity during word listening.
Cerebral correlates and statistical criteria of cross-modal face and voice integration.
Emotionally negative stimuli can overcome attentional deficits in patients with visuo-spatial hemineglect.
Neural bases of selective attention in action video game players.
Changing the structure of complex visuo-motor sequences selectively activates the fronto-parietal network.
fMRI working memory hypo-activations in schizophrenia come with a coupling deficit between arousal and cognition.
Comparison of cerebral activation involved in oral and manual stereognosis
Changes in regional and temporal patterns of activity associated with aging during the performance of a lexical set-shifting task.
Neural activation during imitation of movements presented from four different perspectives: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Learning to play a melody: an fMRI study examining the formation of auditory-motor associations.
Impaired neural processing of social attribution in anorexia nervosa.
The "paradoxical" engagement of the primary auditory cortex in patients with auditory verbal hallucinations: a meta-analysis of functional neuroimaging studies.
Brain connectivity during resting state and subsequent working memory task predicts behavioural performance.
Altered transfer of visual motion information to parietal association cortex in untreated first-episode psychosis: Implications for pursuit eye tracking
Cue-switch effects do not rely on the same neural systems as task-switch effects.
The insula-claustrum region and delusions in schizophrenia.
Amygdala hyperactivation and prefrontal hypoactivation in subjects with cognitive vulnerability to depression.
Variation of the gene coding for DARPP-32 (PPP1R1B) and brain connectivity during associative emotional learning.
Squeezing lemons in the bathroom: contextual information modulates action recognition.
Laterality Patterns of Brain Functional Connectivity: Gender Effects
Training-induced neural plasticity in golf novices.
Corticotropin-releasing factor receptor 1 antagonist alters regional activation and effective connectivity in an emotional-arousal circuit during expectation of abdominal pain.
Dissociable effects of top-down and bottom-up attention during episodic encoding
Hearing loss in older adults affects neural systems supporting speech comprehension.
Neural correlates of coherent and biological motion perception in autism
A Data-Driven Investigation of Gray Matter-Function Correlations in Schizophrenia during a Working Memory Task.
Working Memory Training Using Mental Calculation Impacts Regional Gray Matter of the Frontal and Parietal Regions
Why Self-Induced Pain Feels Less Painful than Externally Generated Pain: Distinct Brain Activation Patterns in Self- and Externally Generated Pain
Impact of load-related neural processes on feature binding in visuospatial working memory.
Stroop interference, hemodynamic response and aging: an event-related fMRI study.
Distinct pathways of neural coupling for different basic emotions.
Componential Granger causality, and its application to identifying the source and mechanisms of the top-down biased activation that controls attention to affective vs sensory processing.
Large scale brain activations predict reasoning profiles.
Do distinct atypical cortical networks process biological motion information in adults with Autism Spectrum Disorders?
From storage to manipulation: How the neural correlates of verbal working memory reflect varying demands on inner speech.
Neural correlates of metonymy resolution.
Sensory and semantic category subdivisions within the anterior temporal lobes.
Association between language and spatial laterality and cognitive ability: an fMRI study.
Neural correlates of contextual cueing are modulated by explicit learning.
Anatomical insights into the interaction of emotion and cognition in the prefrontal cortex
Multivariate searchlight classification of structural magnetic resonance imaging in children and adolescents with autism.
Mapping the depressed brain: a meta-analysis of structural and functional alterations in major depressive disorder.
Microcontroller based fibre-optic visual presentation system for multisensory neuroimaging.
Similar hyporesponsiveness of the dorsomedial prefrontal cortex in problem gamblers and heavy smokers during an inhibitory control task.
White-matter connectivity between face-responsive regions in the human brain.
Is the link between anatomical structure and function equally strong at all cognitive levels of processing?
Female children with autism spectrum disorder: an insight from mass-univariate and pattern classification analyses.
An fMRI study of caring vs self-focus during induced compassion and pride.
How does the brain regulate negative bias to stigma?
The balance between feeling and knowing: affective and cognitive empathy are reflected in the brain's intrinsic functional dynamics.
Does Area V3A Predict Positions of Moving Objects?
Functional adaptive changes within the hippocampal memory system of patients with multiple sclerosis.
Robotic movement preferentially engages the action observation network.
Brain regions that process case: evidence from Basque.
Amyloid pathway-based candidate gene analysis of [11C]PiB-PET in the Alzheimer’s Disease Neuroimaging Initiative (ADNI) cohort
Cortical pattern of complex but not simple movements is affected in writer's cramp: a parametric event-related fMRI study.
Verbal working memory performance correlates with regional white matter structures in the frontoparietal regions.
Dissociated brain organization for two-digit addition and subtraction: An fMRI investigation
The primary somatosensory cortex largely contributes to the early part of the cortical response elicited by nociceptive stimuli.
The hierarchical organization of semantic memory: executive function in the processing of superordinate concepts.
Neural correlates of blink suppression and the buildup of a natural bodily urge.
Altered spontaneous activity in Alzheimer's disease and mild cognitive impairment revealed by Regional Homogeneity.
Neural correlates of relational and item-specific encoding during working and long-term memory in schizophrenia.
Cognitive reappraisal in trauma-exposed women with borderline personality disorder.
Functional topography of the cerebellum for motor and cognitive tasks: an fMRI study.
Dissociable neural correlates of stereotypes and other forms of semantic knowledge.
Voice processing in dementia: a neuropsychological and neuroanatomical analysis.
Cortico-subcortical visual, somatosensory, and motor activations for perceiving dynamic whole-body emotional expressions with and without striate cortex (V1).
Sex differences in the medial temporal lobe during encoding and recognition of pseudowords and abstract designs.
A role for the motor system in binding abstract emotional meaning.
Behavioral and neural properties of social reinforcement learning.
Feedback timing modulates brain systems for learning in humans.
The decision value computations in the vmPFC and striatum use a relative value code that is guided by visual attention.
Adolescents' depressive symptoms moderate neural responses to their mothers' positive behavior.
Automated longitudinal registration of high resolution structural MRI brain sub-volumes in non-human primates.
Selective effects of social anxiety, anxiety sensitivity, and negative affectivity on the neural bases of emotional face processing
A Test for the Implementation–Maintenance Model of Reappraisal
Two Sides of the Same Coin: Learning via Positive and Negative Reinforcers in the Human Striatum
Different duration of at-risk mental state associated with neurofunctional abnormalities. A multimodal imaging study.
Seeing with the eyes shut: neural basis of enhanced imagery following Ayahuasca ingestion.
Dynamic causal modeling with neural fields.
Longitudinal loss of gray matter volume in patients with first-episode schizophrenia: DARTEL automated analysis and ROI validation.
Reliability analysis of the resting state can sensitively and specifically identify the presence of Parkinson disease.
Voxel-based morphometry of patients with schizophrenia or bipolar I disorder: a matched control study.
Aging-related changes in the default mode network and its anti-correlated networks: a resting-state fMRI study.
A new lexical card-sorting task for studying fronto-striatal contribution to processing language rules
Exploring the Neural Basis of Real-Life Joint Action: Measuring Brain Activation during Joint Table Setting with Functional Near-Infrared Spectroscopy
Plasticity in cortical motor upper-limb representation following stroke and rehabilitation: two longitudinal multi-joint FMRI case-studies.
Some is not enough: quantifier comprehension in corticobasal syndrome and behavioral variant frontotemporal dementia.
Neural processing associated with comprehension of an indirect reply during a scenario reading task.
Postmenopausal hormone use impact on emotion processing circuitry.
Joint ICA of ERP and fMRI during Error-Monitoring
Neural correlates of disbalanced motor control in major depression.
Donepezil Impairs Memory in Healthy Older Subjects: Behavioural, EEG and Simultaneous EEG/fMRI Biomarkers
Self-regulation of amygdala activation using real-time FMRI neurofeedback.
Cross auditory-spatial learning in early-blind individuals.
Neural mechanisms underlying freedom to choose an object.
Propofol disrupts functional interactions between sensory and high-order processing of auditory verbal memory.
Functionally distinct regions for spatial processing and sensory motor integration in the planum temporale.
Involvement of area MT in bimanual finger movements in left-handers: an fMRI study.
Imitation components in the human brain: an fMRI study.
Shared syntax in language production and language comprehension--an FMRI study.
Spatial language processing in the blind: evidence for a supramodal representation and cortical reorganization.
Specifically progressive deficits of brain functional marker in amnestic type mild cognitive impairment.
The effect of negative and positive emotionality on associative memory: an FMRI study.
Medial prefrontal cortex supports source memory accuracy for self-referenced items
How number processing survives left occipito-temporal damage
The synchronization of spontaneous BOLD activity predicts extraversion and neuroticism.
Right hemispheric participation in semantic decision improves performance.
Neural correlates of inhibitory control in adult attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder: evidence from the Milwaukee longitudinal sample.
Developmental changes in adolescents’ neural response to challenge.
Impulsive personality and the ability to resist immediate reward: an fMRI study examining interindividual differences in the neural mechanisms underlying self-control.
Dynamically changing effects of corticosteroids on human hippocampal and prefrontal processing.
Impact of state anxiety on the interaction between threat monitoring and cognition.
Microstructure of a three-way anatomical network predicts individual differences in response inhibition: A tractography study
Supramodal representation of emotions.
Feature integration in visual working memory: parietal gamma activity is related to cognitive coordination.
Nucleus accumbens mediates relative motivation for rewards in the absence of choice.
Neural Substrates of Visual Spatial Coding and Visual Feedback Control for Hand Movements in Allocentric and Target-Directed Tasks
Absence of face-specific cortical activity in the complete absence of awareness: converging evidence from functional magnetic resonance imaging and event-related potentials.
Lateral OFC activity predicts decision bias due to first impressions during ultimatum games.
Cerebrovascular reactivity among native-raised high altitude residents: an fMRI study
Mentalizing impairment in schizophrenia: a functional MRI study.
Hedging your bets by learning reward correlations in the human brain.
White Matter Lesions and Brain Gray Matter Volume in Cognitively Normal Elders
How the brain responds to any: An MEG study
Age-related changes in the three-way correlation between anterior hippocampus volume, whole-brain patterns of encoding activity and subsequent context retrieval.
Executive Function in Chronic Pain Patients and Healthy Controls: Different Cortical Activation During Response Inhibition in Fibromyalgia
Brain regions associated with moment-to-moment adjustments in control and stable task-set maintenance.
To wake or not to wake? The two-sided nature of the human K-complex.
Turning on the alarm: the neural mechanisms of the transition from innocuous to painful sensation.
Age-related neural changes in autobiographical remembering and imagining
Abeta Deposition in aging is associated with increases in brain activation during successful memory encoding.
Unintentional temporal context-based prediction of emotional faces: an electrophysiological study.
Personality modulates the effects of emotional arousal and valence on brain activation
Attitudes trigger motor behavior through conditioned associations: neural and behavioral evidence.
The temporal dynamics of voluntary emotion regulation.
The Roots of Diversity: Below Ground Species Richness and Rooting Distributions in a Tropical Forest Revealed by DNA Barcodes and Inverse Modeling
Tactile motion and pattern processing assessed with high-field FMRI.
Influence of Body Position on Cortical Pain-Related Somatosensory Processing: An ERP Study
Prevalence of Grey Matter Pathology in Early Multiple Sclerosis Assessed by Magnetization Transfer Ratio Imaging
When and Where of Auditory Spatial Processing in Cortex: A Novel Approach Using Electrotomography
Compulsivity predicts fronto striatal activation in severely anorectic individuals
Differences in Regional Brain Activation Patterns Assessed by Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging in Patients with Systemic Lupus Erythematosus Stratified by Disease Duration
Audiovisual synchrony enhances BOLD responses in a brain network including multisensory STS while also enhancing target-detection performance for both modalities.
What's the story? The tale of reading fluency told at speed.
Tagging cortical networks in emotion: a topographical analysis.
Negative stereotype activation alters interaction between neural correlates of arousal, inhibition and cognitive control.
A Generative Model of Speech Production in Broca’s and Wernicke’s Areas
Independent distractor frequency and age-of-acquisition effects in picture-word interference: fMRI evidence for post-lexical and lexical accounts according to distractor type.
An fMRI study of the social competition in healthy subjects.
Neural response to experimental heat pain in stable patients with schizophrenia
Diffusion tensor imaging in Alzheimer's disease and dementia with Lewy bodies.
Menstrual cycle variations in the BOLD-response to a number bisection task: implications for research on sex differences.
Connectivity-based subdivisions of the human right "temporoparietal junction area": evidence for different areas participating in different cortical networks.
Subjective and Neural Responses to Intravenous Alcohol in Young Adults with Light and Heavy Drinking Patterns
Functional dissociation of hippocampal mechanism during implicit learning based on the domain of associations.
Scene-selective cortical regions in human and non-human primates
Scale-free properties of the functional magnetic resonance imaging signal during rest and task.
Dynamic Activation of Frontal, Parietal, and Sensory Regions Underlying Anticipatory Visual Spatial Attention
Neural correlates of interindividual differences in children's audiovisual speech perception.
Lower activation in the right frontoparietal network during a counting Stroop task in a cocaine-dependent group.
Encoding: the keystone to efficient functioning of verbal short-term memory.
Subcortical contributions to effective connectivity in brain networks supporting imitation.
The effect of observed biological and non biological movements on action imitation: an fMRI study.
The impact of aesthetic evaluation and physical ability on dance perception.
Multimodal functional network connectivity: an EEG-fMRI fusion in network space.
Differential neural activity and connectivity for processing one's own face: a preliminary report.
Difficulty processing temporary syntactic ambiguities in Lewy body spectrum disorder.
Modulation of cortical activity after anodal transcranial direct current stimulation of the lower limb motor cortex: A functional MRI study
Neuronal network coherent with hand kinematics during fast repetitive hand movements.
Specific cerebellar regions are related to force amplitude and rate of force development.
Patient HC with developmental amnesia can construct future scenarios.
Grey matter volume correlates with virtual water maze task performance in boys with androgen excess
Beyond arousal and valence: The importance of the biological versus social relevance of emotional stimuli
Decreased Cortical Thickness in Central Hypoventilation Syndrome
Mental addition in bilinguals: an FMRI study of task-related and performance-related activation.
Developmental changes in brain function underlying the influence of reward processing on inhibitory control.
The value of success: acquiring gains, avoiding losses, and simply being successful.
Microstructural white matter abnormalities in type 2 diabetes mellitus: A diffusion tensor imaging study
Grey matter abnormalities within cortico-limbic-striatal circuits in acute and weight-restored anorexia nervosa patients.
Response perseveration in stimulant dependence is associated with striatal dysfunction and can be ameliorated by a D(2/3) receptor agonist.
Dissociating frontotemporal contributions to semantic ambiguity resolution in spoken sentences.
A Perfusion MRI Study of Emotional Valence and Arousal in Parkinson's Disease
Nonconscious attention bias to threat is correlated with anterior cingulate cortex gray matter volume: A voxel-based morphometry result and replication
The other face of the other-race effect: An fMRI investigation of the other-race face categorization advantage
Taking a different perspective: mindset influences neural regions that represent value and choice.
Dimensional brain-behavior relationships in children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.
Changes in cerebellar functional connectivity and anatomical connectivity in schizophrenia: A combined resting-state fMRI and DTI study
Rostral prefrontal cortex and the focus of attention in prospective memory.
Flexibility in embodied lexical-semantic representations.
Neural processes of preparatory control for stop signal inhibition.
Modeling conflict and error in the medial frontal cortex.
Optimized neural coding? Control mechanisms in large cortical networks implemented by connectivity changes.
mu-suppression during action observation and execution correlates with BOLD in dorsal premotor, inferior parietal, and SI cortices.
Caudate dopamine D1 receptor density is associated with individual differences in frontoparietal connectivity during working memory.
Effective connectivity during processing of facial affect: evidence for multiple parallel pathways.
Distinct roles of three frontal cortical areas in reward-guided behavior.
Identifying bilingual semantic neural representations across languages.
Hemispheric Asymmetries in Speech Perception: Sense, Nonsense and Modulations
Transcranial magnetic stimulation intensities in cognitive paradigms.
A hypomethylating variant of MTHFR, 677C>T, blunts the neural response to errors in patients with schizophrenia and healthy individuals.
Mechanisms underlying flexible adaptation of cognitive control: behavioral and neuroimaging evidence in a flanker task.
Aberrant default mode network in subjects with amnestic mild cognitive impairment using resting-state functional MRI
The neural correlates of object-centered processing in reading: a lesion study of neglect dyslexia.
Nothing to lose: processing blindness to potential losses drives thrill and adventure seekers.
Repetition of letter strings leads to activation of and connectivity with word-related regions.
Grey matter alterations associated with cannabis use: Results of a VBM study in heavy cannabis users and healthy controls
A bilateral frontoparietal network underlies visuospatial analogical reasoning.
Culture modulates brain activity during empathy with anger.
Imitation and observational learning of hand actions: prefrontal involvement and connectivity.
Quantitative magnetization transfer provides information complementary to grey matter atrophy in Alzheimer's disease brains
Using real-time fMRI to learn voluntary regulation of the anterior insula in the presence of threat-related stimuli.
Revealing the functional neuroanatomy of intrinsic alertness using fMRI: methodological peculiarities.
Influence of estradiol on functional brain organization for working memory.
BOLD responses in reward regions to hypothetical and imaginary monetary rewards.
Regional gray and white matter volume associated with Stroop interference: Evidence from voxel-based morphometry
Nicotine withdrawal modulates frontal brain function during an affective Stroop task.
Neuronal correlates of extinction learning are modulated by sex hormones
Neuroanatomical Circuitry Associated with Exploratory Eye Movement in Schizophrenia: A Voxel-Based Morphometric Study
Cognitive control links alcohol use, trait disinhibition, and reduced cognitive capacity: Evidence for medial prefrontal cortex dysregulation during reward-seeking behavior.
Brain activation disturbance for target detection in patients with mild cognitive impairment: an fMRI study.
Meta-analysis of functional neuroimaging studies of emotion perception and experience in schizophrenia
fMRI of the brain's response to stimuli experimentally paired with alcohol intoxication.
Comparing apples and oranges: using reward-specific and reward-general subjective value representation in the brain.
The anterior insular cortex represents breaches of taste identity expectation
Explaining left lateralization for words in the ventral occipitotemporal cortex.
Motor Response Selection in Overt Sentence Production: A Functional MRI Study
Cerebellar and Visual Gray Matter Brain Volume Increases in Congenital Nystagmus
The effect of intravenous alcohol on the neural correlates of risky decision making in healthy social drinkers
Category structure and the two learning systems of COVIS.
Reward Abnormalities Among Women with Full and Subthreshold Bulimia Nervosa: A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Altered brain activity during emotional empathy in somatoform disorder.
Altered brain activation during response inhibition in children with primary nocturnal enuresis: an fMRI study.
Autism Spectrum Disorders and Schizophrenia: Meta-Analysis of the Neural Correlates of Social Cognition
The hippocampus is functionally connected to the striatum and orbitofrontal cortex during context dependent decision making.
BOLD response to semantic and syntactic processing during hypoglycemia is load-dependent.
Longitudinal changes of cortical morphology in CADASIL.
Investigating brain connectivity using mixed effects vector autoregressive models.
True and phantom recollection: an fMRI investigation of similar and distinct neural correlates and connectivity.
The neural mechanisms of reliability weighted integration of shape information from vision and touch.
Routes to the past: neural substrates of direct and generative autobiographical memory retrieval.
Exposure to subliminal arousing stimuli induces robust activation in the amygdala, hippocampus, anterior cingulate, insular cortex and primary visual cortex: A systematic meta-analysis of fMRI studies
The impact of sex, puberty, and hormones on white matter microstructure in adolescents.
Predicting decisions in human social interactions using real-time fMRI and pattern classification.
Pharmacotherapy impacts functional connectivity among affective circuits during response inhibition in pediatric mania.
A neurocognitive model of meditation based on activation likelihood estimation (ALE) meta-analysis
Cholinergic blockade under working memory demands encountered by increased rehearsal strategies: evidence from fMRI in healthy subjects.
Inconsistencies in spontaneous and intentional trait inferences.
Neural correlates of exposure to subliminal and supraliminal sexual cues
Neural recruitment during failed motor inhibition differentiates youths with bipolar disorder and severe mood dysregulation.
White matter integrity deficits in prefrontal-amygdala pathways in Williams syndrome.
Similarities and differences of white matter connectivity and water diffusivity in bipolar I and II disorder.
Differences in regional brain volume related to the extraversion-introversion dimension--a voxel based morphometry study.
The neural basis for establishing a focal point in pure coordination games.
Age and experience shape developmental changes in the neural basis of language-related learning
Development of neural systems for processing social exclusion from childhood to adolescence
Hippocampal contributions to the processing of social emotions.
Online social network size is reflected in human brain structure
Mapping brain activation and information during category-specific visual working memory.
Examining the Central and Peripheral Processes of Written Word Production Through Meta-Analysis
Fronto-striato-cerebellar dysregulation in adolescents with depression during motivated attention.
Don't look back in anger: neural correlates of reappraisal, analytical rumination, and angry rumination during recall of an anger-inducing autobiographical memory.
FMRI-adaptation to highly-rendered color photographs of animals and manipulable artifacts during a classification task.
Mathematics anxiety: separating the math from the anxiety.
Neurological soft signs and gray matter changes: a longitudinal analysis in first-episode schizophrenia.
Regional heterogeneity in the processing and the production of speech in the human planum temporale.
Lower effective connectivity between amygdala and parietal regions in response to fearful faces in schizophrenia.
An integrative model of the neural systems supporting the comprehension of observed emotional behavior.
Biological motion processing: the left cerebellum communicates with the right superior temporal sulcus.
Capturing inter-subject variability with group independent component analysis of fMRI data: a simulation study.
A salty-congruent odor enhances saltiness: functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Prominent activation of the intraparietal and somatosensory areas during angle discrimination by intra-active touch.
The contribution of working memory to divided attention.
Do fearful eyes activate empathy-related brain regions in individuals with callous traits?
An fMRI study of the brain responses of traumatized mothers to viewing their toddlers during separation and play.
White Matter and Cognition in Adults Who Were Born Preterm
Effects of aversive stimuli on prospective memory. An event-related fMRI study.
The role of stimulus salience and attentional capture across the neural hierarchy in a stop-signal task.
Activation likelihood estimation meta-analysis of motor-related neural activity after stroke
Biological motion task performance predicts superior temporal sulcus activity.
Neurocognitive deficits in male alcoholics: an ERP/sLORETA analysis of the N2 component in an equal probability Go/NoGo task.
Neural correlates of cognitive flexibility in children at risk for bipolar disorder
Cortical regions underlying successful encoding of semantically congruent and incongruent associations between common auditory and visual objects.
Importance of Reward and Prefrontal Circuitry in Hunger and Satiety: Prader-Willi Syndrome vs. Simple Obesity
Stop-signal response inhibition in schizophrenia: behavioural, event-related potential and functional neuroimaging data.
Insula reactivity and connectivity to anterior cingulate cortex when processing threat in generalized social anxiety disorder.
Aerobic fitness is associated with greater efficiency of the network underlying cognitive control in preadolescent children
Cardiovascular fitness modulates brain activation associated with spatial learning.
Sleep deprivation alters valuation signals in the ventromedial prefrontal cortex.
Interaction between dysfunctional connectivity at rest and heroin cues-induced brain responses in male abstinent heroin-dependent individuals.
Bacterial and Archaea Community Present in the Pine Barrens Forest of Long Island, NY: Unusually High Percentage of Ammonia Oxidizing Bacteria
Effective connectivity hierarchically links temporoparietal and frontal areas of the auditory dorsal stream with the motor cortex lip area during speech perception
Pathophysiology of primary burning mouth syndrome.
Are historic years understood as numbers or events? An fMRI study of numbers with semantic associations.
Prefrontal transcranial direct current stimulation changes connectivity of resting-state networks during fMRI.
Cortical hypoperfusion in Parkinson's disease assessed using arterial spin labeled perfusion MRI.
Event segmentation in a visual language: neural bases of processing American Sign Language predicates.
The impact of serotonin transporter (5-HTTLPR) genotype on the development of resting-state functional connectivity in children and adolescents: a preliminary report.
The neural correlates of performance in adolescents at risk for schizophrenia: Inefficiently increased cortico-striatal responses measured with fMRI
Multivariate pattern classification reveals differential brain activation during emotional processing in individuals with psychosis proneness.
Paired pulse depression in the somatosensory cortex: associations between MEG and BOLD fMRI.
Remitted major depression is characterized by reward network hyperactivation during reward anticipation and hypoactivation during reward outcomes.
Sleep spindle-related reactivation of category-specific cortical regions after learning face-scene associations.
Distinct but overlapping neural networks subserve depression and insecure attachment.
Authenticity affects the recognition of emotions in speech: behavioral and fMRI evidence.
Dissociation of brain areas associated with force production and stabilization during manipulation of unstable objects.
Multiple neural representations of object-directed action in an imitative context.
Abnormal Parietal Function in Conversion Paresis
Response selection versus feedback analysis in conditional visuo-motor learning.
Moving and being moved: differences in cerebral activation during recollection of whole-body motion.
A preliminary study of the neural effects of behavioral therapy for substance use disorders.
Energy-based stochastic control of neural mass models suggests time-varying effective connectivity in the resting state.
The relationship between level of processing and hippocampal-cortical functional connectivity during episodic memory formation in humans.
Impact of acute stress on human brain microstructure: An MR diffusion study of earthquake survivors.
Partial support for ZNF804A genotype-dependent alterations in prefrontal connectivity.
Neural intrinsic connectivity networks associated with risk aversion in old age.
Dissociating behavioral disorders in early dementia-An FDG-PET study.
Attention in action: Evidence from on-line corrections in left visual neglect
Induced oscillatory responses during the Sternberg's visual memory task in patients with Alzheimer's disease and mild cognitive impairment
Neural response to eye contact and paroxetine treatment in generalized social anxiety disorder.
Cerebellum volume in high-risk offspring from multiplex alcohol dependence families: association with allelic variation in GABRA2 and BDNF.
Reduced amygdala-orbitofrontal connectivity during moral judgments in youths with disruptive behavior disorders and psychopathic traits.
Prefrontal hypoactivation during cognitive control in early abstinent methamphetamine-dependent subjects
Effect of dopamine transporter genotype on intrinsic functional connectivity depends on cognitive state.
Distinct neural substrates for semantic knowledge and naming in the temporoparietal network.
The relationship between brain oscillations and BOLD signal during memory formation: a combined EEG-fMRI study.
Diminished top-down control underlies a visual imagery deficit in normal aging.
Medial temporal lobe function and recognition memory: a novel approach to separating the contribution of recollection and familiarity.
Theory of mind in schizophrenia: exploring neural mechanisms of belief attribution.
Imaging human reward processing with positron emission tomography and functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Pre-chemotherapy differences in visuospatial working memory in breast cancer patients compared to controls: an FMRI study.
Intact relational memory and normal hippocampal structure in the early stage of psychosis.
Attentional modulation of perceptual comparison for feature binding.
Similar behaviour, different brain patterns: age-related changes in neural signatures of ignoring.
Structural and functional cerebral impairments in cirrhotic patients with a history of overt hepatic encephalopathy
The influence of spontaneous activity on stimulus processing in primary visual cortex.
A functional MRI investigation of the association between childhood aerobic fitness and neurocognitive control
Autism spectrum traits predict the neural response to eye gaze in typical individuals.
Race modulates neural activity during imitation
Greater corticolimbic activation to high-calorie food cues after eating in obese vs. normal-weight adults
Both left and right posterior parietal activations contribute to compensatory processes in normal aging
Longitudinal structure-function correlates in elderly reveal MTL dysfunction with cognitive decline.
Discrimination task reveals differences in neural bases of tinnitus and hearing impairment.
Effects of Delta9-tetrahydrocannabinol administration on human encoding and recall memory function: a pharmacological FMRI study.
The neural underpinings of simultanagnosia: disconnecting the visuospatial attention network.
Incongruent abstract stimulus-response bindings result in response interference: FMRI and EEG evidence from visual object classification priming.
An application of univariate and multivariate approaches in FMRI to quantifying the hemispheric lateralization of acoustic and linguistic processes.
Brain correlates of mathematical competence in processing mathematical representations.
Bilateral Fronto-Parietal Integrity in Young Chronic Cigarette Smokers: A Diffusion Tensor Imaging Study
Brain activity during ankle proprioceptive stimulation predicts balance performance in young and older adults.
Visualization of painful experiences believed to trigger the activation of affective and emotional brain regions in subjects with low back pain.
FMRI supports the sensorimotor theory of motor resonance.
The neural coding of expected and unexpected monetary performance outcomes: dissociations between active and observational learning.
Dissociable roles for lateral orbitofrontal cortex and lateral prefrontal cortex during preference driven reversal learning.
Regional grey and white matter changes in heavy male smokers.
Connectivity Gradients Between the Default Mode and Attention Control Networks
Impairment of executive performance after transcranial magnetic modulation of the left dorsal frontal-striatal circuit.
Common structural correlates of trait impulsiveness and perceptual reasoning in adolescence.
The question shapes the answer: the neural correlates of task differences reveal dynamic semantic processing.
Altered inhibition of negative emotions in subjects at family risk of major depressive disorder
Functional neuroanatomy of vocalization in patients with Parkinson's disease.
Striatal and cortical midline circuits in major depression: Implications for suicide and symptom expression
Language in calculation: a core mechanism?
Cortical thickness analysis and optimized voxel-based morphometry in children and adolescents with prelingually profound sensorineural hearing loss.
Neural insensitivity to upticks in value is associated with the disposition effect.
Self-face evaluation and self-esteem in young females: an fMRI study using contrast effect.
The link between visual exploration and neuronal activity: a multi-modal study combining eye tracking, functional magnetic resonance imaging and transcranial magnetic stimulation.
Single pulse TMS induced disruption to right and left parietal cortex on addition and multiplication.
Extensive abnormality of brain white matter integrity in pathological gambling
I won, but I'm not getting my hopes up: depression moderates the relationship of outcomes and reward anticipation.
Major depressive disorder is characterized by greater reward network activation to monetary than pleasant image rewards.
Neural correlates of emotional recognition memory in schizophrenia: effects of valence and arousal.
Prefrontal hyperactivation during a working memory task in early-onset schizophrenia spectrum disorders: an fMRI study.
Assessment of white matter abnormalities in paranoid schizophrenia and bipolar mania patients.
The potato chip really does look like Elvis! Neural hallmarks of conceptual processing associated with finding novel shapes subjectively meaningful.
Corticosteroid induced decoupling of the amygdala in men.
Sensory handedness is not reflected in cortical responses after basic nerve stimulation: a MEG study.
Reduced fronto-cerebellar functional connectivity in chronic alcoholic patients
Neural dissociation in processing noise and accent in spoken language comprehension.
Functional development of fronto-striato-parietal networks associated with time perception.
Atypical frontal lobe activity during verbal working memory in youth with a family history of alcoholism.
A key role for experimental task performance: effects of math talent, gender and performance on the neural correlates of mental rotation.
Socially excluded individuals fail to recruit medial prefrontal cortex for negative social scenes.
The sound of consciousness: neural underpinnings of auditory perception.
Functional neural correlates of psychometric schizotypy: an fMRI study of antisaccades.
Restraint of appetite and reduced regional brain volumes in anorexia nervosa: a voxel-based morphometric study
Incidental encoding of goal irrelevant information is associated with insufficient engagement of the dorsal frontal cortex and the inferior parietal cortex.
Occipital cortical thickness predicts performance on pitch and musical tasks in blind individuals.
Dissociation between verbal response initiation and suppression after prefrontal lesions.
Evidence for thalamic involvement in the thermal grill illusion: an FMRI study.
Do brain responses to emotional images and cigarette cues differ? An fMRI study in smokers.
Structural Integrity of the Prefrontal Cortex Modulates Electrocortical Sensitivity to Reward
Impairments of Speech Fluency in Lewy Body Spectrum Disorder
Effect of visual experience on structural organization of the human brain: A voxel based morphometric study using DARTEL
Striatal topography of probability and magnitude information for decisions under uncertainty.
Changes in cortical activation in craniomandibular disorders during splint therapy – A single subject fMRI study
Analyses of regional-average activation and multivoxel pattern information tell complementary stories.
A Tale of Two Itches. Common Features and Notable Differences in Brain Activation Evoked by Cowhage And Histamine Induced Itch
When do you grasp the idea? MEG evidence for instantaneous idiom understanding.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of the fMRI investigation of autism spectrum disorders.
Neural signatures of economic parameters during decision-making: a functional MRI (FMRI), electroencephalography (EEG) and autonomic monitoring study.
Influence of periodontal afferent inputs for human cerebral blood oxygenation during jaw movements.
The influence of visual training on predicting complex action sequences.
Neural events leading to and associated with detection of sounds under high processing load.
How does interoceptive awareness interact with the subjective experience of emotion? An fMRI study.
The cerebral representation of temporomandibular joint occlusion and its alternation by occlusal splints.
The nature and time-course of medial temporal lobe contributions to semantic retrieval: an fMRI study on verbal fluency.
Identifying a Network of Brain Regions Involved in Aversion-Related Processing: A Cross-Species Translational Investigation
Working memory in attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder is characterized by a lack of specialization of brain function.
BMI not WHR modulates BOLD fMRI responses in a sub-cortical reward network when participants judge the attractiveness of human female bodies.
Network asymmetry of motor areas revealed by resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Emotional faces and the default mode network.
Neural correlates of disgust- and fear-conditioned responses
Cortical thickness changes following spatial navigation training in adulthood and aging
Segregated and overlapping neural circuits exist for the production of static and dynamic precision grip force.
Altered neural activation in ornithine transcarbamylase deficiency during executive cognition: an fMRI study.
ICA-fNORM: Spatial Normalization of fMRI Data Using Intrinsic Group-ICA Networks.
Music and emotions in the brain: familiarity matters.
Synchronized drumming enhances activity in the caudate and facilitates prosocial commitment--if the rhythm comes easily.
An fMRI study on the role of serotonin in reactive aggression.
Limbic scars: long-term consequences of childhood maltreatment revealed by functional and structural magnetic resonance imaging.
Facial emotion processing in patients with schizophrenia and their non-psychotic siblings: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Writer's cramp: increased dorsal premotor activity during intended writing.
Mindful attention reduces neural and self-reported cue-induced craving in smokers.
Judgment before principle: engagement of the frontoparietal control network in condemning harms of omission.
Culture-related differences in default network activity during visuo-spatial judgments.
Where is ELSA? The early to late shift in aging.
Long-term music training tunes how the brain temporally binds signals from multiple senses.
Functionally specific changes in resting-state sensorimotor networks after motor learning.
Decoding effector-dependent and effector-independent movement intentions from human parieto-frontal brain activity.
Dividing the self: distinct neural substrates of task-based and automatic self-prioritization after brain damage.
Right-hemispheric cortical contributions to language ability in healthy adults.
Functional connectivity mapping of the human precuneus by resting state fMRI.
Large-scale brain networks emerge from dynamic processing of musical timbre, key and rhythm
Establishing propositional truth-value in counterfactual and real-world contexts during sentence comprehension: differential sensitivity of the left and right inferior frontal gyri.
Using a shoe as a plant pot: neural correlates of passive conceptual expansion.
Calorie restriction reduces psychological stress reactivity and its association with brain volume and microstructure in aged rhesus monkeys
Modulation of CNS pain circuitry by intravenous and sublingual doses of buprenorphine.
Age-related changes in causal interactions between cortical motor regions during hand grip.
Role of hippocampal CA1 atrophy in memory encoding deficits in amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment.
The postcentral gyrus shows sustained fMRI activation during the tactile motion aftereffect.
The relationship of resting cerebral blood flow and brain activation during a social cognition task in adolescents with chronic moderate to severe traumatic brain injury: a preliminary investigation
Localization of the hand motor area by arterial spin labeling and blood oxygen level-dependent functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Specificity of esthetic experience for artworks: an FMRI study.
Stress response in postpartum women with and without obsessive–compulsive symptoms: an fMRI study
Suggested visual hallucination without hypnosis enhances activity in visual areas of the brain
Reading salt activates gustatory brain regions: fMRI evidence for semantic grounding in a novel sensory modality.
Brain mechanisms for processing affective touch.
The function of the left angular gyrus in mental arithmetic: evidence from the associative confusion effect.
Anatomy of Human Sensory Cortices Reflects Inter-Individual Variability in Time Estimation
Rapid transfer of abstract rules to novel contexts in human lateral prefrontal cortex.
Motivational salience modulates hippocampal repetition suppression and functional connectivity in humans.
Premotor cortex is sensitive to auditory-visual congruence for biological motion.
Effects of vocoding and intelligibility on the cerebral response to speech
Gray matter volume abnormalities in individuals with cognitive vulnerability to depression: a voxel-based morphometry study.
Foreign accent syndrome: A multimodal mapping study
Closely overlapping responses to tools and hands in left lateral occipitotemporal cortex.
Neural correlates of trial-to-trial fluctuations in response caution.
Parietal cortex and insula relate to evidence seeking relevant to reward-related decisions.
The neural basis of predicting the outcomes of imagined actions.
The human likeness dimension of the "uncanny valley hypothesis": behavioral and functional MRI findings.
Neural correlates of effective learning in experienced medical decision-makers.
Distinct critical cerebellar subregions for components of verbal working memory.
High responsivity to threat during the initial stage of perception in repression: a 3 T fMRI study.
You can count on the motor cortex: finger counting habits modulate motor cortex activation evoked by numbers.
Smaller Regional Gray Matter Volume in Homeless African American Cocaine-Dependent Men: A Preliminary Report
Neural mechanisms mediating the effects of expectation in visceral placebo analgesia: an fMRI study in healthy placebo responders and nonresponders.
Frontal regional homogeneity increased and temporal regional homogeneity decreased after remission of first-episode drug-naive major depressive disorder with panic disorder patients under duloxetine t
PER2 rs2304672 polymorphism moderates circadian-relevant reward circuitry activity in adolescents.
Co-localisation of abnormal brain structure and function in specific language impairment.
Mechanisms underlying muscle fatigue differ between multiple sclerosis patients and controls: a combined electrophysiological and neuroimaging study.
Frontoparietal connectivity in substance-naive youth with and without a family history of alcoholism.
Remembering first impressions: effects of intentionality and diagnosticity on subsequent memory.
Body Mass Index Correlates Negatively With White Matter Integrity in The Fornix And Corpus Callosum: A Diffusion Tensor Imaging Study
Associations among parenting experiences during childhood and adolescence, hypothalamus-pituitary-adrenal axis hypoactivity, and hippocampal gray matter volume reduction in young adults.
Different roles of the posterior inferior frontal gyrus in Chinese character form judgment differences between literate and illiterate individuals.
The lateralization of motor cortex activation to action-words.
Neural Correlates of Inter-Trial Priming and Role-Reversal in Visual Search
A Functional MRI Study of Happy and Sad Emotions in Music with and without Lyrics
Modulating the Focus of Attention for Spoken Words at Encoding Affects Frontoparietal Activation for Incidental Verbal Memory
Voxel-wise meta-analysis of fMRI studies in patients at clinical high risk for psychosis
Rearranging the world: Neural networks supporting the processing of temporal connectives
Striatal activations signal prediction errors on confidence in the absence of external feedback.
Task-specific modulation of effective connectivity during two simple unimanual motor tasks: a 122-channel EEG study.
Semantic Processing and Thought Disorder in Childhood-Onset Schizophrenia: Insights from fMRI
Abnormal Functional Connectivity in Children with Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder
Sex similarities and differences in pain-related periaqueductal gray connectivity.
Repetition learning of vibrotactile temporal sequences: an fMRI study in blind and sighted individuals.
A sensitive period for language in the visual cortex: distinct patterns of plasticity in congenitally versus late blind adults.
Prism adaptation enhances activity of intact fronto-parietal areas in both hemispheres in neglect patients.
Distinct roles of the 'shared pain' and 'theory of mind' networks in processing others' emotional suffering.
Genetic influences on thinning of the cerebral cortex during development.
Somatosensory activation of two fingers can be discriminated with ultrahigh-density diffuse optical tomography.
Functional organization of the left inferior precentral sulcus: dissociating the inferior frontal eye field and the inferior frontal junction.
The effects of exercise on the neuronal response to food cues
Negative BOLD signal changes in ipsilateral primary somatosensory cortex are associated with perfusion decreases and behavioral evidence for functional inhibition.
From novel to familiar: tuning the brain for metaphors.
The neural correlates of gist-based true and false recognition.
Cortical activation changes underlying stimulation-induced behavioural gains in chronic stroke.
Increased anterior cingulate cortex and hippocampus activation in Complex PTSD during encoding of negative words.
Can we share the joy of others? Empathic neural responses to distress vs joy.
Functional connectivity between amygdala and facial regions involved in recognition of facial threat.
Altered brain activation during visuomotor integration in chronic active cannabis users: relationship to cortisol levels.
Age-related changes in right middle frontal gyrus volume correlate with altered episodic retrieval activity.
Felt and seen pain evoke the same local patterns of cortical activity in insular and cingulate cortex.
First-pass selectivity for semantic categories in human anteroventral temporal lobe.
Hippocampal activity is associated with self-descriptiveness effect in memory, whereas self-reference effect in memory depends on medial prefrontal activity.
Neural correlates of creative writing: an fMRI study.
Anatomical and functional overlap within the insula and anterior cingulate cortex during interoception and phobic symptom provocation.
Abnormal Left-Sided Orbitomedial Prefrontal Cortical–Amygdala Connectivity during Happy and Fear Face Processing: A Potential Neural Mechanism of Female MDD
Neural Correlates of Stroop Performance in Alzheimer's Disease: A FDG-PET Study
Stimulus-dependent adjustment of reward prediction error in the midbrain.
fMRI reactivity on a delay discounting task predicts weight gain in obese women
Differential cortical activation during saccadic adaptation.
Dynamic reconfiguration of structural and functional connectivity across core neurocognitive brain networks with development
The association between aerobic fitness and executive function is mediated by prefrontal cortex volume
Pain attenuation through mindfulness is associated with decreased cognitive control and increased sensory processing in the brain.
Praxis and language are linked: Evidence from co-lateralization in individuals with atypical language dominance
Extraversion Is Linked to Volume of the Orbitofrontal Cortex and Amygdala
The neural correlates of emotional prosody comprehension: disentangling simple from complex emotion.
Convergent evidence from multimodal imaging reveals amygdala abnormalities in schizophrenic patients and their first-degree relatives.
Resting-state brain organization revealed by functional covariance networks.
Evidence of a dissociation pattern in resting-state default mode network connectivity in first-episode, treatment-naive major depression patients.
Changes in the regional homogeneity of resting-state brain activity in minimal hepatic encephalopathy.
Functional dissociation of pre-SMA and SMA-proper in temporal processing
Mapping aesthetic musical emotions in the brain.
Modelling neural correlates of working memory: A coordinate-based meta-analysis
Brain source connectivity reveals the visceral pain network.
Regional homogeneity of resting state fMRI signals predicts Stop signal task performance.
Resting-state fMRI study of treatment-naive temporal lobe epilepsy patients with depressive symptoms.
The neural basis of impossible figures: evidence from an fMRI study of the two-pronged trident.
Non-Fluent Speech in Frontotemporal Lobar Degeneration
Brain activity patterns uniquely supporting visual feature integration after traumatic brain injury.
Executive deficits are related to the inferior frontal junction in early dementia
It's not what you say but the way that you say it: an fMRI study of differential lexical and non-lexical prosodic pitch processing
Visuo-haptic neuronal convergence demonstrated with an inversely effective pattern of BOLD activation.
Integration of "what" and "where" in frontal cortex during visual imagery of scenes.
Reward circuitry function in autism during face anticipation and outcomes.
Brain Alterations and Mini-Mental State Examination in Patients with Progressive Supranuclear Palsy: Voxel-Based Investigations Using 18F-Fluorodeoxyglucose Positron Emission Tomography and Magnetic Resonance Imaging
The anterior superior parietal lobule and its interactions with language and motor areas during writing.
Functional connectivity in cortical regions in dementia with Lewy bodies and Alzheimer's disease.
Effects of ketamine-induced psychopathological symptoms on continuous overt rhyme fluency.
Investigating the long-lasting residual effect of a set shift on frontostriatal activity.
Long-term follow-up of febrile infection-related epilepsy syndrome.
The central role of the temporo-parietal junction and the superior longitudinal fasciculus in supporting multi-item competition: evidence from lesion-symptom mapping of extinction.
Sibutramine promotes amygdala activity under fasting conditions in obese women.
Information content and reward processing in the human striatum during performance of a declarative memory task.
Behavioral Risk Elicits Selective Activation of the Executive System in Adolescents: Clinical Implications
How doctors generate diagnostic hypotheses: a study of radiological diagnosis with functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Colateralization of Broca's area and the visual word form area in left-handers: fMRI evidence.
Tempo-spatial analysis of vision-related acupoint specificity in the occipital lobe using fMRI: an ICA study.
Task difficulty modulates young-old differences in network expression.
Neuroimaging of the periaqueductal gray: state of the field.
The functional connectivity of the human caudate: An application of meta-analytic connectivity modeling with behavioral filtering
Neuronal correlates of reduced memory performance in overweight subjects.
Orbitofrontal reward sensitivity and impulsivity in adult attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.
Neural correlates of wishful thinking.
Great expectations: neural computations underlying the use of social norms in decision-making.
Social anxiety modulates amygdala activation during social conditioning.
Role of the striatum in language: Syntactic and conceptual sequencing.
Neural reactivity tracks fear generalization gradients.
Neural correlates of numbers and mathematical terms
Methylphenidate modulates sustained attention and cortical activation in survivors of traumatic brain injury: a perfusion fMRI study.
Cognitive Rehabilitation in Parkinson’s Disease: Evidence from Neuroimaging
Can clouds dance? Neural correlates of passive conceptual expansion using a metaphor processing task: Implications for creative cognition.
Endogenous cortisol is associated with functional connectivity between the amygdala and medial prefrontal cortex
Distributed sensitivity for movement amplitude in directionally tuned neuronal populations.
Brain activation during spatial updating and attentive tracking of moving targets.
Volumetric variation in subregions of the cerebellum correlates with working memory performance.
Neural activation during facial emotion processing in unmedicated bipolar depression, euthymia, and mania.
Functional magnetic resonance imaging correlates of emotional word encoding and recognition in depression and anxiety disorders.
False belief and verb non-factivity: a common neural basis?
Postprandial plasma PYY concentrations are associated with increased regional gray matter volume and rCBF declines in caudate nuclei--a combined MRI and H2(15)O PET study.
Inflection in action: Semantic motor system activation to noun- and verb-containing phrases is modulated by the presence of overt grammatical markers.
Neural substrates of smoking cue reactivity: A meta-analysis of fMRI studies
Resting cerebral metabolism correlates with skin conductance and functional brain activation during fear conditioning.
Orthographic Contamination of Broca’s Area
Reduced striatal activation during reward anticipation due to appetite-provoking cues in chronic schizophrenia: a fMRI study.
Cortical thickness and folding deficits in conduct-disordered adolescents.
The effects of stimulant medication on working memory functional connectivity in attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.
Meta-analytical definition and functional connectivity of the human vestibular cortex.
Cortical plasticity for visuospatial processing and object recognition in deaf and hearing signers.
Emotion disrupts neural activity during selective attention in psychopathy.
Cortical activation changes in patients suffering from post-stroke arm spasticity and treated with botulinum toxin a.
Resting Functional Connectivity of Language Networks: Characterization and Reproducibility
Frontotemporoparietal asymmetry and lack of illness awareness in schizophrenia.
Aberrant hippocampal subregion networks associated with the classifications of aMCI subjects: a longitudinal resting-state study.
Statistical epistasis and functional brain imaging support a role of voltage-gated potassium channels in human memory.
Age-related neural dedifferentiation in the motor system.
Reduced Cortical Thickness in Mental Retardation
Altered networks in bothersome tinnitus: a functional connectivity study
SENTENCE PROCESSING IN LEWY BODY SPECTRUM DISORDER: THE ROLE OF WORKING MEMORY
Reduced prefrontal-parietal effective connectivity and working memory deficits in schizophrenia.
The neural predictors of choice preference in intertemporal choice.
A Prospective Functional MRI Study for Executive Function in Patients with Systemic Lupus Erythematosus Without Neuropsychiatric Symptoms
fMRI responses to emotional faces in children and adolescents at genetic risk for psychiatric illness share some of the features of depression.
Are you upset? Distinct roles for orbitofrontal and lateral prefrontal cortex in detecting and distinguishing facial expressions of emotion.
Landmark sequencing and route knowledge: an fMRI study.
Evaluation of the screening power of Cognitive Abilities Screening Instrument for probable Alzheimer's disease using voxel-based morphometry
Structural and functional evaluation of cortical motor areas in Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
Abnormal connectivity between attentional, language and auditory networks in schizophrenia.
Differential effects of surface area, gyrification and cortical thickness on voxel based morphometric deficits in schizophrenia
The NOS1 variant rs6490121 is associated with variation in prefrontal function and grey matter density in healthy individuals.
Imaging first impressions: distinct neural processing of verbal and nonverbal social information.
Limbic responses to reward cues correlate with antisocial trait density in heavy drinkers.
Acupuncture--deep pain with an autonomic dimension?
Neural mechanisms underlying the conditioned diminution of the unconditioned fear response.
Cortical correlates of self-generation in verbal paired associate learning.
Complex-number representation of informed basis functions in general linear modeling of Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging.
Support vector machine classification and characterization of age-related reorganization of functional brain networks
Multivariate pattern analysis reveals common neural patterns across individuals during touch observation.
The development of emotion regulation: an fMRI study of cognitive reappraisal in children, adolescents and young adults.
Facing puberty: associations between pubertal development and neural responses to affective facial displays.
Human memory manipulated: dissociating factors contributing to MTL activity, an fMRI study.
Medial prefrontal functional connectivity--relation to memory self-appraisal accuracy in older adults with and without memory disorders.
Neural correlates of fear of movement in high and low fear-avoidant chronic low back pain patients: An event-related fMRI study
Fighting food temptations: the modulating effects of short-term cognitive reappraisal, suppression and up-regulation on mesocorticolimbic activity related to appetitive motivation.
Neural systems for guilt from actions affecting self versus others.
Species-specific response to human infant faces in the premotor cortex.
At the rhythm of language: brain bases of language-related frequency perception in children.
Changes in white matter integrity follow excitatory rTMS treatment of post-stroke aphasia
The effects of exercise on cigarette cravings and brain activation in response to smoking-related images.
Guanfacine effects on stress, drug craving and prefrontal activation in cocaine dependent individuals: preliminary findings
Acting alters visual processing: flexible recruitment of visual areas by one's own actions.
The Left Occipitotemporal Cortex Does Not Show Preferential Activity for Words
A Functional and Structural Investigation of the Human Fronto-Basal Volitional Saccade Network
Predicting conceptual processing capacity from spontaneous neuronal activity of the left middle temporal gyrus.
Neural prediction errors reveal a risk-sensitive reinforcement-learning process in the human brain.
Motor-Cortical Interaction in Gilles de la Tourette Syndrome
Abnormal activity in the precuneus during time perception in Parkinson's disease: an fMRI study.
Circadian preference modulates the neural substrate of conflict processing across the day.
The neural substrates of memory suppression: a FMRI exploration of directed forgetting.
Disrupted functional brain connectivity in partial epilepsy: a resting-state fMRI study.
Monitoring the mind: the neurocognitive correlates of metamemory.
Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder in childhood epilepsy: a neuropsychological and functional imaging study.
Quantitative EEG and LORETA: valuable tools in discerning FTD from AD?
Structural abnormalities in the cuneus associated with Herpes Simplex Virus (type 1) infection in people at ultra high risk of developing psychosis.
Cognitive conflict in a syllable identification task causes transient activation of speech perception area.
Language lateralisation in late proficient bilinguals: a lexical decision fMRI study.
fMRI evidence for strategic decision-making during resolution of pronoun reference.
Multivariate pattern classification of gray matter pathology in multiple sclerosis.
Taste laterality studied by means of umami and salt stimuli: an fMRI study.
Changes in regional cerebral blood flow and functional connectivity in the cholinergic pathway associated with cognitive performance in subjects with mild Alzheimer's disease after 12-week donepezil t
Neural basis of phonological processing in second language reading: an fMRI study of Chinese regularity effect.
Maturation of task-induced brain activation and long range functional connectivity in adolescence revealed by multivariate pattern classification.
fMRI in patients with lumbar disc disease: a paradigm to study patients over time
Human auditory cortex is sensitive to the perceived clarity of speech.
Task by stimulus interactions in brain responses during Chinese character processing
Interactions between transient and sustained neural signals support the generation and regulation of anxious emotion.
Dissociation between unconscious motor response facilitation and conflict in medial frontal areas.
Recognition memory for Braille or spoken words: an fMRI study in early blind.
Impact of the Genome Wide Supported NRGN Gene on Anterior Cingulate Morphology in Schizophrenia
Abnormal White Matter Integrity in Adolescents with Internet Addiction Disorder: A Tract-Based Spatial Statistics Study
Enhanced amygdala reactivity to emotional faces in adults reporting childhood emotional maltreatment.
Individual differences in neural correlates of fear conditioning as a function of 5-HTTLPR and stressful life events.
Disgust trait modulates frontal-posterior coupling as a function of disgust domain.
Electrophysiological Evidence for Ventral Stream Deficits in Schizophrenia Patients
Neural correlates of a single-session massage treatment.
Learning acts on distinct processes for visual form perception in the human brain.
Where the mass counts: common cortical activation for different kinds of nonsingularity.
Representations of facial identity in the left hemisphere require right hemisphere processing.
Viewpoint (in)dependence of action representations: an MVPA study.
Frontal lobe changes occur early in the course of affective disorders in young people
Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study Comparing Rhythmic Finger Tapping in Children and Adults
Risperidone and Divalproex Differentially Engage the Fronto-Striato-Temporal Circuitry in Pediatric Mania: A Pharmacological fMRI Study
Estradiol treatment altered anticholinergic-related brain activation during working memory in postmenopausal women.
Speech comprehension aided by multiple modalities: behavioural and neural interactions
Cooperative interactions between hippocampal and striatal systems support flexible navigation.
Cortical thickness in primary sensorimotor cortex influences the effectiveness of paired associative stimulation.
Stronger activation and deactivation in archery experts for differential cognitive strategy in visuospatial working memory processing.
Attentional Modulation of Primary Interoceptive and Exteroceptive Cortices
Autistic traits are associated with diminished neural response to affective touch
Neural development of mentalizing in moral judgment from adolescence to adulthood
Reduced caudate volume and enhanced striatal-DMN integration in chess experts.
Impaired executive function signals in motor brain regions in Parkinson's disease
The "why" and "how" of JointICA: results from a visual detection task.
A voxel-based morphometry study comparing problem gamblers, alcohol abusers, and healthy controls.
Parsing the neural correlates of moral cognition: ALE meta-analysis on morality, theory of mind, and empathy
Implicit signals in small group settings and their impact on the expression of cognitive capacity and associated brain responses
Extensive stimulus repetition leads older adults to show delayed functional magnetic resonance imaging adaptation.
Out of touch with reality? Social perception in first-episode schizophrenia.
Affect-specific activation of shared networks for perception and execution of facial expressions.
Human parietofrontal networks related to action observation detected at rest.
Remapping the brain to compensate for impairment in recovering alcoholics.
Modular Organization of Functional Network Connectivity in Healthy Controls and Patients with Schizophrenia during the Resting State.
Subjecting elite athletes to inspiratory breathing load reveals behavioral and neural signatures of optimal performers in extreme environments.
Functional brain network modularity captures inter- and intra-individual variation in working memory capacity.
Resting-state brain activity in adult males who stutter.
A simultaneous ERP/fMRI investigation of the P300 aging effect.
Automated classification of fMRI during cognitive control identifies more severely disorganized subjects with schizophrenia.
Causal interactions in attention networks predict behavioral performance.
Neural correlates of covert and overt production of tense and agreement morphology: Evidence from fMRI
From Reference to Sense: How the Brain Encodes Meaning for Speaking
Individual differences in skilled adult readers reveal dissociable patterns of neural activity associated with component processes of reading.
Mesolimbic recruitment by nondrug rewards in detoxified alcoholics: effort anticipation, reward anticipation, and reward delivery.
The role of left inferior frontal gyrus in explicit and implicit semantic processing.
Neural dissociation of phonological and visual attention span disorders in developmental dyslexia: FMRI evidence from two case reports.
Multiple sensitivity profiles to diversity and transition structure in non-stationary input.
Real-time fMRI-based neurofeedback reinforces causality of attention networks.
Structural studies of the hypothalamus and its nuclei in mood disorders.
Sex differences in anterior cingulate cortex activation during impulse inhibition and behavioral correlates.
Broca's area and sentence comprehension: a relationship parasitic on dependency, displacement or predictability?
Bilateral reorganization of posterior temporal cortices in post-lingual deafness and its relation to cochlear implant outcome.
Visual cognition in disorders of consciousness: from V1 to top-down attention.
Disentangling self- and fairness-related neural mechanisms involved in the ultimatum game: an fMRI study.
Why are you looking like that? How the context influences evaluation and processing of human faces.
Controlling conflict from interfering long-term memory representations.
Overlap between the neural correlates of cued recall and source memory: evidence for a generic recollection network?
The human ventromedial prefrontal cortex is critical for transitive inference.
Stretched, jumped, and fell: an fMRI investigation of reflexive verbs and other intransitives.
Exploring resting-state functional connectivity with total interdependence.
Social status modulates neural activity in the mentalizing network.
Disorder-specific functional abnormalities during sustained attention in youth with Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) and with Autism
Late-life obesity is associated with smaller global and regional gray matter volumes: a voxel-based morphometric study
Imbalanced neural responsivity to risk and reward indicates stress vulnerability in humans.
Using large-scale neural models to interpret connectivity measures of cortico-cortical dynamics at millisecond temporal resolution
Arousal Modulates Activity in the Medial Temporal Lobe during a Short-Term Relational Memory Task.
Altered Cortico-Striatal–Thalamic Connectivity in Relation to Spatial Working Memory Capacity in Children with ADHD
The Limbic-Prefrontal Network Modulated by Electroacupuncture at CV4 and CV12
On the functional anatomy of the urge-for-action
Distinct neural networks underlie encoding of categorical versus coordinate spatial relations during active navigation.
Functional activity of the right temporo-parietal junction and of the medial prefrontal cortex associated with true and false belief reasoning.
The salience network contributes to an individual's fluid reasoning capacity.
Grey matter volume alterations in CADASIL: a voxel-based morphometry study
A VBM study demonstrating ‘apparent’ effects of a single dose of medication on T1-weighted MRIs
Neural correlates of humor detection and appreciation in children.
Electrical brain stimulation improves cognitive performance by modulating functional connectivity and task-specific activation.
Goal-directed behavior under emotional distraction is preserved by enhanced task-specific activation.
Leukoencephalopathies in mitochondrial disorders: clinical and MRI findings.
Temporal lobe epilepsy with amygdala enlargement: a morphologic and functional study.
Levodopa influences striatal activity but does not affect cortical hyper-activity in Parkinson's disease.
Alertness network in patients with temporal lobe epilepsy: A fMRI study
Metaphorically feeling: comprehending textural metaphors activates somatosensory cortex.
Within-limb somatotopic organization in human SI and parietal operculum for the leg: an fMRI study.
Dual-tasking alleviated sleep deprivation disruption in visuomotor tracking: an fMRI study.
Diffusion tensor imaging in attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Age-related differences in the brain areas outside the classical language areas among adults using category decision task.
Reactivation of visual cortex during memory retrieval: content specificity and emotional modulation.
Steady-state responses in MEG demonstrate information integration within but not across the auditory and visual senses.
Age of onset of marijuana use impacts inhibitory processing.
Neural correlates of the core facets of empathy in schizophrenia.
Embodied empathy for tactile events: Interindividual differences and vicarious somatosensory responses during touch observation.
Interaction of COMT val158met and externalizing behavior: relation to prefrontal brain activity and behavioral performance.
Brain 'talks over' boring quotes: top-down activation of voice-selective areas while listening to monotonous direct speech quotations.
Alterations of the amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations in treatment-resistant and treatment-response depression: A resting-state fMRI study
Dissociable neural representations of reinforcement and belief prediction errors underlie strategic learning.
Functional characteristics of developmental dyslexia in left-hemispheric posterior brain regions predate reading onset.
Phoneme and word recognition in the auditory ventral stream.
Memantine, an NMDA receptor antagonist, differentially influences Go/No-Go performance and fMRI activity in individuals with and without a family history of alcoholism.
The neural manifestation of the word concreteness effect: An electrical neuroimaging study
A Meta-analysis of Executive Components of Working Memory
Social Anxiety Modulates Risk Sensitivity through Activity in the Anterior Insula
Anatomical and functional deficits in patients with amnestic mild cognitive impairment.
Introspective Minds: Using ALE Meta-Analyses to Study Commonalities in the Neural Correlates of Emotional Processing, Social & Unconstrained Cognition
Dorsal striatum and its limbic connectivity mediate abnormal anticipatory reward processing in obesity.
Yohimbine-induced amygdala activation in pathological gamblers: a pilot study.
Altered cortical morphology in sensorimotor processing regions in adolescents and adults with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.
Spatial working memory dysfunction in minimal hepatic encephalopathy: an ethology and BOLD-fMRI study.
Response inhibition in adults and teenagers: Spatiotemporal differences in the prefrontal cortex
Regional brain responses to pleasant and unpleasant IAPS pictures: different networks.
The Simon effect modulates N2cc and LRP but not the N2pc component
Optimization of contrast detection power with probabilistic behavioral information.
FMRI reveals abnormal central processing of sensory and pain stimuli in ill Gulf War veterans
Investigating causality between interacting brain areas with multivariate autoregressive models of MEG sensor data.
The role of chunk tightness and chunk familiarity in problem solving: evidence from ERPs and fMRI.
Relating Brain Damage to Brain Plasticity in Patients With Multiple Sclerosis
Early gamma-band activity as a function of threat processing in the extrastriate visual cortex
Cue-Elicited Craving in Heroin Addicts at Different Abstinent Time: An fMRI Pilot Study
Specialization of the posterior temporal lobes for audio-motor processing - evidence from a functional magnetic resonance imaging study of skilled drummers.
Neural correlates of working memory in Temporal Lobe Epilepsy--an fMRI study.
Test-retest reliability of evoked BOLD signals from a cognitive-emotive fMRI test battery.
Defining face perception areas in the human brain: a large-scale factorial fMRI face localizer analysis.
Localization of cerebral functional deficits in patients with obsessive-compulsive disorder: a resting-state fMRI study.
The dynamics of change in striatal activity following updating training.
fMRI Reactivity to High-Calorie Food Pictures Predicts Short- and Long-Term Outcome in a Weight-Loss Program
Processing of emotional distraction is both automatic and modulated by attention: evidence from an event-related fMRI investigation.
Lateral frontal cortex volume reduction in Tourette syndrome revealed by VBM
Diminished frontostriatal activity during processing of monetary rewards and losses in pathological gambling.
Developmental changes in the inferior frontal cortex for selecting semantic representations
Frequent ice cream consumption is associated with reduced striatal response to receipt of an ice cream–based milkshake
Neural control of fundamental frequency rise and fall in Mandarin tones
Structural correlates of auditory hallucinations in schizophrenia: a meta-analysis.
Visuospatial processing in early Alzheimer's disease: A multimodal neuroimaging study.
The neural bases of acquisitiveness: decisions to acquire and discard everyday goods differ across frames, items, and individuals.
l-DOPA changes ventral striatum recruitment during motor sequence learning in Parkinson's disease.
Dynamic changes of ICA-derived EEG functional connectivity in the resting state.
Disentangling motor execution from motor imagery with the phantom limb.
Situation and person attributions under spontaneous and intentional instructions: an fMRI study
Serotonin transporter genotype modulates cognitive reappraisal of negative emotions: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Neural Specificity for Grammatical Operations is Revealed by Content-Independent fMR Adaptation
Whole Genome Resequencing Reveals Natural Target Site Preferences of Transposable Elements in Drosophila melanogaster
Investigating unique environmental contributions to the neural representation of written words: a monozygotic twin study.
Neural mechanisms underlying the induction and relief of perceptual curiosity.
Neural correlates of recognition memory in children with febrile seizures: evidence from functional magnetic resonance imaging.
The parametric, psychological, neuropsychological, and neuroanatomical properties of self and world evaluation.
Using confirmatory factor analysis to measure contemporaneous activation of defined neuronal networks in functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Differentiating maturational and training influences on fMRI activation during music processing.
Abnormal default-mode network in angiotensin converting enzyme D allele carriers with remitted geriatric depression.
Age-related differences in cortical recruitment and suppression: implications for cognitive performance.
Aberrant anterior cingulate activation in obsessive-compulsive disorder is related to task complexity.
Translocation of the embodied self without visuospatial neglect.
Empathic choice involves vmPFC value signals that are modulated by social processing implemented in IPL.
Insular and hippocampal contributions to remembering people with an impression of bad personality.
Exploring the neural correlates of visual creativity.
Prefrontal dopamine levels determine the balance between cognitive stability and flexibility.
Is there a link between childhood trauma, cognition, and amygdala and hippocampus volume in first-episode psychosis?
Rat brains also have a default mode network.
Empathy for the social suffering of friends and strangers recruits distinct patterns of brain activation.
Striatal intrinsic reinforcement signals during recognition memory: relationship to response bias and dysregulation in schizophrenia.
The function and organization of lateral prefrontal cortex: a test of competing hypotheses.
Working together may be better: activation of reward centers during a cooperative maze task.
When a photograph can be heard: Vision activates the auditory cortex within 110 ms
Bringing the real world into the fMRI scanner: Repetition effects for pictures versus real objects
Linking pain and the body: neural correlates of visually induced analgesia.
Neurochemical enhancement of conscious error awareness.
Visuotopic cortical connectivity underlying attention revealed with white-matter tractography.
Interleaved practice enhances skill learning and the functional connectivity of fronto-parietal networks.
Auditory stroop and absolute pitch: an fMRI study.
Interoceptive awareness enhances neural activity during empathy.
The organization of intrinsic brain activity differs between genders: a resting-state fMRI study in a large cohort of young healthy subjects.
Attachment models affect brain responses in areas related to emotions and empathy in nulliparous women.
The Neuronal Correlates of Digits Backward Are Revealed by Voxel-Based Morphometry and Resting-State Functional Connectivity Analyses
Encoding and Recognition after TBI: Neuropsychological and fMRI Findings
The superior temporal sulcus differentiates communicative and noncommunicative auditory signals.
Neural mechanisms mediating contingent capture of attention by affective stimuli.
White matter microstructural changes of thalamocortical networks in photosensitivity and idiopathic generalized epilepsy.
Dissociable large-scale networks anchored in the right anterior insula subserve affective experience and attention.
The role of the left anterior temporal lobe in exception word reading: reconciling patient and neuroimaging findings.
Neural correlates of feigned memory impairment are distinguishable from answering randomly and answering incorrectly: an fMRI and behavioral study.
Structure-function relationship of working memory activity with hippocampal and prefrontal cortex volumes.
Neuronal correlates of social cognition in borderline personality disorder.
Brain structural and functional correlates of resilience to Bipolar Disorder.
Beyond natural numbers: negative number representation in parietal cortex.
The effect of the visual context in the recognition of symbolic gestures.
Tracking down abstract linguistic meaning: neural correlates of spatial frame of reference ambiguities in language.
The neural correlates of picture naming facilitated by auditory repetition
Resting metabolic connectivity in prodromal Alzheimer's disease. A European Alzheimer Disease Consortium (EADC) project
Concordance of MEG and fMRI patterns in adolescents during verb generation.
Altered ventral striatal activation during reward and punishment processing in premanifest Huntington's disease: A functional magnetic resonance study
Age effects on the P300 potential and the corresponding fMRI BOLD-signal.
Different patterns of language activation in post-stroke aphasia are detected by overt and covert versions of the verb generation fMRI task
On the recall of vestibular sensations.
A gene-brain-cognition pathway: prefrontal activity mediates the effect of COMT on cognitive control and IQ.
Cerebral correlates of salient prediction error for different rewards and punishments.
Reappraising the ultimatum: an fMRI study of emotion regulation and decision making.
Rule and similarity in grammar: their interplay and individual differences in the brain.
The correlation between brain gray matter volume and empathizing and systemizing quotients in healthy children.
Neuroanatomy of auditory verbal hallucinations in schizophrenia: a quantitative meta-analysis of voxel-based morphometry studies.
A resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study on the first-degree relatives of persons with schizophrenia.
Age-related neural differences in affiliation and isolation.
Evoked and intrinsic asymmetries during auditory attention: implications for the contralateral and neglect models of functioning.
Functional brain networks underlying perceptual switching: auditory streaming and verbal transformations
Positive Interaction of Social Comparison and Personal Responsibility for Outcomes
Individual differences in distraction by motion predicted by neural activity in MT/V5.
The neural correlates of the body-object interaction effect in semantic processing.
Neural correlates of temporal auditory processing in developmental dyslexia during German vowel length discrimination: an fMRI study.
Neural correlates of depressive realism--an fMRI study on causal attribution in depression.
Neural integration of speech and gesture in schizophrenia: evidence for differential processing of metaphoric gestures.
Writing affects the brain network of reading in Chinese: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Variation in the corticotropin-releasing hormone receptor 1 (CRHR1) gene influences fMRI signal responses during emotional stimulus processing.
The personality trait self-directedness predicts the amygdala’s reaction to appetizing cues in fMRI
Gray matter abnormalities in patients with premenstrual dysphoric disorder: an optimized voxel-based morphometry.
Own-gender imitation activates the brain's reward circuitry.
Neural correlates of focused attention during a brief mindfulness induction.
Neural correlates of visual aesthetics--beauty as the coalescence of stimulus and internal state.
Evidence for Altered Basal Ganglia-Brainstem Connections in Cervical Dystonia
Mood modulates auditory laterality of hemodynamic mismatch responses during dichotic listening.
Fronto-temporo-insula gray matter alterations of first-episode, drug-naïve and very late-onset panic disorder patients.
Reduced parietal activation in cervical dystonia after parietal TMS interleaved with fMRI
Parental substance abuse and function of the motivation and behavioral inhibition systems in drug-naive youth.
Structural deficits in the emotion circuit and cerebellum are associated with depression, anxiety and cognitive dysfunction in methadone maintenance patients: a voxel-based morphometric study.
Autobiographical memory in depression: an fMRI study.
A preliminary study of functional abnormalities in aMCI subjects during different episodic memory tasks
Changes in regional gray matter volume in women with chronic pelvic pain - a voxel based morphometry study
Cortical networks for vision and language in dyslexic and normal children of variable socio-economic status.
The anterior left inferior frontal gyrus contributes to semantic unification.
Catechol-O-methyltransferase gene variation: impact on amygdala response to aversive stimuli.
Visemic processing in audiovisual discrimination of natural speech: a simultaneous fMRI-EEG study.
Hemispheric asymmetries of functional connectivity and grey matter volume in the default mode network
Neural bases of falsification in conditional proposition testing: evidence from an fMRI study.
Brain activity associated with omission of an aversive event reveals the effects of fear learning and generalization
Negative affect and neural response to palatable food intake in bulimia nervosa
Body-part-specific representations of semantic noun categories.
Age-related neural reorganization during spoken word recognition: the interaction of form and meaning.
The path to memory is guided by strategy: distinct networks are engaged in associative encoding under visual and verbal strategy and influence memory performance in healthy and impaired individuals.
Trait impulsivity and prefrontal gray matter reductions in cocaine dependent individuals.
Self-esteem modulates dorsal anterior cingulate cortical response in self-referential processing.
Behavioural treatment increases activity in the cognitive neuronal networks in children with attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder.
Regional white matter volumes correlate with delay discounting.
Brain hypoactivation, autonomic nervous system dysregulation, and gonadal hormones in depression: a preliminary study.
Altered cerebral blood flow and neurocognitive correlates in adolescent cannabis users.
Nucleus accumbens response to incentive stimuli anticipation in children of alcoholics: relationships with precursive behavioral risk and lifetime alcohol use.
Dissociating visual form from lexical frequency using Japanese
Elevated amygdala activity to negative faces in young adults with early onset major depressive disorder.
Brain activation during the perception of stressful word stimuli concerning interpersonal relationships in anorexia nervosa patients with high degrees of alexithymia in an fMRI paradigm.
An algorithmic method for functionally defining regions of interest in the ventral visual pathway.
Neural bases of gaze and emotion processing in children with autism spectrum disorders
Residual vectors for Alzheimer disease diagnosis and prognostication
Neural reactivation reveals mechanisms for updating memory.
Dissociating modality-specific and supramodal neural systems for action understanding.
Human brain activity predicts individual differences in prior knowledge use during decisions.
Investigation of fMRI neurofeedback of differential primary motor cortex activity using kinesthetic motor imagery
Amygdala response and functional connectivity during emotion regulation: a study of 14 depressed adolescents.
Voxel-based analysis of regional gray and white matter concentration in high myopia.
Neuroimaging self-esteem: a fMRI study of individual differences in women.
Counterfactual thinking: an fMRI study on changing the past for a better future
Neural Correlates of Dynamically Evolving Interpersonal Ties Predict Prosocial Behavior
Distinction between Externally vs. Internally Guided Decision-Making: Operational Differences, Meta-Analytical Comparisons and Their Theoretical Implications.
Effects of meditation experience on functional connectivity of distributed brain networks.
Effects of arterial cannulation stress on regional cerebral blood flow in major depressive disorder
The Influence of verbalization on the pattern of cortical activation during mental arithmetic
Gray matter network associated with risk for Alzheimer's disease in young to middle-aged adults.
White matter integrity, language, and childhood onset schizophrenia.
Nonverbal sound processing in semantic dementia: a functional MRI study.
The neural dissociation of subjective valuation from choice processes in intertemporal choice.
Brain activation to cues predicting inescapable delay in adolescent Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder: an fMRI pilot study.
Theory of mind in patients with schizophrenia: is mentalizing delayed?
The neural correlates of subjective pleasantness.
Relation between changes in neural responsivity and reductions in desire to eat high-calorie foods following gastric bypass surgery
Understanding the neural mechanisms involved in sensory control of voice production.
Stress hormones are associated with the neuronal correlates of instructed fear conditioning.
Modulation of verbal fluency networks by transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) in Parkinson’s disease
Resting-state glutamate level in the anterior cingulate predicts blood-oxygen level-dependent response to cognitive control.
Priming picture naming with a semantic task: an fMRI investigation.
The role of inferior frontal gyrus in processing Chinese classifiers.
Social economic decision-making across the lifespan: An fMRI investigation.
Disinhibited feedback as a cause of synesthesia: evidence from a functional connectivity study on auditory-visual synesthetes.
Neural correlates of attention bias to threat in post-traumatic stress disorder.
Visual Analytics of Brain Networks
Neural correlates of temporal integration in face recognition: an fMRI study.
Local susceptibility causes diffusion alterations in patients with Alzheimer's disease and mild cognitive impairment.
Analysis of the VAV3 as Candidate Gene for Schizophrenia: Evidences From Voxel-Based Morphometry and Mutation Screening
Clinical significance of serological biomarkers and neuropsychological performances in patients with temporal lobe epilepsy
Identifying brain imaging correlates of clinical response to repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in major depression
Oxytocin gene polymorphisms influence human dopaminergic function in a sex-dependent manner.
Interaction of the serotonin transporter-linked polymorphic region and environmental adversity: increased amygdala-hypothalamus connectivity as a potential mechanism linking neural and endocrine hyper
Reward system dysfunction in autism spectrum disorders.
Predictive value and reward in implicit classification learning.
Phonological processing in first-degree relatives of individuals with autism: an fMRI study.
Acute Alcohol Effects on Contextual Memory BOLD Response: Differences Based on Fragmentary Blackout History
Neural correlates of autobiographical memory in amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment.
A magnetoencephalographic study of face processing: M170, gamma-band oscillations and source localization.
Judging roughness by sight--a 7-Tesla fMRI study on responsivity of the primary somatosensory cortex during observed touch of self and others.
Episodic autobiographical memory in amnestic mild cognitive impairment: what are the neural correlates?
Functional parcellation of the inferior frontal and midcingulate cortices in a flanker-stop-change paradigm.
Neural changes when actions change: adaptation of strong and weak expectations.
Transient and sustained neural responses to death-related linguistic cues.
Categorical speech processing in Broca's area: an fMRI study using multivariate pattern-based analysis.
Abnormal functional connectivity between the anterior cingulate and the default mode network in drug-naive boys with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.
Reprint of: resting cerebral metabolism correlates with skin conductance and functional brain activation during fear conditioning.
Neural evidence for direct meaning access from orthography in Chinese word reading
Shifting the focus of attention modulates amygdala and anterior cingulate cortex reactivity to emotional faces.
Distinct frontal networks are involved in adapting to internally and externally signaled errors.
Treatment-related changes in brain activation in patients with fibromyalgia syndrome.
Language networks in anophthalmia: maintained hierarchy of processing in 'visual' cortex.
Graph analysis of functional brain networks for cognitive control of action in traumatic brain injury.
Large-scale brain networks in board game experts: insights from a domain-related task and task-free resting state.
Functional Connectivity of Pain-Mediated Affect Regulation in Borderline Personality Disorder
Top-down modulations from dorsal stream in lexical recognition: an effective connectivity FMRI study.
Imaging language networks before and after anterior temporal lobe resection: results of a longitudinal fMRI study.
Distinct cortical networks support the planning and online control of reaching-to-grasp in humans.
Structural and functional neural correlates of visuospatial information processing in normal aging and amnestic mild cognitive impairment.
Multichannel fNIRS assessment of overt and covert confrontation naming.
Acute stress potentiates brain response to milkshake as a function of body weight and chronic stress
Dynamic brain structural changes after left hemisphere subcortical stroke.
Intrinsic limbic and paralimbic networks are associated with criminal psychopathy.
Differential roles of right temporal cortex and Broca's area in pitch processing: evidence from music and Mandarin.
Cross-modal pattern of brain activations associated with the processing of self- and significant other's name.
Stable Modality-Specific Activity Flows As Reflected by the Neuroenergetic Approach to the fMRI Weighted Maps
A Spectral Graphical Model Approach for Learning Brain Connectivity Network of Children's Narrative Comprehension
Anxiety Modulates Insula Recruitment in Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging in Youth and Adults
Electrical Tongue Stimulation Normalizes Activity Within the Motion-Sensitive Brain Network in Balance-Impaired Subjects as Revealed by Group Independent Component Analysis
Lovastatin regulates brain spontaneous low-frequency brain activity in neurofibromatosis type 1.
Two networks involved in producing and realizing plans
Orthographic transparency modulates the functional asymmetry in the fusiform cortex: An artificial language training study
Compensatory premotor activity during affective face processing in subclinical carriers of a single mutant Parkin allele.
Testosterone levels correspond with increased ventral striatum activation in response to monetary rewards in adolescents.
Treatment effects on insular and anterior cingulate cortex activation during classic and emotional Stroop interference in child abuse-related complex post-traumatic stress disorder.
Cortical involvement in a gait-related imagery task: Comparison between Parkinson’s disease and normal aging
Processing noncanonical sentences in broca's region: reflections of movement distance and type.
Brain activity during sympathetic response in anticipation and experience of pain.
Differential roles of inferior frontal and inferior parietal cortex in task switching: evidence from stimulus-categorization switching and response-modality switching.
The structural correlates of functional deficits in early huntington's disease.
Interaction between effects of genes coding for dopamine and glutamate transmission on striatal and parahippocampal function.
Dissociating anticipation from perception: Acute pain activates default mode network.
Brain activation during anticipation of interoceptive threat.
Medial orbitofrontal cortex is associated with shifting decision thresholds in self-serving cognition.
Multifaceted genomic risk for brain function in schizophrenia.
Social grasping: from mirroring to mentalizing.
Multiple roles for executive control in belief-desire reasoning: distinct neural networks are recruited for self perspective inhibition and complexity of reasoning.
Functional connectivity and laterality of the motor and sensory components in the volitional swallowing network.
Understanding low reliability of memories for neutral information encoded under stress: alterations in memory-related activation in the hippocampus and midbrain.
fMRI repetition suppression for familiar but not arbitrary actions with tools.
Changes in auditory feedback connections determine the severity of speech processing deficits after stroke.
Interactivity and reward-related neural activation during a serious videogame.
Cognitive control: preparation of task switching components.
Gray-matter volume in methamphetamine dependence: cigarette smoking and changes with abstinence from methamphetamine.
Gray matter volume in schizophrenia and bipolar disorder with psychotic features.
Neural correlates of tinnitus related distress: An fMRI-study
Inter-individual differences in the habitual use of cognitive reappraisal and expressive suppression are associated with variations in prefrontal cognitive control for emotional information: an event
Neural correlates coding stimulus level and perception of capsaicin-evoked urge-to-cough in humans.
Heightened activity in a key region of the ventral attention network is linked to reduced activity in a key region of the dorsal attention network during unexpected shifts of covert visual spatial att
Dissociable stages of problem solving (II): first evidence for process-contingent temporal order of activation in dorsolateral prefrontal cortex.
Impact of meditation training on the default mode network during a restful state.
Common representation of pain and negative emotion in the midbrain periaqueductal gray.
A dual-subsystem model of the brain's default network: self-referential processing, memory retrieval processes, and autobiographical memory retrieval.
Effect of paroxetine and bupropion on human resting brain perfusion: an arterial spin labeling study.
Perceptual and Neural Response to Affective Tactile Texture Stimulation in Adults with Autism Spectrum Disorders
Food and drug cues activate similar brain regions: a meta-analysis of functional MRI studies.
Effects of semantic relatedness on age-related associative memory deficits: the role of theta oscillations.
Longitudinal brain volumetric changes during one year in non-elderly healthy adults: a voxel-based morphometry study
Acute effects of single-dose aripiprazole and haloperidol on resting cerebral blood flow (rCBF) in the human brain.
Feeling others' painful actions: the sensorimotor integration of pain and action information.
A crucial role for the cortico-striato-cortical loop in the pathogenesis of stroke-related neurogenic stuttering.
Perceptual plasticity is mediated by connectivity changes of the medial thalamic nucleus.
Does context matter in evaluations of stigmatized individuals? An fMRI study.
Self-determined, but not non-self-determined, motivation predicts activations in the anterior insular cortex: an fMRI study of personal agency.
Neural Substrates of Empathic Accuracy in People With Schizophrenia
The context-object-manipulation triad: cross talk during action perception revealed by fMRI.
Nicotine effects on brain function during a visual oddball task: a comparison between conventional and EEG-informed fMRI analysis.
A sensorimotor network for the bodily self.
Neural circuits in the brain that are activated when mitigating criminal sentences
Effector selection precedes reach planning in the dorsal parietofrontal cortex.
Early binding of gaze, gesture, and emotion: neural time course and correlates.
Perception of Words and Pitch Patterns in Song and Speech
Enhanced midbrain response at 6-month follow-up in cocaine addiction, association with reduced drug-related choice
Brain activation to cocaine cues and motivation/treatment status
Distinct human face representations in the perirhinal cortex and fusiform gyrus.
Moral decision-making, ToM, empathy and the default mode network.
Disrupted resting-state functional connectivity of the hippocampus in medication-naive patients with major depressive disorder.
Trait motivation moderates neural activation associated with goal pursuit.
Subjective uncertainty and limbic hyperactivation in obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Neural response to emotional stimuli during experimental human endotoxemia.
(Still) longing for food: insulin reactivity modulates response to food pictures.
Cortical-basal ganglia imbalance in schizophrenia patients and unaffected first-degree relatives.
Resting cerebral glucose metabolism and perfusion patterns in women with posttraumatic stress disorder related to sexual assault.
The facilitating effect of clinical hypnosis on motor imagery: an fMRI study.
Common and differential brain responses in men and women to nonverbal emotional vocalizations by the same and opposite sex.
Functional topography of primary emotion processing in the human cerebellum.
Evidence for coordinated functional activity within the extended amygdala of non-human and human primates.
An fMRI study of reduced perceptual load-dependent modulation of task-irrelevant activity in adults with autism spectrum conditions
The influence of emotional priming on the neural substrates of memory: a prospective fMRI study using portrait art stimuli.
Pregabalin effects on neural response to emotional faces.
Correspondence between structure and function in the human brain at rest
The Language–Number Interface in the Brain: A Complex Parametric Study of Quantifiers and Quantities
Resting State Functional Connectivity Correlates of Inhibitory Control in Children with Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder
Source Analysis of Beta-Synchronisation and Cortico-Muscular Coherence after Movement Termination Based on High Resolution Electroencephalography
Segregating the comprehension and elaboration processing of verbal jokes: an fMRI study.
The brain circuitry underlying the temporal evolution of nausea in humans.
BRAIN ACTIVITY UNDERLYING IMPAIRED CONTINENCE CONTROL IN OLDER WOMEN WITH OVERACTIVE BLADDER
Multimodal analyses identify linked functional and white matter abnormalities within the working memory network in schizophrenia.
Neural correlates of interference inhibition, action withholding and action cancelation in adult ADHD.
Ventral and dorsal fiber systems for imagined and executed movement.
An early attentional bias to BEGIN-stimuli of the smoking ritual is accompanied with mesocorticolimbic deactivations in smokers.
The effect of leisure activity golf practice on motor imagery: an fMRI study in middle adulthood.
Thinking about eating food activates visual cortex with reduced bilateral cerebellar activation in females with anorexia nervosa: an fMRI study.
Similar or different? The role of the ventrolateral prefrontal cortex in similarity detection.
Self-paced and externally triggered rhythmical lower limb movements: a functional MRI study.
Distinct role of spatial frequency in dissociative reading of ideograms and phonograms: an fMRI study.
Effective Connectivity Among Brain Regions Associated With Slow Temporal Summation of C-Fiber-Evoked Pain in Fibromyalgia Patients and Healthy Controls
Neurobiology of self-awareness in schizophrenia: an fMRI study.
Anomalous functional brain activation following negative mood induction in children with pre-school onset major depression.
Comparing the neural bases of self-referential processing in typically developing and 22q11.2 adolescents
Ambivalence about smoking and cue-elicited neural activity in quitting-motivated smokers faced with an opportunity to smoke
Activation of the hippocampal complex during tactile maze solving in congenitally blind subjects.
Load-dependent posterior–anterior shift in aging in complex visual selective attention situations
Morphometric gray matter differences of the medial frontal cortex influence the Social Simon Effect.
Distinct neural correlates of associative working memory and long-term memory encoding in the medial temporal lobe.
Learning piano melodies in visuo-motor or audio-motor training conditions and the neural correlates of their cross-modal transfer.
Individuated finger control in focal hand dystonia: an fMRI study.
NODDI: practical in vivo neurite orientation dispersion and density imaging of the human brain.
A generalized form of context-dependent psychophysiological interactions (gPPI): a comparison to standard approaches.
Sensation seeking predicts brain responses in the old-new task: converging multimodal neuroimaging evidence.
Age differences in default and reward networks during processing of personally relevant information
EEG-fMRI based information theoretic characterization of the human perceptual decision system.
Multimodal human communication — Targeting facial expressions, speech content and prosody
Cytoarchitectonical analysis and probabilistic mapping of two extrastriate areas of the human posterior fusiform gyrus.
Effects of age on prefrontal subregions and hippocampal volumes in young and middle-aged healthy humans.
Neural correlates of the perception of contrastive prosodic focus in French: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Effects of parietal TMS on visual and auditory processing at the primary cortical level -- a concurrent TMS-fMRI study.
Category learning increases discriminability of relevant object dimensions in visual cortex.
Cerebral processing of voice gender studied using a continuous carryover FMRI design.
The neural dynamics of updating person impressions.
Encoding of sensory prediction errors in the human cerebellum.
Changes of oscillatory activity in pitch processing network and related tinnitus relief induced by acoustic CR neuromodulation
The Fate of Incoming Stimuli during NREM Sleep is Determined by Spindles and the Phase of the Slow Oscillation
Age-Related Influences of Prior Sleep on Brain Activation during Verbal Encoding
A forced-attention dichotic listening fMRI study on 113 subjects.
Transient and sustained components of the sensorimotor BOLD response in fMRI
Functional connectivity for an "island of sparing" in autism spectrum disorder: an fMRI study of visual search.
A voxel-based lesion study on facial emotion recognition after penetrating brain injury
Dynamical properties of BOLD activity from the ventral posteromedial cortex associated with meditation and attentional skills.
Characterizing Acupuncture Stimuli Using Brain Imaging with fMRI - A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of the Literature
White Matter Abnormalities Correlating with Memory and Depression in Heroin Users under Methadone Maintenance Treatment
The human operculo-insular cortex is pain-preferentially but not pain-exclusively activated by trigeminal and olfactory stimuli.
Microstructural white matter damage at orbitofrontal areas in borderline personality disorder.
Why ruminators won't stop: the structural and resting state correlates of rumination and its relation to depression.
Combined structural and resting-state functional MRI analysis of sexual dimorphism in the young adult human brain: an MVPA approach.
White Matter Development in Adolescence: Diffusion Tensor Imaging and Meta-Analytic Results
Finding and feeling the musical beat: striatal dissociations between detection and prediction of regularity.
Visual cortex in dementia with Lewy bodies: magnetic resonance imaging study
Glucocorticoid receptor number predicts increase in amygdala activity after severe stress
Motor learning-induced changes in functional brain connectivity as revealed by means of graph-theoretical network analysis.
Interaction between bottom-up and top-down effects during the processing of pitch intervals in sequences of spoken and sung syllables.
Gender differences in brain regional homogeneity of healthy subjects after normal sleep and after sleep deprivation: A resting-state fMRI study
Complex motor representations may not be preserved after complete spinal cord injury
Videogame training strategy-induced change in brain function during a complex visuomotor task.
From a concept to a word in a syntactically complete sentence: an fMRI study on spontaneous language production in an overt picture description task.
Neural correlates of stress and favorite-food cue exposure in adolescents: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Emotional expressions in voice and music: same code, same effect?
Extratemporal functional connectivity impairments at rest are related to memory performance in mesial temporal epilepsy.
The 5-HTTLPR polymorphism is associated with altered hemodynamic responses during appetitive conditioning.
Atypical brain activation patterns during a face-to-face joint attention game in adults with autism spectrum disorder.
Decoding the representation of numerical values from brain activation patterns.
Dissociating object directed and non-object directed action in the human mirror system; implications for theories of motor simulation.
The neural mechanisms by which testosterone acts on interpersonal trust.
Synaesthetic perception of colour and visual space in a blind subject: An fMRI case study
Visual and audiovisual effects of isochronous timing on visual perception and brain activity.
Neural bases of the interactions between spatial attention and conscious perception.
Exploration of the neural correlates of ticklish laughter by functional magnetic resonance imaging.
White Matter Atrophy and Cognitive Dysfunctions in Neuromyelitis Optica
Stimulus Variability Affects the Amplitude of the Auditory Steady-State Response
The role of voxel-based morphometry in the detection of cortical dysplasia within the temporal pole in patients with intractable mesial temporal lobe epilepsy.
Resting state FDG-PET functional connectivity as an early biomarker of Alzheimer's disease using conjoint univariate and independent component analyses.
An fMRI study of attentional control in the context of emotional distracters in euthymic adults with bipolar disorder.
Gray matter changes following limb amputation with high and low intensities of phantom limb pain.
Age-related differences in prefrontal cortex activity during retrieval monitoring: testing the compensation and dysfunction accounts.
Genes encoding heterotrimeric G-proteins are associated with gray matter volume variations in the medial frontal cortex.
Traveling EEG slow oscillation along the dorsal attention network initiates spontaneous perceptual switching
Visuospatial deficits and hemispheric perfusion asymmetries in posterior cortical atrophy
Acute baclofen diminishes resting baseline blood flow to limbic structures: a perfusion fMRI study.
Forebrain organization representing baroreceptor gating of somatosensory afferents within the cortical autonomic network.
Social-cognitive deficits in normal aging
Controlling human striatal cognitive function via the frontal cortex.
Scene construction in amnesia: an FMRI study.
Is there a critical lesion site for unilateral spatial neglect? A meta-analysis using activation likelihood estimation
Capturing Amplitude Changes of Low-Frequency Fluctuations in Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Signal: A Pilot Acupuncture Study on NeiGuan (PC6)
Cerebral integration of verbal and nonverbal emotional cues: impact of individual nonverbal dominance.
Cortical thickness correlates of pain and temperature sensitivity.
A qualitative and quantitative review of diffusion tensor imaging studies in reading and dyslexia.
Multisensory interactions between auditory and haptic object recognition.
Enhanced functional synchronization of medial and lateral PFC underlies internally-guided action planning
The fraction of an action is more than a movement: neural signatures of event segmentation in fMRI.
Neural mechanisms underlying the integration of emotion and working memory.
Neural response to reward as a predictor of increases in depressive symptoms in adolescence
Neural processing of overt word generation in healthy individuals: the effect of age and word knowledge.
Hundreds of brain maps in one atlas: registering coordinate-independent primate neuro-anatomical data to a standard brain.
The cortical representation of simple mathematical expressions.
Individual differences in premotor and motor recruitment during speech perception.
Detection of the acute effects of hydrocortisone in the hippocampus using pharmacological fMRI.
Auditory perception of natural sound categories – An fMRI study
Neural substrates for processing task-irrelevant emotional distracters in maltreated adolescents with depressive disorders: a pilot study.
Evidence for a left-over-right inhibitory mechanism during figural creative thinking in healthy nonartists.
Alterations of the salience network in obesity: a resting-state fMRI study.
fMRI evidence of degeneration-induced neuropathic pain in diabetes: enhanced limbic and striatal activations.
Hippocampal involvement in processing of indistinct visual motion stimuli.
Inducing negative affect increases the reward value of appetizing foods in dieters.
Very early modulation of brain responses to neutral faces by a single prior association with an emotional context: evidence from MEG.
Cognitive rehabilitation correlates with the functional connectivity of the anterior cingulate cortex in patients with multiple sclerosis.
What are the Odds? The Neural Correlates of Active Choice during Gambling
What if I Get Busted? Deception, Choice, and Decision-Making in Social Interaction
The brain on art: intense aesthetic experience activates the default mode network
Examining the McGurk illusion using high-field 7 Tesla functional MRI.
The Derived Allele of ASPM Is Associated with Lexical Tone Perception
Neonatal brain injury and neuroanatomy of memory processing following very preterm birth in adulthood: an fMRI study.
SCN1A affects brain structure and the neural activity of the aging brain.
Does simile comprehension differ from metaphor comprehension? A functional MRI study.
Grey and white matter abnormalities in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: a case–control study
What the human brain likes about facial motion.
The neurodynamic organization of modality-dependent hallucinations.
The effects of age on cerebral activations: internally versus externally driven processes
Dynamic visuomotor transformation involved with remote flying of a plane utilizes the 'Mirror Neuron' system.
Phantom digit somatotopy: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study in forearm amputees.
The role of the left putamen in multilingual language production.
The human brain representation of odor identification.
The effect of object state-changes on event processing: do objects compete with themselves?
Serotonin selectively modulates reward value in human decision-making.
BOLD responses in somatosensory cortices better reflect heat sensation than pain.
Combination of blood oxygen level–dependent functional magnetic resonance imaging and visual evoked potential recordings for abnormal visual cortex in two types of amblyopia
Action anticipation beyond the action observation network: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study in expert basketball players.
Thirty minute transcutaneous electric acupoint stimulation modulates resting state brain activities: a perfusion and BOLD fMRI study.
Abnormal baseline brain activity in low-grade hepatic encephalopathy: a resting-state fMRI study.
Neurocognitive dimensions of lexical complexity in Polish.
Enhanced affect/cognition-related brain responses during visceral placebo analgesia in irritable bowel syndrome patients.
Individual differences in smoking-related cue reactivity in smokers: An eye-tracking and fMRI study
Decreased functional brain activation in Friedreich ataxia using the Simon effect task
Voxel-based morphometric gray matter correlates of daytime sleepiness.
Prominent activation of the bilateral inferior parietal lobule of literate compared with illiterate subjects during Chinese logographic processing.
Listen, Learn, Like! Dorsolateral Prefrontal Cortex Involved in the Mere Exposure Effect in Music
The archeologist's career ended in ruins: hemispheric differences in pun comprehension in autism.
Equality versus self-interest in the brain: differential roles of anterior insula and medial prefrontal cortex.
Waiting to win: elevated striatal and orbitofrontal cortical activity during reward anticipation in euthymic bipolar disorder adults
Methylphenidate effects on prefrontal functioning during attentional-capture and response inhibition.
From anticipation to action, the role of dopamine in perceptual decision making: an fMRI-tyrosine depletion study.
Prefrontal contributions to metacognition in perceptual decision making.
Connectivity-based parcellation of the human orbitofrontal cortex.
Neural correlates of multisensory perceptual learning.
Symptomatic generalized epilepsy after HHV6 posttransplant acute limbic encephalitis in children.
The modulation of venlafaxine on cortical activation of language area in healthy subjects with fMRI study.
Multiple resting state network functional connectivity abnormalities in mild traumatic brain injury.
Influence of cue exposure on inhibitory control and brain activation in patients with alcohol dependence.
When Higher Activations Reflect Lower Deactivations: A PET Study in Alzheimer’s Disease during Encoding and Retrieval in Episodic Memory
On the Need of Objective Vigilance Monitoring: Effects of Sleep Loss on Target Detection and Task-Negative Activity Using Combined EEG/fMRI
Investigating the Neural and Cognitive Basis of Moral Luck: It’s Not What You Do but What You Know
Spatio-temporal brain mapping of motion-onset VEPs combined with fMRI and retinotopic maps.
Abnormalities of White Matter Microstructure in Unmedicated Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder and Changes after Medication
Sex-dependent correlations between the personality dimension of harm avoidance and the resting-state functional connectivity of amygdala subregions.
Selective role for striatal and prefrontal regions in processing first trial feedback during single-trial associative learning.
Activation of the ventral striatum during aversive contextual conditioning in humans
Emotional perception: correspondence of early and late event-related potentials with cortical and subcortical functional MRI.
Magneto- and electroencephalographic manifestations of reward anticipation and delivery.
Impaired comprehension of temporal connectives in Parkinson's disease--a neuroimaging study.
Reduced functional connectivity within and between 'social' resting state networks in autism spectrum conditions.
Familiarity promotes the blurring of self and other in the neural representation of threat.
Altered resting state connectivity of the default mode network in alexithymia.
Prefrontal cortex lesions impair object-spatial integration.
The impact of social disparity on prefrontal function in childhood.
Neuroimaging evidence for processes underlying repetition of ignored stimuli.
Effortful control, depression, and anxiety correlate with the influence of emotion on executive attentional control.
Creativity and the brain: uncovering the neural signature of conceptual expansion.
Therapy-induced neuroplasticity in chronic aphasia.
Mirrored or identical--is the role of visual perception underestimated in the mental rotation process of 3D-objects?: a combined fMRI-eye tracking-study.
Developmental differences for word processing in the ventral stream.
Brain activity in adults who stutter: Similarities across speaking tasks and correlations with stuttering frequency and speaking rate
Frontal and parietal activity after sleep deprivation is dependent on task difficulty and can be predicted by the fMRI response after normal sleep.
Common and unique neuro-functional basis of induction, visualization, and spatial relationships as cognitive components of fluid intelligence.
Autologous Mesenchymal Stem Cells in Chronic Stroke
Brain response to food stimulation in obese, normal weight, and successful weight loss maintainers
Effects of beta-amyloid accumulation on neural function during encoding across the adult lifespan.
Inferring task-related networks using independent component analysis in magnetoencephalography.
Presence of strong harmonics during visual entrainment: a magnetoencephalography study.
The effect of meditation on brain structure: cortical thickness mapping and diffusion tensor imaging.
Validation of a child-friendly version of the monetary incentive delay task.
Neural correlates of moral reasoning in autism spectrum disorder.
Changes in the brain intrinsic organization in both on-task state and post-task resting state.
Electrophysiological and functional connectivity of the human supplementary motor area.
Brain activations underlying different patterns of performance improvement during early motor skill learning
Resting-state functional connectivity between fronto-parietal and default mode networks in obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Moral values are associated with individual differences in regional brain volume.
The phenomenology of error processing: the dorsal ACC response to stop-signal errors tracks reports of negative affect.
The neural substrates associated with attentional resources and difficulty of concurrent processing of the two verbal tasks
The relationship between phonological and auditory processing and brain organization in beginning readers
Picture-naming in patients with left frontal lobe tumor - a functional neuroimaging study.
Differential connectivity of perirhinal and parahippocampal cortices within human hippocampal subregions revealed by high-resolution functional imaging.
Pavlovian reward prediction and receipt in schizophrenia: relationship to anhedonia.
Auditory resting-state network connectivity in tinnitus: a functional MRI study.
Sequential Neural Processes in Abacus Mental Addition: An EEG and fMRI Case Study
5-HTTLPR polymorphism impacts task-evoked and resting-state activities of the amygdala in Han Chinese.
Specialization and integration of brain responses to object recognition and location detection.
Enhancement and suppression in a lexical interference fMRI-paradigm.
Abnormal cortical sensorimotor activity during "Target" sound detection in subjects with acute acoustic trauma sequelae: an fMRI study.
Neuroanatomical substrates involved in true and false memories for face.
Understanding less than nothing: Neural distance effects for negative numbers
Effects of leptin deficiency and replacement on cerebellar response to food-related cues
Structural covariance of the neostriatum with regional gray matter volumes.
The neural substrate for working memory of tactile surface texture.
Titin mutation segregates with hereditary myopathy with early respiratory failure.
Widespread abnormality of the gamma-aminobutyric acid-ergic system in Tourette syndrome.
Aging effects on functional auditory and visual processing using fMRI with variable sensory loading.
Default mode network activity in schizophrenia studied at resting state using probabilistic ICA.
Practice on conflict tasks promotes executive function of working memory in the elderly.
Brain correlates of musical and facial emotion recognition: evidence from the dementias.
Characterizing the anomalous cognition-emotion interactions in externalizing.
Stochastic dynamic causal modelling of fMRI data: should we care about neural noise?
Connectivity graph analysis of the auditory resting state network in tinnitus.
Identification of cortical activation and white matter architecture according to short-term motor learning in the human brain: functional MRI and diffusion tensor tractography study.
Evidence for neural encoding of Bayesian surprise in human somatosensation.
Viewing another person's body as a target object: A behavioural and PET study of pointing
The contribution of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex to the preparation for deception and truth-telling.
Real-time imaging of cortical areas involved in the generation of increases in skin sympathetic nerve activity when viewing emotionally charged images.
Appetite regulation during food cue exposure: a comparison of normal-weight and obese women.
A time-varying source connectivity approach to reveal human somatosensory information processing.
Facilitation of speech repetition accuracy by theta burst stimulation of the left posterior inferior frontal gyrus.
Methylphenidate effects on neural activity during response inhibition in healthy humans.
Altered processing of sweet taste in the brain of diet soda drinkers
Overcoming residual interference in mental set switching: neural correlates and developmental trajectory.
Familiarity modulates the functional relationship between theory of mind and autobiographical memory
Age related differences in the neural substrates of motor sequence learning after interleaved and repetitive practice.
Left prefrontal cortex activation during sentence comprehension covaries with grammatical knowledge in children.
Cortical activation during executed, imagined, observed, and passive wrist movements in healthy volunteers and stroke patients.
Single-trial EEG-fMRI coupling of the emotional auditory early posterior negativity.
Exploration of the relationships between regional grey matter atrophy and cognition in multiple sclerosis.
Modulation of limbic-cerebellar functional connectivity enables alcoholics to recognize who is who.
PKCalpha is genetically linked to memory capacity in healthy subjects and to risk for posttraumatic stress disorder in genocide survivors.
Functional network connectivity underlying food processing: disturbed salience and visual processing in overweight and obese adults.
MBSR vs aerobic exercise in social anxiety: fMRI of emotion regulation of negative self-beliefs.
How do we think machines think? An fMRI study of alleged competition with an artificial intelligence.
The Structural Neural Substrates of Persistent Negative Symptoms in First-Episode of Non-Affective Psychosis: A Voxel-Based Morphometry Study
Musical training induces functional plasticity in perceptual and motor networks: insights from resting-state FMRI.
Neuroanatomical correlates of visual car expertise.
Arteries dominate volume changes during brief functional hyperemia: evidence from mathematical modelling.
Overlapping activity in anterior insula during interoception and emotional experience.
Sparse representation of brain aging: extracting covariance patterns from structural MRI.
Regional brain responses in nulliparous women to emotional infant stimuli.
The Role of Low and High Spatial Frequencies in Exogenous Attention to Biologically Salient Stimuli
The influence of preterm birth on structural alterations of the vision-deprived brain
Regional gray matter correlates of vocational interests
Developmental effects of decision-making on sensitivity to reward: an fMRI study.
Neurophysiological effects of modafinil on cue-exposure in cocaine dependence: A randomized placebo‐controlled cross-over study using pharmacological fMRI
Association between physical activity and brain health in older adults.
Adaptation to heading direction dissociates the roles of human MST and V6 in the processing of optic flow.
Sleep deprivation is associated with attenuated parametric valuation and control signals in the midbrain during value-based decision making.
Approach-avoidance processes contribute to dissociable impacts of risk and loss on choice.
Distinct representations of attentional control during voluntary and stimulus-driven shifts across objects and locations.
The effect of moderate acute psychological stress on working memory-related neural activity is modulated by a genetic variation in catecholaminergic function in humans
The Lateral Occipital Cortex in the Face Perception Network: An Effective Connectivity Study
Touching and feeling: differences in pleasant touch processing between glabrous and hairy skin in humans.
Dissociation of BOLD responses to reward prediction errors and reward receipt by a model comparison.
Reward-related dorsal striatal activity differences between former and current cocaine dependent individuals during an interactive competitive game.
High versus low level of response to alcohol: evidence of differential reactivity to emotional stimuli.
Excessive contralateral motor overflow in schizophrenia measured by fMRI.
Functional interactions of HIV-infection and methamphetamine dependence during motor programming.
Divergent brain network connectivity in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Neural representations of unfamiliar objects are modulated by sensorimotor experience.
fMRI-activation during drawing a naturalistic or sketchy portrait.
Neurotrophic tyrosine kinase polymorphism impacts white matter connections in patients with major depressive disorder.
Auditory skills and brain morphology predict individual differences in adaptation to degraded speech.
Motor familiarity: brain activation when watching kinematic displays of one's own movements.
The neuroscience of group membership.
Two Distinct Ipsilateral Cortical Representations for Individuated Finger Movements
Learning-dependent plasticity in human auditory cortex during appetitive operant conditioning.
The five factors of personality and regional cortical variability in the Baltimore longitudinal study of aging.
Mechanical flutter stimulation induces a lasting response in the sensorimotor cortex as revealed with BOLD fMRI.
Frontal gray matter reduction after breast cancer chemotherapy and association with executive symptoms: A replication and extension study
Fluid reasoning deficits in children with ADHD: evidence from fMRI.
Considering the role of semantic memory in episodic future thinking: evidence from semantic dementia.
Examining neural correlates of skill acquisition in a complex videogame training program
Meditation Increases the Depth of Information Processing and Improves the Allocation of Attention in Space
Mapping connectivity damage in the case of Phineas Gage.
Cognitive Behavioral Therapy increases pain-evoked activation of the prefrontal cortex in patients with fibromyalgia.
An anterior-posterior gradient of cognitive control within the dorsomedial striatum.
Cerebellum and cognition: evidence for the encoding of higher order rules.
Both the middle temporal gyrus and the ventral anterior temporal area are crucial for multimodal semantic processing: distortion-corrected fMRI evidence for a double gradient of information convergence in the temporal lobes.
Effects of category learning on neural sensitivity to non-native phonetic categories.
Hippocampal-prefrontal engagement and dynamic causal interactions in the maturation of children's fact retrieval.
Differential Brain Activity During Emotional vs. Non-emotional Reversal Learning
Neural convergence for language comprehension and grammatical class production in highly proficient bilinguals is independent of age of acquisition.
Exposure therapy triggers lasting reorganization of neural fear processing.
Your goal is mine: unraveling mimetic desires in the human brain.
From animal model to human brain networking: dynamic causal modeling of motivational systems.
Uncovering a context-specific connectional fingerprint of human dorsal premotor cortex.
Striatal dopamine D(2)/D(3) receptors mediate response inhibition and related activity in frontostriatal neural circuitry in humans.
Bidirectional gray matter changes after complex motor skill learning.
Connectivity of Default-Mode Network Is Associated with Cerebral Edema in Hepatic Encephalopathy
Neural activity associated with self-reflection
Possible dysregulation of cortical plasticity in auditory verbal hallucinations–A cortical thickness study in schizophrenia
The amygdala is involved in affective priming effect for fearful faces.
Neural adaptation across viewpoint and exemplar in fusiform cortex.
Frontoparietal Connectivity and Hierarchical Structure of the Brain’s Functional Network during Sleep
Deep Brain Stimulation of Nucleus Accumbens Region in Alcoholism Affects Reward Processing
The Baseline and Longitudinal Changes of PCC Connectivity in Mild Cognitive Impairment: A Combined Structure and Resting-State fMRI Study
Three-dimensional Noninvasive Monitoring Iodine-131 Uptake in the Thyroid Using a Modified Cerenkov Luminescence Tomography Approach
Dual routes for verbal repetition: articulation-based and acoustic-phonetic codes for pseudoword and word repetition, respectively.
The neuroeconomics of nicotine dependence: a preliminary functional magnetic resonance imaging study of delay discounting of monetary and cigarette rewards in smokers.
The neural bases of difficult speech comprehension and speech production: Two Activation Likelihood Estimation (ALE) meta-analyses
Hemispheric asymmetries in goal-directed hand movements are independent of hand preference.
Attentional priorities and access to short-term memory: parietal interactions.
Cerebral correlates of skin conductance responses in a cognitive task.
Involvement of the cerebellar cortex and nuclei in verbal and visuospatial working memory: A 7T fMRI study
Multisensory speech perception without the left superior temporal sulcus.
Common substrate for mental arithmetic and finger representation in the parietal cortex.
Amygdala-prefrontal coupling underlies individual differences in emotion regulation.
Linking ordering in Broca's area to storage in left temporo-parietal regions: the case of sentence processing.
Social cognitive deficits and their neural correlates in progressive supranuclear palsy.
Discriminating unipolar and bipolar depression by means of fMRI and pattern classification: a pilot study.
The neural basis of vivid memory is patterned on perception.
Striatal dopamine influences the default mode network to affect shifting between object features.
Structural correlates of facial emotion recognition deficits in Parkinson's disease patients.
Activation of dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in a dual neuropsychological screening test: An fMRI approach
Successful inhibitory control over an immediate reward is associated with attentional disengagement in visual processing areas.
Culture but not gender modulates amygdala activation during explicit emotion recognition
Trait anxiety and the neural efficiency of manipulation in working memory.
Sex differences in the functional and structural neuroanatomy of dental phobia.
Dopamine-dependent architecture of cortico-subcortical network connectivity.
A brain-derived metric for preferred kinetic stimuli
Activation of Right Ventral Prefrontal Cortex Using a Predictive Cue during Visual Spatial Orienting of Attentional Processes: An fMRI Study
Surprise and error: common neuronal architecture for the processing of errors and novelty.
Intrinsic network connectivity reflects consistency of synesthetic experiences.
Response of dorsomedial prefrontal cortex predicts altruistic behavior.
Object ensemble processing in human anterior-medial ventral visual cortex.
Contrasting visual working memory for verbal and non-verbal material with multivariate analysis of fMRI.
The neural correlates of maternal sensitivity: an fMRI study.
Increased Orbitofrontal Brain Activation after Administration of a Selective Adenosine A2A Antagonist in Cocaine Dependent Subjects
The neural network sustaining crossmodal integration is impaired in alcohol-dependence: An fMRI study
Cortical sources of resting state EEG rhythms are abnormal in dyslexic children.
Second language experience modulates functional brain network for the native language production in bimodal bilinguals.
Gains of item-specific training in visual working memory and their neural correlates.
Response of face-selective brain regions to trustworthiness and gender of faces.
Age differences in the frontoparietal cognitive control network: Implications for distractibility
Pre-orthographic character string processing and parietal cortex: a role for visual attention in reading?
Amygdala responsiveness to emotional words is modulated by subclinical anxiety and depression.
Investigating function and connectivity of morphometric findings--exemplified on cerebellar atrophy in spinocerebellar ataxia 17 (SCA17).
Neurophysiological correlates of age-related changes in working memory updating.
Cortical dynamics of human scalp EEG origins in a visually guided motor execution.
Grammar learning in older adults is linked to white matter microstructure and functional connectivity.
Perseveration and choice in Parkinson's disease: the impact of progressive frontostriatal dysfunction on action decisions.
Effects of age, task performance, and structural brain development on face processing.
The influence of prior expectations on emotional face perception in adolescence.
Is race erased? Decoding race from patterns of neural activity when skin color is not diagnostic of group boundaries.
Differential Synchronization in Default and Task-Specific Networks of the Human Brain
Task-Related, Low-Frequency Task-Residual, and Resting State Activity in the Default Mode Network Brain Regions
Selective Impairments of Resting-State Networks in Minimal Hepatic Encephalopathy
Association of poor insight in schizophrenia with structure and function of cortical midline structures and frontopolar cortex.
Patients with Schizophrenia Fail to Up-Regulate Task-Positive and Down-Regulate Task-Negative Brain Networks: An fMRI Study Using an ICA Analysis Approach.
Gender differences of brain activity in the conflicts based on implicit self-esteem.
Variance and autocorrelation of the spontaneous slow brain activity.
Brain circuitries involved in semantic interference by demands of emotional and non-emotional distractors.
Can the default-mode network be described with one spatial-covariance network?
Flexible rule use: common neural substrates in children and adults.
Withholding response in the face of a smile: age-related differences in prefrontal sensitivity to Nogo cues following happy and angry faces.
Genetic influences of resting state fMRI activity in language-related brain regions in healthy controls and schizophrenia patients: a pilot study.
Mental paper folding performance following penetrating traumatic brain injury in combat veterans: a lesion mapping study.
Attention and semantic processing during speech: an fMRI study.
Association of grey matter volume deviation with insight impairment in first-episode affective and non-affective psychosis.
Gray matter density of auditory association cortex relates to knowledge of sound concepts in primary progressive aphasia.
Dissociable influences of opiates and expectations on pain.
Sleep spindles predict neural and behavioral changes in motor sequence consolidation.
Decreasing ventromedial prefrontal cortex activity during sequential risk-taking: an FMRI investigation of the balloon analog risk task.
High classification accuracy for schizophrenia with rest and task FMRI data.
Real-Time Self-Regulation of Emotion Networks in Patients with Depression
States of mind: Emotions, body feelings, and thoughts share distributed neural networks
Perceived patient-parent relationships and neural representation of parents in schizophrenia.
Differential recruitment of the sensorimotor putamen and frontoparietal cortex during motor chunking in humans.
Reversed frontotemporal connectivity during emotional face processing in remitted depression.
Prognostic value of cortically induced motor evoked activity by TMS in chronic stroke: Caveats from a revealing single clinical case
Differences in neural activation between preterm and full term born adolescents on a sentence comprehension task: implications for educational accommodations.
Early Math Achievement and Functional Connectivity in the Fronto-Parietal Network
Weak task-related modulation and stimulus representations during arithmetic problem solving in children with developmental dyscalculia.
Brain function during probabilistic learning in relation to IQ and level of education.
Three dyslexia susceptibility genes, DYX1C1, DCDC2, and KIAA0319, affect temporo-parietal white matter structure.
Inter-individual differences in empathy are reflected in human brain structure.
Brain fMRI study of crave induced by cue pictures in online game addicts (male adolescents).
Functional and effective connectivity of anterior insula in anorexia nervosa and bulimia nervosa.
Metabolic imaging of mild traumatic brain injury.
Attentional Set-Shifting Deficit in Parkinson’s Disease Is Associated with Prefrontal Dysfunction: An FDG-PET Study
Abnormal brain activation of adolescent internet addict in a ball-throwing animation task: Possible neural correlates of disembodiment revealed by fMRI
BoNT-A related changes of cortical activity in patients suffering from severe hand paralysis with arm spasticity following ischemic stroke
Mindfulness meditation training alters cortical representations of interoceptive attention.
Exogenous attention to facial vs non-facial emotional visual stimuli.
Neural correlates of continuous causal word generation.
Persistent affective biases in human amygdala response following implicit priming with negative emotion concepts.
Multivariate activation and connectivity patterns discriminate speech intelligibility in Wernicke's, Broca's, and Geschwind's areas.
Task-Selective Memory Effects for Successfully Implemented Encoding Strategies
Differences in brain function and changes with intervention in children with poor spelling and reading abilities.
Altered velocity processing in schizophrenia during pursuit eye tracking.
Alterations of theory of mind network activation in chronic cannabis users.
Neural activity during emotion recognition after combined cognitive plus social cognitive training in schizophrenia.
Spatiotemporal distribution of cortical processing of first and second languages in bilinguals. I. Effects of proficiency and linguistic setting.
Childhood maltreatment is associated with an automatic negative emotion processing bias in the amygdala.
Keeping the body in mind: insula functional organization and functional connectivity integrate interoceptive, exteroceptive, and emotional awareness.
Alterations in regional homogeneity of resting-state brain activity in ketamine addicts.
Brain activation patterns of motor imagery reflect plastic changes associated with intensive shooting training.
The effect of family therapy on the changes in the severity of on-line game play and brain activity in adolescents with on-line game addiction.
Similar alterations in brain function for phonological and semantic processing to visual characters in Chinese dyslexia.
Atypical lexicosemantic function of extrastriate cortex in autism spectrum disorder: evidence from functional and effective connectivity.
Human cortical connectome reconstruction from diffusion weighted MRI: the effect of tractography algorithm.
Differentiating hemispheric contributions to syntax and semantics in patients with left-hemisphere lesions.
Priming of control: implicit contextual cuing of top-down attentional set.
Gender modulates the APOE epsilon4 effect in healthy older adults: convergent evidence from functional brain connectivity and spinal fluid tau levels.
Network analysis reveals increased integration during emotional and motivational processing.
Aging and inhibitory control of action: cortico-subthalamic connection strength predicts stopping performance.
The impact of auditory working memory training on the fronto-parietal working memory network.
CSF T-Tau/Aβ42 Predicts White Matter Microstructure in Healthy Adults at Risk for Alzheimer’s Disease
Gender Differences in White Matter Microstructure
Sex differences and autism: brain function during verbal fluency and mental rotation.
Dissociated representations of pleasant and unpleasant olfacto-trigeminal mixtures: an FMRI study.
Neural activation and functional connectivity during motor imagery of bimanual everyday actions.
Neural processing of reward and punishment in young people at increased familial risk of depression.
Resting-state networks in adolescents with 22q11.2 deletion syndrome: associations with prodromal symptoms and executive functions.
An fMRI study on the acute effects of exercise on pain processing in trained athletes.
Magnetic resonance fiber density mapping of age-related white matter changes
Neural networks related to pro-saccades and anti-saccades revealed by independent component analysis.
Memory monitoring performance and PFC activity are associated with 5-HTTLPR genotype in older adults.
Increased functional connectivity within memory networks following memory rehabilitation in multiple sclerosis.
Theta-Modulated Gamma-Band Synchronization Among Activated Regions During a Verb Generation Task
The morphology and variability of the caudal rami of the superior temporal sulcus.
Frontal–Occipital Connectivity During Visual Search
Obesity is associated with high serotonin 4 receptor availability in the brain reward circuitry.
Aberrant functional network recruitment of posterior parietal cortex in Turner syndrome
Right and left perisylvian cortex and left inferior frontal cortex mediate sentence-level rhyme detection in spoken language as revealed by sparse fMRI.
Intrinsic resting-state activity predicts working memory brain activation and behavioral performance.
Matching is not naming: a direct comparison of lexical manipulations in explicit and implicit reading tasks.
Theta power during encoding predicts subsequent-memory performance and default mode network deactivation.
The centre of the brain: topographical model of motor, cognitive, affective, and somatosensory functions of the basal ganglia.
Differential neural circuitry and self-interest in real vs hypothetical moral decisions.
A NIRS-fMRI study of resting state network.
Neural changes associated with appetite information processing in schizophrenic patients after 16 weeks of olanzapine treatment
An fMRI study of joint action-varying levels of cooperation correlates with activity in control networks.
Working memory impairment in fibromyalgia patients associated with altered frontoparietal memory network.
Value and prediction error estimation account for volatility effects in ACC: a model-based fMRI study.
The neuronal infrastructure of speaking.
Changes in brain gray matter in abstinent heroin addicts.
Psychological and neural mechanisms of trait mindfulness in reducing depression vulnerability.
Enhanced emotional reactivity after selective REM sleep deprivation in humans: an fMRI study.
Effects of Nicotine on Emotional Reactivity in PTSD and Non-PTSD Smokers: Results of a Pilot fMRI Study
Impact of Brain-Derived Neurotrophic Factor Val66Met Polymorphism on Cortical Thickness and Voxel-Based Morphometry in Healthy Chinese Young Adults
Cortical thinning in patients with recent onset post-traumatic stress disorder after a single prolonged trauma exposure.
Dog Experts' Brains Distinguish Socially Relevant Body Postures Similarly in Dogs and Humans
Learning to sample: eye tracking and fMRI indices of changes in object perception.
Ventral and dorsal stream interactions during the perception of the Muller-Lyer illusion: evidence derived from fMRI and dynamic causal modeling.
Neural interaction between spatial domain and spatial reference frame in parietal-occipital junction.
BOLD responses to tactile stimuli in visual and auditory cortex depend on the frequency content of stimulation.
Context-dependent changes in functional connectivity of auditory cortices during the perception of object words.
Altered white matter integrity in young adults with first-episode, treatment-naive, and treatment-responsive depression.
Object recognition in clutter: cortical responses depend on the type of learning
Error-related anterior cingulate cortex activity and the prediction of conscious error awareness.
Response Bias Modulates the Speech Motor System during Syllable Discrimination
Abnormal Brain Activation in Neurofibromatosis Type 1: A Link between Visual Processing and the Default Mode Network
Altered cerebellar functional connectivity with intrinsic connectivity networks in adults with major depressive disorder.
Learning to simulate others' decisions.
Effects of the DRD4 genotype on neural networks associated with executive functions in children and adolescents.
Behavioral and fMRI evidence that cognitive ability modulates the effect of semantic context on speech intelligibility.
Implicit motivational value and salience are processed in distinct areas of orbitofrontal cortex.
Cognitive training-related changes in hippocampal activity associated with recollection in older adults.
Temporal microstructure of cortical networks (TMCN) underlying task-related differences.
The effect of caffeine on working memory load-related brain activation in middle-aged males
Reduction in neural activation to high-calorie food cues in obese endometrial cancer survivors after a behavioral lifestyle intervention: a pilot study
The neural substrates of person perception: spontaneous use of financial and moral status knowledge.
Mental arithmetic activates analogic representations of internally generated sums.
Adult attachment anxiety is associated with enhanced automatic neural response to positive facial expression
Neural processing of sensory and emotional-communicative information associated with the perception of vicarious pain.
Modulation of feedback related activity in the rostral anterior cingulate cortex during trial and error exploration.
Activation and connectivity patterns of the presupplementary and dorsal premotor areas during free improvisation of melodies and rhythms.
On the spatial organization of sound processing in the human temporal lobe: A meta-analysis
Contributions of low and high spatial frequency processing to impaired object recognition circuitry in schizophrenia.
Neural intersections of the phonological, visual magnocellular and motor/cerebellar systems in normal readers: implications for imaging studies on dyslexia.
Functional network connectivity during rest and task conditions: a comparative study.
Look at this: the neural correlates of initiating and responding to bids for joint attention
Task-Dependent Modulation of Effective Connectivity within the Default Mode Network
Sex differences in the neurobiology of fear conditioning and extinction: a preliminary fMRI study of shared sex differences with stress-arousal circuitry
Amygdala activation to threat under attentional load in individuals with anxiety disorder
Quantitative meta-analysis of neural activity in posttraumatic stress disorder
Altered amygdala activation during face processing in Iraqi and Afghanistani war veterans
An fMRI study of unconditioned responses in post-traumatic stress disorder
Functional anomalies in healthy individuals with a first degree family history of major depressive disorder
Neural temporal dynamics of stress in comorbid major depressive disorder and social anxiety disorder
Acute pharmacologically induced shifts in serotonin availability abolish emotion-selective responses to negative face emotions in distinct brain networks
Effects of cranial electrotherapy stimulation on resting state brain activity.
Dynamic brain mapping of behavior change: tracking response initiation and inhibition to changes in reinforcement rate.
Anti-correlated networks, global signal regression, and the effects of caffeine in resting-state functional MRI.
Automatic sleep staging using fMRI functional connectivity data.
Loss of intranetwork and internetwork resting state functional connections with Alzheimer's disease progression.
Threat of punishment motivates memory encoding via amygdala, not midbrain, interactions with the medial temporal lobe.
Global connectivity of prefrontal cortex predicts cognitive control and intelligence.
Social network modulation of reward-related signals.
Efficiency of go/no-go task performance implemented in the left hemisphere.
Neural basis of moral elevation demonstrated through inter-subject synchronization of cortical activity during free-viewing.
Diminished medial prefrontal activity behind autistic social judgments of incongruent information.
Gray matter abnormalities in social anxiety disorder: primary, replication, and specificity studies.
Early and late onset, first-episode, treatment-naive depression: same clinical symptoms, different regional neural activities.
Resting-state functional connectivity abnormalities in limbic and salience networks in social anxiety disorder without comorbidity
The dopamine transporter haplotype and reward-related striatal responses in adult ADHD.
Imagined tool-use in near and far space modulates the extra-striate body area.
Motion-sensitive cortex and motion semantics in American Sign Language
Variants in the DYX2 locus are associated with altered brain activation in reading-related brain regions in subjects with reading disability.
The response of face-selective cortex with single face parts and part combinations.
Common and distinct neural mechanisms of attentional switching and response conflict.
Give it time: neural evidence for distorted time perception and enhanced memory encoding in emotional situations.
Neural basis of recollection in first-episode major depression.
The power of emotional valence—from cognitive to affective processes in reading
Ipsilateral synkinesia involves the supplementary motor area.
Building virtual reality fMRI paradigms: a framework for presenting immersive virtual environments.
Craving correlates with mesolimbic responses to heroin-related cues in short-term abstinence from heroin: an event-related fMRI study.
A meta-analysis of fMRI studies on Chinese orthographic, phonological, and semantic processing.
Where in the brain is nonliteral language? A coordinate-based meta-analysis of functional magnetic resonance imaging studies.
Neural and behavioral responses during self-evaluative processes differ in youth with and without autism.
Neural correlates of tactile temporal-order judgment in humans: an fMRI study.
Cerebrospinal fluid space alterations in melancholic depression.
Classification of types of stuttering symptoms based on brain activity.
Dissecting the anticipation of aversion reveals dissociable neural networks.
The interface between language and attention: prosodic focus marking recruits a general attention network in spoken language comprehension.
Fetal programming effects of testosterone on the reward system and behavioral approach tendencies in humans.
Functional parcellation of the lateral mesencephalus.
Medial temporal lobe epilepsy is associated with neuronal fibre loss and paradoxical increase in structural connectivity of limbic structures
Memory in frontal lobe epilepsy: an fMRI study.
The what and how components of cognitive control.
Neural evidence that utterance-processing entails mentalizing: the case of irony.
Reproducibility of swallow-induced cortical BOLD positive and negative fMRI activity
Altered intra- and inter-regional synchronization of superior temporal cortex in deaf people.
Fact or Factitious? A Psychobiological Study of Authentic and Simulated Dissociative Identity States
Neural network development in late adolescents during observation of risk-taking action.
Spatio-temporal updating in the left posterior parietal cortex.
Neural Correlates of the Severity of Cocaine, Heroin, Alcohol, MDMA and Cannabis Use in Polysubstance Abusers: A Resting-PET Brain Metabolism Study
Neural Correlates of Visual Motion Prediction
Interactive effects of three core goal pursuit processes on brain control systems: goal maintenance, performance monitoring, and response inhibition.
Passive and motivated perception of emotional faces: qualitative and quantitative changes in the face processing network.
The Brain Network of Expectancy and Uncertainty Processing
Fasting plasma insulin and the default mode network in women at risk for Alzheimer's disease.
Functional brain activation to emotionally valenced faces in school-aged children with a history of preschool-onset major depression.
Distinct neural responses used to gain insight into hallucinatory perception in patients with schizophrenia
Patterns of fractional amplitude of low-frequency oscillations in occipito-striato-thalamic regions of first-episode drug-naive panic disorder.
Relation of Brain Stimulation Induced Changes in MEP Amplitude and BOLD Signal
Cortical sources of EEG rhythms in congestive heart failure and Alzheimer's disease.
Functional parcellation of the operculo-insular cortex in perceptual decision making: An fMRI study
A functional MRI study of motor dysfunction in Friedreich's ataxia
Whole-brain haemodynamic after-effects of 1-Hz magnetic stimulation of the posterior superior temporal cortex during action observation.
Mirror neuron activity during contagious yawning--an fMRI study.
Self-referential and anxiety-relevant information processing in subclinical social anxiety: an fMRI study.
Regional fMRI Hypoactivation and Altered Functional Connectivity During Emotion Processing in Nonmedicated Depressed Patients With Bipolar II Disorder
Imaging gait disorders in parkinsonism: a review.
Structural and behavioral correlates of abnormal encoding of money value in the sensorimotor striatum in cocaine addiction.
Deformation-based brain morphometry in rats.
Automatic prediction error responses to hands with unexpected laterality: an electrophysiological study.
The impact of aging on gray matter structural covariance networks.
Selection and inhibition mechanisms for human voluntary action decisions.
Developmental changes in patterns of brain activity associated with moment-to-moment adjustments in control
Crossmodal Recruitment of the Ventral Visual Stream in Congenital Blindness
Effects of emotional context on impulse control
L-DOPA changes spontaneous low-frequency BOLD signal oscillations in Parkinson's disease: a resting state fMRI study.
Old Proverbs in New Skins – An fMRI Study on Defamiliarization
The corpus callosum in monozygotic twins concordant and discordant for handedness and language dominance.
Decreased functional connectivity by aging is associated with cognitive decline.
Parietal functional connectivity in numerical cognition.
Ventral striatal activation during attribution of stimulus saliency and reward anticipation is correlated in unmedicated first episode schizophrenia patients.
Human neural systems underlying rigid and flexible forms of allocentric spatial representation.
The role of the amygdala in atypical gaze on emotional faces in autism spectrum disorders.
Feature-independent neural coding of target detection during search of natural scenes.
Dopamine supports coupling of attention-related networks.
Altered cross-modal processing in the primary auditory cortex of congenitally deaf adults: a visual-somatosensory fMRI study with a double-flash illusion.
Functional dissociation between anterior and posterior temporal cortical regions during retrieval of remote memory.
Signed words in the congenitally deaf evoke typical late lexicosemantic responses with no early visual responses in left superior temporal cortex.
Does baseline cerebral blood flow affect task-related blood oxygenation level dependent response in schizophrenia?
Fractionation of social brain circuits in autism spectrum disorders.
Age-Dependent Relationships between Prefrontal Cortex Activation and Processing Efficiency
Developmental changes of BOLD signal correlations with global human EEG power and synchronization during working memory.
The mirror neuron system under hypnosis - brain substrates of voluntary and involuntary motor activation in hypnotic paralysis.
Mentalizing in male schizophrenia patients is compromised by virtue of dysfunctional connectivity between task-positive and task-negative networks.
The hemodynamic response in children with Simplex Autism.
Origins of intersubject variability of blood oxygenation level dependent and arterial spin labeling fMRI: implications for quantification of brain activity
Alzheimer risk variant CLU and brain function during aging
Abnormal regional spontaneous neural activity in first-episode, treatment-naive patients with late-life depression: A resting-state fMRI study
Cognitive reserve impacts on inter-individual variability in resting-state cerebral metabolism in normal aging.
Emotion suppression reduces hippocampal activity during successful memory encoding.
The responsiveness of biological motion processing areas to selective attention towards goals.
Dorsal stream activity and connectivity associated with action priming of ambiguous apparent motion.
Rhythm information represented in the fronto-parieto-cerebellar motor system.
Dissociable frontal-striatal and frontal-parietal networks involved in updating hierarchical contexts in working memory.
Multivoxel patterns in face-sensitive temporal regions reveal an encoding schema based on detecting life in a face
The embodiment of emotion: language use during the feeling of social emotions predicts cortical somatosensory activity.
Self-referential processing influences functional activation during cognitive control: an fMRI study.
Neural Mechanisms of Reading Facial Emotions in Young and Older Adults
Effect of the Green/Blue Flicker Matrix for P300-Based Brain–Computer Interface: An EEG–fMRI Study
Increasing power for voxel-wise genome-wide association studies: the random field theory, least square kernel machines and fast permutation procedures.
Neural activity supporting the formation of associative memory versus source memory.
Decrease in Temporal Gyrus Gray Matter Volume in First-Episode, Early Onset Schizophrenia: An MRI Study
Memory performance and fMRI signal in presymptomatic familial Alzheimer's disease.
Functional neuroimaging of sex differences in autobiographical memory recall.
Repetition related changes in activation and functional connectivity in hippocampus predict subsequent memory.
Their pain is not our pain: brain and autonomic correlates of empathic resonance with the pain of same and different race individuals.
Repetition enhancement and perceptual processing of visual word form.
Mechanism of case processing in the brain: an fMRI study.
Commonality and specificity of acupuncture action at three acupoints as evidenced by fMRI
Altered brain functional connectivity in relation to perception of scrutiny in social anxiety disorder.
Interaction of cortical networks mediating object motion detection by moving observers.
An Automated Flow for Directed Evolution Based on Detection of Promiscuous Scaffolds Using Spatial and Electrostatic Properties of Catalytic Residues
Perspective and agency during video gaming influences spatial presence experience and brain activation patterns
Neurocircuits underlying cognition-emotion interaction in a social decision making context.
A functional neuroimaging study assessing gender differences in the neural mechanisms underlying the ability to resist impulsive desires.
Menstrual cycle effects on amygdala reactivity to emotional stimulation in premenstrual dysphoric disorder.
Increased gray matter volume in the right angular and posterior parahippocampal gyri in loving-kindness meditators.
Executive performance is related to regional gray matter volume in healthy older individuals.
Reading acquisition reorganizes the phonological awareness network only in alphabetic writing systems.
Dissociable brain systems mediate vicarious learning of stimulus-response and action-outcome contingencies.
Visuomotor functional network topology predicts upcoming tasks.
The development of brain systems associated with successful memory retrieval of scenes.
Multilocus genetic composite reflecting dopamine signaling capacity predicts reward circuitry responsivity.
Number conservation is related to children's prefrontal inhibitory control: an fMRI study of a piagetian task.
Classification of different therapeutic responses of major depressive disorder with multivariate pattern analysis method based on structural MR scans.
Heterosexual men and women both show a hypothalamic response to the chemo-signal androstadienone.
Is payoff necessarily weighted by probability when making a risky choice? Evidence from functional connectivity analysis.
Brain structural signature of familial predisposition for bipolar disorder: replicable evidence for involvement of the right inferior frontal gyrus.
Reduced white matter fractional anisotropy and clinical symptoms in schizophrenia: a voxel-based diffusion tensor imaging study.
Where the brain appreciates the final state of an event: the neural correlates of telicity.
Ipsilateral cortical activation in fibromyalgia patients during brushing correlates with symptom severity
Impaired functional but preserved structural connectivity in limbic white matter tracts in youth with conduct disorder or oppositional defiant disorder plus psychopathic traits.
Direct recordings in human cortex reveal the dynamics of gamma-band [50-150 Hz] activity during pursuit eye movement control.
Anatomical and functional enhancements of the insula after loss of large primary somatosensory fibers.
Resting-state synchrony during early alcohol abstinence can predict subsequent relapse.
Spatial patterns of intrinsic neural activity in depressed patients with vascular risk factors as revealed by the amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation.
Impact of lower- vs. upper-hemifield presentation on automatic colour-deviance detection: A visual mismatch negativity study
Neural strategies for reading Japanese and Chinese sentences: a cross-linguistic fMRI study of character-decoding and morphosyntax.
Prenatal tobacco exposure predicts differential brain function during working memory in early adolescence: a preliminary investigation.
Looking at the brains behind figurative language--a quantitative meta-analysis of neuroimaging studies on metaphor, idiom, and irony processing.
Prediction of SSRI treatment response in major depression based on serotonin transporter interplay between median raphe nucleus and projection areas.
Neural correlates of causality judgment in physical and social context--the reversed effects of space and time.
Evaluation of the brain activation induced by functional electrical stimulation and voluntary contraction using functional magnetic resonance imaging
Brain network involved in visual processing of movement stimuli used in upper limb robotic training: an fMRI study
Genetic variants affecting the neural processing of human facial expressions: evidence using a genome-wide functional imaging approach
Neural Repetition Effects in the Medial Temporal Lobe Complex are Modulated by Previous Encoding Experience
Multimodal analysis of the hippocampus in schizophrenia using proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy and functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Daily physical complaints and hippocampal function: an fMRI study of pain modulation by anxiety.
Changes in cerebral blood flow after transjugular intrahepatic portosystemic shunt can help predict the development of hepatic encephalopathy: An arterial spin labeling MR study
Degree of musical expertise modulates higher order brain functioning.
A novel functional brain imaging endophenotype of autism: the neural response to facial expression of emotion
The organization of the human striatum estimated by intrinsic functional connectivity.
Decreased cerebral blood flow in the limbic and prefrontal cortex using SPECT imaging in a cohort of completed suicides
Interaction of catechol O-methyltransferase and serotonin transporter genes modulates effective connectivity in a facial emotion-processing circuitry
Effects of methamphetamine abuse and serotonin transporter gene variants on aggression and emotion-processing neurocircuitry
Working memory brain activity and capacity link MAOA polymorphism to aggressive behavior during development
Deficient prefrontal attentional control in late-life generalized anxiety disorder: an fMRI investigation
Differential brain responses to cries of infants with autistic disorder and typical development: An fMRI study
Cortico-cerebellar abnormalities in adolescents with heavy marijuana use.
Abnormal neural activity of brain regions in treatment-resistant and treatment-sensitive major depressive disorder: A resting-state fMRI study
Serotonin-1A receptor binding is positively associated with gray matter volume -- a multimodal neuroimaging study combining PET and structural MRI.
Neural correlates of combinatorial semantic processing of literal and figurative noun noun compound words.
Design choices in imaging speech comprehension: an Activation Likelihood Estimation (ALE) meta-analysis.
ALTERED INSULA ACTIVATION DURING PAIN ANTICIPATION IN INDIVIDUALS RECOVERED FROM ANOREXIA NERVOSA: EVIDENCE OF INTEROCEPTIVE DYSREGULATION
Altered Resting Brain Function and Structure in Professional Badminton Players
Neural activities during affective processing in people with Alzheimer's disease.
The effect of premenstrual dysphoric disorder and menstrual cycle phase on brain activity during response inhibition.
Abnormal Amygdala and Prefrontal Cortex Activation to Facial Expressions in Pediatric Bipolar Disorder
Theory of Mind and the Brain in Anorexia Nervosa: Relation to Treatment Outcome
Amygdala dysfunction attenuates frustration-induced aggression in psychopathic individuals in a non-criminal population.
Gray matter correlates of posttraumatic stress disorder: a quantitative meta-analysis.
Reduced neuronal activity in language-related regions after transcranial magnetic stimulation therapy for auditory verbal hallucinations.
Tract-based diffusion tensor imaging in patients with schizophrenia and their non-psychotic siblings.
Effect of levodopa on both verbal and motor representations of action in Parkinson's disease: a fMRI study.
Executive functions in mild cognitive impairment: emergence and breakdown of neural plasticity.
Phenotypic regional functional imaging patterns during memory encoding in mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer's disease
Neural correlates of social motivation: an fMRI study on power versus affiliation.
Hearing feelings: a quantitative meta-analysis on the neuroimaging literature of emotional prosody perception.
Feasibility of ASL-based phMRI with a single dose of oral citalopram for repeated assessment of serotonin function.
The neural correlates of positive self-evaluation and self-related memory.
Self-regulatory depletion increases emotional reactivity in the amygdala.
DAT by perceived MC interaction on human prefrontal activity and connectivity during emotion processing.
The neurobiology of glucocerebrosidase-associated parkinsonism: a positron emission tomography study of dopamine synthesis and regional cerebral blood flow
Oscillatory Cortical Network Involved in Auditory Verbal Hallucinations in Schizophrenia
Effect of cooperation level of group on punishment for non-cooperators: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
A brain network instantiating approach and avoidance motivation.
Adaptation to cognitive context and item information in the medial temporal lobes.
Tractography-based parcellation of the human left inferior parietal lobule.
Excitatory and inhibitory mechanisms underlying somatosensory habituation.
Is social categorization based on relational ingroup/outgroup opposition? A meta-analysis
Activity in the lateral occipital cortex between 200 and 300 ms distinguishes between physically identical seen and unseen stimuli
The interplay of prefrontal and sensorimotor cortices during inhibitory control of learned motor behavior
Functional anatomy of the masking level difference, an fMRI study.
Appearance matters: neural correlates of food choice and packaging aesthetics.
Altered regional homogeneity in the development of minimal hepatic encephalopathy: a resting-state functional MRI study.
The Neural Bases of Social Intention Understanding: The Role of Interaction Goals
Pragmatics in action: indirect requests engage theory of mind areas and the cortical motor network.
The contribution of primary and secondary somatosensory cortices to the representation of body parts and body sides: an fMRI adaptation study.
Process and domain specificity in regions engaged for face processing: an fMRI study of perceptual differentiation.
The effect of aging on the neural correlates of phonological word retrieval.
Bipolar depressed patients show both failure to activate and failure to de-activate during performance of a working memory task.
Bilateral basal ganglia activity in verbal working memory.
Neurocognitive correlates of the effects of yoga meditation practice on emotion and cognition: a pilot study
A widely distributed spectral signature of task-negative electrocorticography responses revealed during a visuomotor task in the human cortex.
Stepwise connectivity of the modal cortex reveals the multimodal organization of the human brain.
Deciding when to decide: time-variant sequential sampling models explain the emergence of value-based decisions in the human brain.
Opposing effects of aging on large-scale brain systems for memory encoding and cognitive control.
Frontal-amygdala connectivity alterations during emotion downregulation in bipolar I disorder.
Gamma Activation in Young People with Autism Spectrum Disorders and Typically-Developing Controls When Viewing Emotions on Faces
Cortical Thickness and Behavior Abnormalities in Children Born Preterm
Neural Mechanisms Underlying the Cost of Task Switching: An ERP Study
Intense Passionate Love Attenuates Cigarette Cue-Reactivity in Nicotine-Deprived Smokers: An fMRI Study
Is dorsal anterior cingulate cortex activation in response to social exclusion due to expectancy violation? An fMRI study
The repetition paradigm: enhancement of novel metaphors and suppression of conventional metaphors in the left inferior parietal lobe.
Elevated gray matter volume of the emotional cerebellum in women with premenstrual dysphoric disorder.
Distinctive neural signatures for negative sentences in Hindi: an fMRI study.
The Role of Corpus Callosum Development in Functional Connectivity and Cognitive Processing
Hypersensitivity in borderline personality disorder during mindreading.
Structural brain changes in first episode Schizophrenia compared with Fronto-Temporal Lobar Degeneration: a meta-analysis
Neural responses to emotional stimuli in comorbid borderline personality disorder and bipolar depression.
Emotional response inhibition in bipolar disorder: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study of trait- and state-related abnormalities.
The development of hub architecture in the human functional brain network.
Feature-based attention affects direction-selective fMRI adaptation in hMT+.
Dissociated mean and functional connectivity BOLD signals in visual cortex during eyes closed and fixation.
How preparation changes the need for top-down control of the basal ganglia when inhibiting premature actions.
Stress modulates the engagement of multiple memory systems in classification learning.
Neural computations underlying social risk sensitivity.
Task-dependent neural bases of perceiving emotionally expressive targets.
Self-evaluation in schizophrenia: an fMRI study with implications for the understanding of insight
White matter abnormalities correlate with neurocognitive performance in patients with HBV-related cirrhosis.
Functional anatomy of temporal organisation and domain-specificity of episodic memory retrieval.
Parametric coordinate-based meta-analysis: Valid effect size meta-analysis of studies with differing statistical thresholds
An FMRI investigation of the cortical network underlying detection and categorization abilities in hemianopic patients.
Overnight consolidation aids the transfer of statistical knowledge from the medial temporal lobe to the striatum.
Impaired processing of 3D motion-defined faces in mild cognitive impairment and healthy aging: an fMRI study.
Lateral prefrontal cortex is organized into parallel dorsal and ventral streams along the rostro-caudal axis.
The Influence of Socioeconomic Status on Children’s Brain Structure
Neural mechanisms underlying the facilitation of naming in aphasia using a semantic task: an fMRI study
Structural and functional bases of visuospatial associative memory in older adults.
Disentangling linear and nonlinear brain responses to evoked deep tissue pain
Top-down and bottom-up attention-to-memory: mapping functional connectivity in two distinct networks that underlie cued and uncued recognition memory.
Developmental differences in the neural correlates of relational encoding and recall in children: an event-related fMRI study.
Manipulating brain connectivity with delta(9)-tetrahydrocannabinol: a pharmacological resting state FMRI study.
Gustatory perception alterations in obesity: an fMRI study.
Motor and non-motor inhibition in the Go/NoGo task: an ERP and fMRI study.
The neural components of empathy: predicting daily prosocial behavior.
Cervical cord FMRI abnormalities differ between the progressive forms of multiple sclerosis.
Diagnosing different binge-eating disorders based on reward-related brain activation patterns.
Brain activation and functional connectivity in premanifest Huntington's disease during states of intrinsic and phasic alertness.
Impaired social brain network for processing dynamic facial expressions in autism spectrum disorders
Functional neuroanatomy of visual search with differential attentional demands: an fMRI study.
Sensory modality of smoking cues modulates neural cue reactivity.
Sex differences in the human brain and the impact of sex chromosomes and sex hormones.
An fMRI study on cortical responses during active self-touch and passive touch from others
Transcranial magnetic stimulation and preparation of visually-guided reaching movements
Healthy aging is associated with increased neural processing of positive valence but attenuated processing of emotional arousal: an fMRI study.
Direct visualization of cerebellar nuclei in patients with focal cerebellar lesions and its application for lesion-symptom mapping.
Impaired inhibitory control in 'internet addiction disorder': a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Being and feeling in sync with an adaptive virtual partner: brain mechanisms underlying dynamic cooperativity.
Assessment of anhedonia in psychological trauma: psychometric and neuroimaging perspectives
Functional network connectivity of pain-related resting state networks in somatoform pain disorder: an exploratory fMRI study
Spontaneous brain activity relates to autonomic arousal
Psychophysical and neural evidence for emotion-enhanced perceptual vividness.
Effective connectivity of the human cerebellum during visual attention.
Separating 4D multi-task fMRI data of multiple subjects by independent component analysis with projection
Figural memory performance and functional magnetic resonance imaging activity across the adult lifespan.
Alterations in regional homogeneity of resting-state brain activity in internet gaming addicts
Abnormal functional motor lateralization in healthy siblings of patients with schizophrenia.
fMRI changes in cortical activation during task performance with the unaffected hand partially reverse after ropinirole treatment in de novo Parkinson's disease
Familiarity and recollection produce distinct eye movement, pupil and medial temporal lobe responses when memory strength is matched.
The implementation of verbal instructions: dissociating motor preparation from the formation of stimulus-response associations.
Age-related abnormalities in white matter microstructure in autism spectrum disorders.
Too little, too late or too much, too early? Differential hemodynamics of response inhibition in high and low sensation seekers.
Supervisory experience at work is linked to low rate of hippocampal atrophy in late life.
Regional brain activity during early-stage intense romantic love predicted relationship outcomes after 40 months: an fMRI assessment.
Naturalistic FMRI mapping reveals superior temporal sulcus as the hub for the distributed brain network for social perception.
Distinct neural activity associated with focused-attention meditation and loving-kindness meditation.
Active learning of novel sound-producing objects: motor reactivation and enhancement of visuo-motor connectivity.
Prefrontal cortical mechanisms underlying individual differences in cognitive flexibility and stability.
The neural selection and integration of actions and objects: an fMRI study.
Intrinsic architecture underlying the relations among the default, dorsal attention, and frontoparietal control networks of the human brain.
Visual short-term memory load reduces retinotopic cortex response to contrast.
The Neural Correlates of Cognitive Reappraisal during Emotional Autobiographical Memory Recall
Neural Correlates of Negative Emotionality in Borderline Personality Disorder: An Activation-Likelihood-Estimation Meta-Analysis
Context-dependent switching between proactive and reactive working memory control mechanisms in the right inferior frontal gyrus.
The changing landscape of functional brain networks for face processing in typical development
Neural systems mediating recognition of changes in statistical regularities
Level of participation in robotic-assisted treadmill walking modulates midline sensorimotor EEG rhythms in able-bodied subjects.
Neuroanatomical Dissections of Unilateral Visual Neglect Symptoms: ALE Meta-Analysis of Lesion-Symptom Mapping
The co-existence of geriatric depression and amnestic mild cognitive impairment detrimentally affect gray matter volumes: voxel-based morphometry study.
Brain regions involved in the retrieval of spatial and episodic details associated with a familiar environment: an fMRI study.
Neural responses to infants linked with behavioral interactions and testosterone in fathers.
The effects of temporal unpredictability in anticipation of negative events in combat veterans with PTSD.
Cerebral activations related to ballistic, stepwise interrupted and gradually modulated movements in Parkinson patients.
Structural and Functional Abnormalities of Default Mode Network in Minimal Hepatic Encephalopathy: A Study Combining DTI and fMRI
Modulation of brain activity during a Stroop inhibitory task by the kind of cognitive control required.
Neural networks for action representation: a functional magnetic-resonance imaging and dynamic causal modeling study.
Close to you: embodied simulation for peripersonal space in primary somatosensory cortex.
The Neuromagnetic Dynamics of Time Perception
The Effect of Hepatic Encephalopathy, Hepatic Failure, and Portosystemic Shunt on Brain Volume of Cirrhotic Patients: A Voxel-Based Morphometry Study
Abnormalities of resting state functional connectivity are related to sustained attention deficits in MS.
Functional alterations in neural substrates of geometric reasoning in adults with high-functioning autism.
Altered spontaneous activity in young chronic cigarette smokers revealed by regional homogeneity
Mechanisms of change: effects of repetitive exposure to feared stimuli on the brain's fear network.
Cortical regions involved in the observation of bimanual actions.
Reduced specificity of functional connectivity in the aging brain during task performance.
Abnormal neural responses to social exclusion in schizophrenia.
Effect of Acupuncture in Mild Cognitive Impairment and Alzheimer Disease: A Functional MRI Study
Neural correlates of individual performance differences in resolving perceptual conflict.
Grey Matter Alterations Co-Localize with Functional Abnormalities in Developmental Dyslexia: An ALE Meta-Analysis
Symptom attribution in first episode psychosis: a cortical thickness study.
Evidence for alterations in central noradrenergic signaling in irritable bowel syndrome,
Unique topology of language processing brain network: a systems-level biomarker of schizophrenia.
Changes in sensory hand representation and pain thresholds induced by motor cortex stimulation in humans.
Common and segregated processing of observed actions in human SPL.
Learning about time: plastic changes and interindividual brain differences.
Effect of cognitive-behavioral therapy on neural correlates of fear conditioning in panic disorder.
Neural responsivity to food cues in fasted and fed states pre and post gastric bypass surgery.
Meta-analysis of fMRI studies of timing in attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).
Human visual and parietal cortex encode visual choices independent of motor plans.
Decoding the perception of pain from fMRI using multivariate pattern analysis.
The influence of risky and conservative mental sets on cerebral activations of cognitive control.
Source analysis reveals plasticity in the auditory cortex: Evidence for reduced hemispheric asymmetries following unilateral deafness
A voxel-based morphometry study of gray and white matter correlates of a need for uniqueness.
Polyunsaturated fatty acid concentration predicts myelin integrity in early-phase psychosis.
The Neural Processing of Second Language Comprehension Modulated by the Degree of Proficiency: A Listening Connected Speech fMRI Study
Tracking Moving Identities: After Attending the Right Location, the Identity Does Not Come for Free
Dissociated neural processing for decisions in managers and non-managers.
The role of dorsal anterior cingulate cortex in the regulation of craving by reappraisal in smokers.
High-level gait disorder: associations with specific white matter changes observed on advanced diffusion imaging.
Stress sensitive healthy females show less left amygdala activation in response to withdrawal-related visual stimuli under passive viewing conditions.
Is 1 Hz rTMS Always Inhibitory in Healthy Individuals?
Neural Mechanisms of Attentional Control Differentiate Trait and State Negative Affect
Effects of prior information on decoding degraded speech: an fMRI study.
White matter tract integrity of frontostriatal circuit in attention deficit hyperactivity disorder: association with attention performance and symptoms.
Emotional and cognitive processing of narratives and individual appraisal styles: recruitment of cognitive control networks vs. modulation of deactivations
Resting-state connectivity of the amygdala is altered following Pavlovian fear conditioning
The modulating effect of personality traits on neural error monitoring: evidence from event-related FMRI.
Altered spontaneous activity in anisometropic amblyopia subjects: revealed by resting-state FMRI.
The hippocampus remains activated over the long term for the retrieval of truly episodic memories.
Brain Networks of Novelty-Driven Involuntary and Cued Voluntary Auditory Attention Shifting
Relationships between Brain Structure and Metabolic Changes in Schizophrenia Patients Treated with Olanzapine: A Voxel-Based Morphometric Study
Effects of personality trait emotionality on acoustic startle response and prepulse inhibition including N100 and P200 event-related potential
Assessment of memory/attention impairment in children with primary nocturnal enuresis: A voxel-based morphometry study
Altered functional connectivity of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in first-episode patients with major depressive disorder
Acute nicotine differentially impacts anticipatory valence- and magnitude-related striatal activity.
The different faces of one's self: an fMRI study into the recognition of current and past self-facial appearances.
How does brain activation differ in children with unilateral cerebral palsy compared to typically developing children, during active and passive movements, and tactile stimulation? An fMRI study
Reward processing and intertemporal decision making in adults and adolescents: the role of impulsivity and decision consistency.
Neural evidence for a multifaceted model of attachment security.
A linear/nonlinear characterization of resting state brain networks in FMRI time series.
Social inclusion enhances biological motion processing: a functional near-infrared spectroscopy study.
Cortical thickness in untreated transsexuals.
Spatial stimulus configuration and attentional selection: extrastriate and superior parietal interactions.
Functional relevance of micromodules in the human association cortex delineated with high-resolution FMRI.
Dopamine asymmetries predict orienting bias in healthy individuals.
In the zone or zoning out? Tracking behavioral and neural fluctuations during sustained attention.
The dopamine D2 receptor gene DRD2 and the nicotinic acetylcholine receptor gene CHRNA4 interact on striatal gray matter volume: Evidence from a genetic imaging study
A 10-year longitudinal fMRI study of narrative comprehension in children and adolescents.
Abnormal Network Topographies and Changes in Global Activity: Absence of a Causal Relationship
The opponent matters: elevated FMRI reward responses to winning against a human versus a computer opponent during interactive video game playing.
Decreased premotor cortex volume in victims of urban violence with posttraumatic stress disorder.
Brain networks of explicit and implicit learning.
Sex, Lies and fMRI—Gender Differences in Neural Basis of Deception
Levels of integration in cognitive control and sequence processing in the prefrontal cortex.
Investigating Structural Brain Changes of Dehydration Using Voxel-Based Morphometry
Neural Changes following Behavioral Activation for a Depressed Breast Cancer Patient: A Functional MRI Case Study
Effects of an antidepressant on neural correlates of emotional processing in patients with major depression.
Widespread changes of white matter microstructure in obsessive-compulsive disorder: effect of drug status.
Sex differences in white matter development during adolescence: A DTI study
Distinct contributions of the caudate nucleus, rostral prefrontal cortex, and parietal cortex to the execution of instructed tasks.
Brain activity related to the ability to inhibit previous task sets: an fMRI study.
Is it just a brick wall or a sign from the universe? An fMRI study of supernatural believers and skeptics.
When psychopathy impairs moral judgments: neural responses during judgments about causing fear.
Who am I? How do I look? Neural differences in self-identity in anorexia nervosa
Specific neural correlates of successful learning and adaptation during social exchanges.
Fact vs fiction--how paratextual information shapes our reading processes.
Linkage of functional and structural anomalies in the left amygdala of reactive-aggressive men.
'Put on your poker face': neural systems supporting the anticipation for expressive suppression and cognitive reappraisal.
Compassion meditation enhances empathic accuracy and related neural activity.
A neural signature of affiliative emotion in the human septohypothalamic area.
Antidepressant treatment normalizes white matter volume in patients with major depression.
Approach-bias predicts development of cannabis problem severity in heavy cannabis users: results from a prospective FMRI study.
Comparison of spatial working memory in children with prenatal alcohol exposure and those diagnosed with ADHD; A functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Response of neural reward regions to food cues in autism spectrum disorders
Accumbens functional connectivity during reward mediates sensation-seeking and alcohol use in high-risk youth.
Functional and structural neural indices of risk aversion in obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD).
Role of frontal cortex in attentional capture by singleton distractors.
Proactive and Reactive Control During Emotional Interference and its Relationship to Trait Anxiety
Reward circuit function in high BMI individuals with compulsive overeating: similarities with addiction.
Components of vestibular cortical function.
Weekend-weekday advances in sleep timing are associated with altered reward-related brain function in healthy adolescents.
Attentional orienting to mnemonic representations: reduction of load-sensitive maintenance-related activity in the intraparietal sulcus.
The temporal derivative of expected utility: a neural mechanism for dynamic decision-making.
Distinct neural correlates of attending speed vs. coherence of motion.
Functional anatomy of timing differs for production versus prediction of time intervals.
Associations among imaging measures (2): the association between gray matter concentration and task-induced activation changes.
Covarying alterations in Abeta deposition, glucose metabolism, and gray matter volume in cognitively normal elderly.
Faulty Suppression of Irrelevant Material in Patients with Thought Disorder Linked to Attenuated Frontotemporal Activation
Deep brain stimulation induces BOLD activation in motor and non-motor networks: an fMRI comparison study of STN and EN/GPi DBS in large animals.
Dissociating neural correlates of meaningful emblems from meaningless gestures in deaf signers and hearing non-signers
Bromocriptine does not alter speed-accuracy tradeoff.
Human striatum is differentially activated by delayed, omitted, and immediate registering feedback.
Error Awareness and Salience Processing in the Oddball Task: Shared Neural Mechanisms
Abacus in the Brain: A Longitudinal Functional MRI Study of a Skilled Abacus User with a Right Hemispheric Lesion
Effective connectivity between superior temporal gyrus and Heschl’s gyrus during white noise listening: linear versus non-linear models
Resting State Functional Connectivity in Patients with Chronic Hallucinations
On-line changing of thinking about words: the effect of cognitive context on neural responses to verb reading.
Intra- and interhemispheric connectivity between face-selective regions in the human brain.
A compact and realistic cerebral cortical layout derived from prewhitened resting-state fMRI time series: Cherniak's adjacency rule, size law, and metamodule grouping upheld
Coding of multisensory temporal patterns in human superior temporal sulcus
Time-dependent effects of cortisol on selective attention and emotional interference: a functional MRI study
“Doctor” or “darling”? Decoding the communication partner from ECoG of the anterior temporal lobe during non-experimental, real-life social interaction
Counterfactual thinking and reward processing: an fMRI study of responses to gamble outcomes.
The cortical dynamics underlying effective switching of auditory spatial attention.
Fat-free body mass but not fat mass is associated with reduced gray matter volume of cortical brain regions implicated in autonomic and homeostatic regulation.
Studying the topological organization of the cerebral blood flow fluctuations in resting state.
Evaluative vs. trait representation in intergroup social judgments: distinct roles of anterior temporal lobe and prefrontal cortex.
Counterfactuals in action: an fMRI study of counterfactual sentences describing physical effort.
Single-subject oscillatory gamma responses in tinnitus.
Functional brain networks and white matter underlying theory-of-mind in autism.
Anterior insular cortex mediates bodily sensibility and social anxiety.
Effect of direct eye contact in PTSD related to interpersonal trauma: an fMRI study of activation of an innate alarm system.
fMRI of verbal and nonverbal memory processes in healthy and epileptogenic medial temporal lobes
Regional cerebral blood flow differences in patients with mild cognitive impairment between those who did and did not develop Alzheimer's disease.
Global prefrontal and fronto-amygdala dysconnectivity in bipolar I disorder with psychosis history.
Sex differences in language asymmetry are age-dependent and small: A large-scale, consonant–vowel dichotic listening study with behavioral and fMRI data
The neural correlates of affect reading: an fMRI study on faces and gestures.
Developmental differences in hippocampal and cortical contributions to episodic retrieval.
AN INVESTIGATION OF IMPLICIT MEMORY THROUGH LEFT TEMPORAL LOBECTOMY FOR EPILEPSY
Articulatory movements modulate auditory responses to speech.
The missing link: Mothers’ neural response to infant cry related to infant attachment behaviors
Dissociation between process-based and data-based limitations for conscious perception in the human brain.
How to do things with words: role of motor cortex in semantic representation of action words.
Encoding and recall of finger sequences in experienced pianists compared with musically naive controls: a combined behavioral and functional imaging study.
Short-term retrospective versus prospective memory processing as emergent properties of the mind and brain: Human fMRI evidence
Towards systems neuroscience of ADHD: A meta-analysis of 55 fMRI studies
Intrinsic brain connectivity related to age in young and middle aged adults.
Impairment in semantic retrieval is associated with symptoms in schizophrenia but not bipolar disorder.
Brain networks predicting placebo analgesia in a clinical trial for chronic back pain.
Alexithymia and reduced white matter integrity in schizophrenia: a diffusion tensor imaging study on impaired emotional self-awareness.
Disentangling common and specific neural subprocesses of response inhibition
Attentional modulation of source attribution in first-episode psychosis: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Altered resting-state activity in seasonal affective disorder.
Age-related impairment in a complex object discrimination task that engages perirhinal cortex.
Specific frequency bands of amplitude low-frequency oscillation encodes personality.
Functional connectivity evidence of cortico-cortico inhibition in temporal lobe epilepsy.
Brain network of semantic integration in sentence reading: insights from independent component analysis and graph theoretical analysis.
Brain activation patterns during visual episodic memory processing among first-degree relatives of schizophrenia subjects.
Rostral-caudal gradients of abstraction revealed by multi-variate pattern analysis of working memory.
Selection of events in time enhances activity throughout early visual cortex.
Dynamic modulation of intrinsic functional connectivity by transcranial direct current stimulation.
A parametric investigation of pattern separation processes in the medial temporal lobe.
Neurobiological mechanisms underlying the blocking effect in aversive learning.
Conceptual Representations of Perceptual Knowledge
Beyond cortical localization in clinico-anatomical correlation.
The neural correlates of velocity processing during the observation of a biological effector in the parietal and premotor cortex.
Differential neural network of checking versus washing symptoms in obsessive-compulsive disorder
Hippocampal involvement in retrieval of odor vs. object memories.
Branding and a child’s brain: an fMRI study of neural responses to logos
Association of Social Engagement with Brain Volumes Assessed by Structural MRI
Neural mechanisms of subclinical depressive symptoms in women: a pilot functional brain imaging study
Looking at my body. Similarities and differences between anorexia nervosa patients and controls in body image visual processing
Testosterone administration in women increases amygdala responses to fearful and happy faces
Co-localizing linguistic and musical syntax with intracranial EEG.
Characterization of the blood-oxygen level-dependent (BOLD) response in cat auditory cortex using high-field fMRI.
Lying in the scanner: localized inhibition predicts lying skill.
Altered anterior insula activation during anticipation and experience of painful stimuli in expert meditators.
The ‘where’ and the ‘when’ of the BOLD response to pain in the insular cortex. Discussion on amplitudes and latencies
Losing the struggle to stay awake: divergent thalamic and cortical activity during microsleeps.
Test-retest reliability of the BOLD pharmacological MRI response to ketamine in healthy volunteers.
A preliminary study of alterations in default network connectivity in post-traumatic stress disorder patients following recent trauma.
Multivariate prediction of emerging psychosis in adolescents at high risk for schizophrenia.
The neural substrates of inferential and referential semantic processing.
Default mode network activity and white matter integrity in healthy middle-aged ApoE4 carriers.
Social and monetary reward processing in autism spectrum disorders
Neural mechanisms of attentional reorienting in three-dimensional space.
Cognitive regulation during decision making shifts behavioral control between ventromedial and dorsolateral prefrontal value systems.
The influence of individual motor imagery ability on cerebral recruitment during gait imagery.
Structural brain alterations associated with schizophrenia preceded by conduct disorder: a common and distinct subtype of schizophrenia?
The power of a handshake: neural correlates of evaluative judgments in observed social interactions.
Alteration of global workspace during loss of consciousness: a study of parietal seizures.
Antidepressant effects of sertraline associated with volume increases in dorsolateral prefrontal cortex.
Reading without the left ventral occipito-temporal cortex
Cognitive control over motor output in Tourette syndrome
Abnormal baseline brain activity in bipolar depression: a resting state functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Lateralization in intrinsic functional connectivity of the temporoparietal junction with salience- and attention-related brain networks.
Sensitivity to musical structure in the human brain.
Dissociated neural correlates of quantity processing of quantifiers, numbers, and numerosities.
Social Perception in Autism Spectrum Disorders: Impaired Category Selectivity for Dynamic but not Static Images in Ventral Temporal Cortex
Functional heterogeneity in posterior parietal cortex across attention and episodic memory retrieval.
Reduced neural activation during an inhibition task is associated with impaired fear inhibition in a traumatized civilian sample.
Post-traumatic stress symptoms correlate with smaller subgenual cingulate, caudate, and insula volumes in unmedicated combat veterans.
Insular and Anterior Cingulate Circuits in Smokers with Schizophrenia
The impact of "physiological correction" on functional connectivity analysis of pharmacological resting state fMRI.
Physical experience leads to enhanced object perception in parietal cortex: insights from knot tying.
Glutamate modulates resting state activity in the perigenual anterior cingulate cortex – A combined fMRI–MRS study
Age differences of multivariate network expressions during task-switching and their associations with behavior
Right lateralized white matter abnormalities in first-episode, drug-naive paranoid schizophrenia.
Mechanisms of enhancing visual-speech recognition by prior auditory information.
A Peak-Clustering Method for MEG Group Analysis to Minimise Artefacts Due to Smoothness
Metabolic Brain Covariant Networks as Revealed by FDG-PET with Reference to Resting-State fMRI Networks
Behavioral and neural evidence for masked conceptual priming of recollection.
Semantic memory recognition is supported by intrinsic recollection-like processes: "The butcher on the bus" revisited.
Structural and Functional Changes in Subcortical Vascular Mild Cognitive Impairment: A Combined Voxel-Based Morphometry and Resting-State fMRI Study
Resting-state functional connectivity patterns predict Chinese word reading competency.
Systematic Differences in Signal Emitting and Receiving Revealed by PageRank Analysis of a Human Protein Interactome
Differential recruitment of brain networks following route and cartographic map learning of spatial environments.
Are autobiographical memories inherently social? Evidence from an fMRI study.
Argument structure and morphological factors in noun and verb processing: an fMRI study.
Resting-state functional connectivity bias of middle temporal gyrus and caudate with altered gray matter volume in major depression.
Patterns of spontaneous brain activity in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis: a resting-state FMRI study.
Only Low Frequency Event-Related EEG Activity Is Compromised in Multiple Sclerosis: Insights from an Independent Component Clustering Analysis
Plasticity of the injured human spinal cord: insights revealed by spinal cord functional MRI.
Altered brain activity during reward anticipation in pathological gambling and obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Neural Substrates for Semantic Memory of Familiar Songs: Is There an Interface between Lyrics and Melodies?
COMT influences on prefrontal and striatal b responses during working memory among individuals with schizophrenia, their siblings and healthy controls
Source reconstruction based on subdural EEG recordings adds to the presurgical evaluation in refractory frontal lobe epilepsy.
The functional anatomy of non-verbal (pitch memory) function in left and right anterior temporal lobectomy patients
Vision holds a greater share in visuo-haptic object recognition than touch.
Neural basis of multisensory looming signals.
Quantifying temporal correlations: a test-retest evaluation of functional connectivity in resting-state fMRI.
Regional differences in the developmental trajectory of lateralization of the language network.
The influence of positive and negative emotional associations on semantic processing in depression: an fMRI study.
Task-dependent uncertainty modulation of perceptual decisions in the human brain.
Functional connectivity profile of the human inferior frontal junction: involvement in a cognitive control network
5-HTTLPR-environment interplay and its effects on neural reactivity in adolescents.
Role of fusiform and anterior temporal cortical areas in facial recognition.
Effortful listening: the processing of degraded speech depends critically on attention.
Reduced Functional Connectivity of Prefrontal Regions and Amygdala Within Affect and Working Memory Networks in Pediatric Bipolar Disorder
The neural basis of autobiographical memory deficits in transient epileptic amnesia.
Abnormal temporal lobe white matter as a biomarker for genetic risk of bipolar disorder.
Changes in brain morphology in albinism reflect reduced visual acuity.
Self-relevance modulates brain responses to angry body expressions.
Distinct structural alterations independently contributing to working memory deficits and symptomatology in paranoid schizophrenia.
Rapid event-related near-infrared spectroscopy detects age-related qualitative changes in the neural correlates of response inhibition.
Epoch-specific functional networks involved in working memory
Similar neural mechanisms for perceptual guesses and free decisions.
Structural neurobiological correlates of Mayer–Salovery–Caruso Emotional Intelligence Test performance in early course schizophrenia
Meta-Analytic Connectivity Modeling Reveals Differential Functional Connectivity of the Medial and Lateral Orbitofrontal Cortex
Cortical basis for dichotic pitch perception in developmental dyslexia.
Working memory of somatosensory stimuli: an fMRI study.
Attentional shifts induced by uninformative number symbols modulate neural activity in human occipital cortex.
The neural correlates of emotion-based cognitive control in adults with early childhood behavioral inhibition.
Cortical thickness, mental absorption and meditative practice: possible implications for disorders of attention.
Shared and drug-specific effects of atomoxetine and methylphenidate on inhibitory brain dysfunction in medication-naive ADHD boys.
Neural Correlates of Opposing Effects of Emotional Distraction on Perception and Episodic Memory: An Event-Related fMRI Investigation
Impact of Negative Emotion on the Neural Correlates of Long-Term Recognition in Younger and Older Adults
Functional and Anatomical Connectivity Abnormalities in Cognitive Division of Anterior Cingulate Cortex in Schizophrenia
The brain's dorsal route for speech represents word meaning: evidence from gesture.
Resting-State Network Disruption and APOE Genotype in Alzheimer's Disease: A lagged Functional Connectivity Study
Unseen fearful faces promote amygdala guidance of attention.
Subcortical BOLD responses during visual sexual stimulation vary as a function of implicit porn associations in women.
Mindfulness disposition and default-mode network connectivity in older adults.
Neurobiological underpinnings of shame and guilt: a pilot fMRI study.
Hyperactivation balances sensory processing deficits during mood induction in schizophrenia.
The "vegetarian brain": chatting with monkeys and pigs?
Structural-functional correlations between hippocampal volume and cortico-limbic emotional responses in depressed children.
Features versus feelings: dissociable representations of the acoustic features and valence of aversive sounds.
Dopamine modulates episodic memory persistence in old age.
Processing of natural sounds in human auditory cortex: tonotopy, spectral tuning, and relation to voice sensitivity.
Dissociating the detection of intentionality from animacy in the right posterior superior temporal sulcus.
The extended functional neuroanatomy of emotional processing biases for masked faces in major depressive disorder.
Levodopa effects on hand and speech movements in patients with Parkinson's disease: a FMRI study.
Dynamic changes of intrinsic brain activity in cirrhotic patients after transjugular intrahepatic portosystemic shunt: a resting-state FMRI study.
Early altered resting-state functional connectivity predicts the severity of post-traumatic stress disorder symptoms in acutely traumatized subjects.
Neural Processing of Emotional Facial and Semantic Expressions in Euthymic Bipolar Disorder (BD) and Its Association with Theory of Mind (ToM)
Hemispheric asymmetry for affective stimulus processing in healthy subjects--a fMRI study.
Implicit and Explicit Contributions to Object Recognition: Evidence from Rapid Perceptual Learning
Central Projection of Pain Arising from Delayed Onset Muscle Soreness (DOMS) in Human Subjects
Frontostriatal neuroimaging findings differ in patients with bipolar disorder who have or do not have ADHD comorbidity.
Neural correlates of the emotional Stroop task in panic disorder patients: An event-related fMRI study
8. Acute exercise influences reward processing in highly trained and untrained men.
Hard to "tune in": neural mechanisms of live face-to-face interaction with high-functioning autistic spectrum disorder.
Altered negative priming in older subjects: first evidence from behavioral and neural level.
Task Difficulty Modulates the Impact of Emotional Stimuli on Neural Response in Cognitive-Control Regions
Further characterisation of the functional neuroanatomy associated with prosodic emotion decoding.
The effect of distracting noise on the neuronal mechanisms of attention in schizophrenia.
Dissociation and convergence of the dorsal and ventral visual working memory streams in the human prefrontal cortex.
Basal ganglia are active during motor performance recovery after a demanding motor task.
Inter-individual differences in successful perspective taking during pain perception mediates emotional responsiveness in self and others: an fMRI study.
APOE e4 polymorphism in young adults is associated with improved attention and indexed by distinct neural signatures.
Cerebellum and Integration of Neural Networks in Dual-Task Processing
The language of future-thought: an fMRI study of embodiment and tense processing.
Modality-independent decoding of semantic information from the human brain.
Midbrain response to milkshake correlates with ad libitum milkshake intake in the absence of hunger
Atypical activation during the Embedded Figures Task as a functional magnetic resonance imaging endophenotype of autism.
The neural correlates of cognitive control: successful remembering and intentional forgetting.
Amygdala sensitivity to race is not present in childhood but emerges over adolescence.
Inversion effects in face-selective cortex with combinations of face parts.
Nucleus accumbens, thalamus and insula connectivity during incentive anticipation in typical adults and adolescents.
Functional neuroimaging of dressing-related skills.
MRI-based volumetry correlates of autobiographical memory in Alzheimer's disease.
Stimulating creativity via the exposure to other people's ideas.
Neural substrate of the late positive potential in emotional processing.
That's near my hand! Parietal and premotor coding of hand-centered space contributes to localization and self-attribution of the hand.
Default network connectivity in medial temporal lobe amnesia.
Intrinsic amygdala-cortical functional connectivity predicts social network size in humans.
Prefrontally driven downregulation of neural synchrony mediates goal-directed forgetting.
Influence of Alcohol Use and Family History of Alcoholism on Neural Response to Alcohol Cues in College Drinkers
Atypical spatial working memory and task-general brain activity in adolescents with a family history of alcoholism
Evidence of Change in Brain Activity among Childhood Cancer Survivors Participating in a Cognitive Remediation Program
The generation effect: activating broad neural circuits during memory encoding.
Effects of working memory training on functional connectivity and cerebral blood flow during rest
fMRI task parameters influence hemodynamic activity in regions implicated in mental set switching.
Number-space interactions in the human parietal cortex: Enlightening the SNARC effect with functional near-infrared spectroscopy.
The human factor: behavioral and neural correlates of humanized perception in moral decision making.
Brain structure abnormalities in adolescent girls with conduct disorder
Fronto-occipital fasciculus, corpus callosum and superior longitudinal fasciculus tract alterations of first-episode, medication-naïve and late-onset panic disorder patients.
The associative-semantic network for words and pictures: effective connectivity and graph analysis.
Early sensory cortex is activated in the absence of explicit input during crossmodal item retrieval: Evidence from MEG
Task-demands and audio-visual stimulus configurations modulate neural activity in the human thalamus.
Guanfacine modulates the influence of emotional cues on prefrontal cortex activation for cognitive control.
Effects of direct social experience on trust decisions and neural reward circuitry.
Neural correlates of individual differences in manual imitation fidelity
DNA methylation of the oxytocin receptor gene predicts neural response to ambiguous social stimuli.
Parallel ICA identifies sub-components of resting state networks that covary with behavioral indices.
A meta-analytic review of multisensory imagery identifies the neural correlates of modality-specific and modality-general imagery
Language and reading skills in school-aged children and adolescents born preterm are associated with white matter properties on diffusion tensor imaging.
Dual processing streams in chemosensory perception
A differentiation account of recognition memory: evidence from fMRI.
Dopaminergic involvement during mental fatigue in health and cocaine addiction
Affective scenes influence fear perception of individual body expressions.
Attention modulates the dorsal striatum response to love stimuli.
Brain connectivity abnormalities extend beyond the sensorimotor network in peripheral neuropathy.
The human amygdala and pain: evidence from neuroimaging.
Dissociable dorsal and ventral frontostriatal working memory circuits: evidence from subthalamic stimulation in Parkinson's disease.
Bilateral inferior frontal language-related activation correlates with verbal recall in patients with left temporal lobe epilepsy and typical language distribution
Both memory and attention systems contribute to visual search for targets cued by implicitly learned context.
Default-mode network dysfunction and self-referential processing in healthy siblings of schizophrenia patients.
Changes in neural connectivity underlie decision threshold modulation for reward maximization.
Neural correlates of conceptual object priming in young and older adults: an event-related functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Towards a neural circuit model of verbal humor processing: An fMRI study of the neural substrates of incongruity detection and resolution.
Preparatory patterns of neural activity predict visual category search speed.
Functional imaging of brain responses to different outcomes of hypothesis testing: revealed in a category induction task.
Statistical localization of human olfactory cortex.
The neural mechanisms of semantic and response conflicts: An fMRI study of practice-related effects in the Stroop task.
Insight in Schizophrenia: Involvement of Self-Reflection Networks?
Effects of the α₂-adrenergic receptor agonist dexmedetomidine on neural, vascular and BOLD fMRI responses in the somatosensory cortex.
The relationship between puberty and social emotion processing
Mentalising music in frontotemporal dementia.
Neuromagnetic brain activity associated with anticipatory postural adjustments for bimanual load lifting.
Neural correlates of sound externalization.
The overlap of the EBA and the MT/V5 cluster.
Three-way (N-way) fusion of brain imaging data based on mCCA+jICA and its application to discriminating schizophrenia.
A target sample of adolescents and reward processing: same neural and behavioral correlates engaged in common paradigms?
Evidence for a role of a cortico-subcortical network for automatic and unconscious motor inhibition of manual responses.
Retrieval orientation and the control of recollection: an fMRI study.
fMRI reveals reciprocal inhibition between social and physical cognitive domains.
Fear bradycardia and activation of the human periaqueductal grey
Prefrontal Dysfunction during Emotion Regulation in Generalized Anxiety and Panic Disorder
Default mode network connectivity encodes clinical pain: An arterial spin labeling study
The impact of the posterior parietal and dorsolateral prefrontal cortices on the optimization of long-term versus immediate value.
Cognitive-affective neural plasticity following active-controlled mindfulness intervention.
Male carriers of the FMR1 premutation show altered hippocampal-prefrontal function during memory encoding.
An fMRI Study of Neuronal Activation in Schizophrenia Patients with and without Previous Cannabis Use
Abnormal amplitude low-frequency oscillations in medication-naive, first-episode patients with major depressive disorder: a resting-state fMRI study.
Spatiotemporal multi-resolution approximation of the Amari type neural field model.
Processing of speech and non-speech sounds in the supratemporal plane: Auditory input preference does not predict sensitivity to statistical structure.
Imaging neural architecture of the brain based on its multipole magnetic response.
Probabilistic orthographic cues to grammatical category in the brain.
Oxytocin's fingerprint in personality traits and regional brain volume.
Dissociated α-band modulations in the dorsal and ventral visual pathways in visuospatial attention and perception.
When math hurts: math anxiety predicts pain network activation in anticipation of doing math.
State-Related Changes in MEG Functional Connectivity Reveal the Task-Positive Sensorimotor Network
An fMRI Study Exploring the Overlap and Differences between Neural Representations of Physical and Recalled Pain
Increased brain responses during subjectively-matched mechanical pain stimulation in fibromyalgia patients as evidenced by MEG.
Neural control of rising and falling tones in Mandarin speakers who stutter
Alterations in the cortical thickness and the amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation in patients with post-traumatic stress disorder.
Neural basis of implicit memory for socio-emotional information in schizophrenia.
Age-related changes in the somatosensory processing of tactile stimulation--an fMRI study.
Neural mechanism of placebo effects and cognitive reappraisal in emotion regulation
Prefrontal activity in Huntington's disease reflects cognitive and neuropsychiatric disturbances: The IMAGE-HD study
The neural basis of non-native speech perception in bilingual children.
Neurocognitive processing of body representations in artistic and photographic images.
Alexithymia is related to differences in gray matter volume: a voxel-based morphometry study.
Mapping joint grey and white matter reductions in Alzheimer's disease using joint independent component analysis.
Sensitivity to posed and genuine displays of happiness and sadness: a fMRI study.
The effect of individual differences in working memory capacity on sentence comprehension: an FMRI study.
Resting state functional connectivity of the hippocampus associated with neurocognitive function in left temporal lobe epilepsy.
Ventromedial-frontopolar prefrontal cortex atrophy correlates with insight loss in frontotemporal dementia and Alzheimer's disease.
Frequency-specific alternations in the amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations in schizophrenia.
Acute stress influences neural circuits of reward processing.
Structural correlates of skilled performance on a motor sequence task.
Induced Brain Plasticity after a Facilitation Programme for Autobiographical Memory in Multiple Sclerosis: A Preliminary Study
Prefrontal cortex contributions to controlled memory judgment: fMRI evidence from adolescents and young adults.
Dynamic causal modelling of lateral interactions in the visual cortex.
Activation of thalamus in motor imagery results from gating by hypnosis.
Neural activation during anticipation of opposite-sex and same-sex faces in heterosexual men and women.
Toward an affective neuroscience account of financial risk taking.
Differential brain response to alcohol cue distractors across stages of alcohol dependence.
Task difficulty manipulation reveals multiple demand activity but no frontal lobe hierarchy.
Neuroimaging evidence of the anatomo-functional organization of the human cingulate motor areas.
The Prognosis of Allocentric and Egocentric Neglect: Evidence from Clinical Scans
Regional homogeneity within the default mode network in bipolar depression: a resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
A Longitudinal Study of Atrophy in Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment and Normal Aging Revealed by Cortical Thickness
Longitudinal diffusion tensor imaging in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis
Temporal lobe volume abnormalities precede the prodrome: a study of children presenting antecedents of schizophrenia.
Dorsomedial prefrontal cortex mediates rapid evaluations predicting the outcome of romantic interactions.
The neural correlates of recollection: transient versus sustained FMRI effects.
Striatal-Limbic Activation is Associated with Intensity of Anticipatory Anxiety
Nicotine effects on anterior cingulate cortex in schizophrenia and healthy smokers as revealed by EEG-informed fMRI.
Hyperfrontality and hypoconnectivity during refreshing in schizophrenia
Correlation between moderate daily physical activity and neurocognitive variability in healthy elderly people
Nonconscious emotional processing involves distinct neural pathways for pictures and videos.
Cortex-based inter-subject analysis of iEEG and fMRI data sets: Application to sustained task-related BOLD and gamma responses
The relationship between grey-matter and ASD and ADHD traits in typical adults.
Altered integration of speech and gesture in children with autism spectrum disorders.
Functional deficits of the attentional networks in autism.
DISC1 (disrupted-in-schizophrenia 1) is associated with cortical grey matter volumes in the human brain: A voxel-based morphometry (VBM) study
A voxel-based morphometry (VBM) analysis of regional grey and white matter volume abnormalities within the speech production network of children who stutter.
Quantitative cerebral blood flow mapping and functional connectivity of postherpetic neuralgia pain: a perfusion fMRI study.
The effects of the catechol-O-methyltransferase val158met polymorphism on white matter connectivity in patients with panic disorder.
Decreased Default Network Connectivity is Associated with Early Life Stress in Medication-Free Healthy Adults
Comparison of 2D and 3D single-shot ASL perfusion fMRI sequences.
Priming of visual cortex by temporal attention? The effects of temporal predictability on stimulus(-specific) processing in early visual cortical areas.
Decoding brain states using backward edge elimination and graph kernels in fMRI connectivity networks.
Neural activity related to self-initiating elaborative semantic encoding in associative memory.
Dopaminergic dysfunction in abstinent dexamphetamine users: results from a pharmacological fMRI study using a reward anticipation task and a methylphenidate challenge.
Developmental pathways to amygdala-prefrontal function and internalizing symptoms in adolescence
Relevance of Brain Lesion Location to Cognition in Relapsing Multiple Sclerosis
Environmental and Animal Characteristics as Factors Associated with American Cutaneous Leishmaniasis in Rural Locations with Presence of Dogs, Brazil
Distinct contributions of the dorsolateral prefrontal and orbitofrontal cortex during emotion regulation.
The neural correlates of identity faking and concealment: an FMRI study.
Aberrant resting-state corticostriatal functional connectivity in cirrhotic patients with hyperintense globus pallidus on T1-weighted MR imaging.
The subthalamic microlesion story in Parkinson's disease: electrode insertion-related motor improvement with relative cortico-subcortical hypoactivation in fMRI.
General emotion processing in social anxiety disorder: neural issues of cognitive control.
White matter microstructural abnormalities in patients with late-onset schizophrenia identified by a voxel-based diffusion tensor imaging.
Salience network-midbrain dysconnectivity and blunted reward signals in schizophrenia.
Structural brain features of borderline personality and bipolar disorders.
Atomoxetine increases fronto-parietal functional MRI activation in attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder: a pilot study.
Neural correlates of altered response inhibition and dysfunctional connectivity at rest in obsessive–compulsive disorder
Fear-specific amygdala function in children and adolescents on the fragile x spectrum: a dosage response of the FMR1 gene.
Comparison of diffusion-weighted fMRI and BOLD fMRI responses in a verbal working memory task.
The functional neuroanatomy of odor evoked autobiographical memories cued by odors and words.
Behavioral regulation in methamphetamine abusers: an fMRI study.
Diffusion tensor imaging evidence of white matter disruption associated with loss versus alteration of consciousness in warfighters exposed to combat in Operations Enduring and Iraqi Freedom.
White matter microstructural alterations in children with prenatal methamphetamine/polydrug exposure.
White matter integrity in hair-pulling disorder (trichotillomania).
Altered brain function underlying verbal memory encoding and retrieval in psychotic major depression.
Structural and functional cortical disconnection in Alzheimer's disease: a combined study using diffusion tensor imaging and transcranial magnetic stimulation.
Neural basis of contagious itch and why some people are more prone to it.
White Matter Atrophy in Patients with Mesial Temporal Lobe Epilepsy: Voxel-Based Morphometry Analysis of T1- and T2-Weighted MR Images
Functional Networks in Temporal-Lobe Epilepsy: A Voxel-Wise Study of Resting-State Functional Connectivity and Gray-Matter Concentration
Stochastic dynamic causal modeling of working memory connections in cocaine dependence.
Determining the precise cerebral response to acupuncture: an improved FMRI study.
Multiple subregions in superior temporal cortex are differentially sensitive to vocal expressions: a quantitative meta-analysis.
Frontoparietal attentional network activation differs between smokers and nonsmokers during affective cognition.
Abnormal neural activity in partially remitted late-onset depression: an fMRI study of one-back working memory task.
Neural functional and structural correlates of childhood maltreatment in women with intimate-partner violence-related posttraumatic stress disorder.
Neural responses to smoking stimuli are influenced by smokers' attitudes towards their own smoking behaviour.
Different regional gray matter loss in recent onset PTSD and non PTSD after a single prolonged trauma exposure.
Effect of intentional bias on agency attribution of animated motion: an event-related fMRI study.
Neural Correlates of Lyrical Improvisation: An fMRI Study of Freestyle Rap
Lower cognitive reserve in the aging human immunodeficiency virus-infected brain.
Fronto-thalamic volumetry markers of somatic delusions and hallucinations in schizophrenia.
Preserved hippocampal function during learning in the context of risk in adolescent suicide attempt.
Prefrontal gray matter morphology mediates the association between serum anticholinergicity and cognitive functioning in early course schizophrenia
Decreased interhemispheric resting-state functional connectivity in first-episode, drug-naive major depressive disorder
The behavioral and neural effect of emotional primes on intertemporal decisions.
Roman Catholic beliefs produce characteristic neural responses to moral dilemmas.
Temporal dynamics of emotional responding: amygdala recovery predicts emotional traits.
Subclinical delusional thinking predicts lateral temporal cortex responses during social reflection.
Coupling between resting cerebral perfusion and EEG.
Relating anatomical and social connectivity: white matter microstructure predicts emotional empathy.
Methylphenidate enhances executive function and optimizes prefrontal function in both health and cocaine addiction.
Effects of Prior Knowledge on Decisions Made Under Perceptual vs. Categorical Uncertainty.
Exploiting the brain's network structure in identifying ADHD subjects.
Neural Correlates of Time Versus Money in Product Evaluation
Meaningful family relationships: neurocognitive buffers of adolescent risk taking.
Repetition suppression in auditory-motor regions to pitch and temporal structure in music.
Imaging fatigue of interference control reveals the neural basis of executive resource depletion.
Enhanced striatal sensitivity to aversive reinforcement in adolescents versus adults.
Integration of error agency and representation of others' pain in the anterior insula.
Interacting cortical and basal ganglia networks underlying finding and tapping to the musical beat.
Corticolimbic brain reactivity to social signals of threat before and after sertraline treatment in generalized social phobia.
Have we been asking the right questions when assessing response inhibition in go/no-go tasks with fMRI? A meta-analysis and critical review.
MR imaging of the effects of methylphenidate on brain structure and function in attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.
Neuroimaging during Trance State: A Contribution to the Study of Dissociation
Working memory-related functional brain patterns in never medicated children with ADHD.
An FMRI study of the neural systems involved in visually cued auditory top-down spatial and temporal attention.
Hippocampal and entorhinal cortex volume decline in cognitively intact elderly.
Effects of motivation on reward and attentional networks: an fMRI study.
The functional epistasis of 5-HTTLPR and BDNF Val66Met on emotion processing: a preliminary study.
Aberrant neurocognitive processing of fear in young girls with Turner syndrome
Neural responses to expression and gaze in the posterior superior temporal sulcus interact with facial identity.
Striatocortical pathway dysfunction in addiction and obesity: differences and similarities
Developmental changes in within- and between-network connectivity between late childhood and adulthood.
Neural correlates of stimulus response and stimulus outcome shifting in healthy participants and MS patients.
fMRI evidence for dorsal stream processing abnormality in adults born preterm.
When do people cooperate? The neuroeconomics of prosocial decision making
Hormonal contraceptives, menstrual cycle and brain response to faces.
Sight and sound converge to form modality-invariant representations in temporoparietal cortex.
Neural correlates of anticipation risk reflect risk preferences.
Dopamine precursor depletion impairs timing in healthy volunteers by attenuating activity in putamen and supplementary motor area.
Perceptual criteria in the human brain.
Purging of memories from conscious awareness tracked in the human brain.
Positively biased processing of self-relevant social feedback.
Task-relevant and accessory items in working memory have opposite effects on activity in extrastriate cortex.
Brain gray matter phenotypes across the psychosis dimension.
Reduced gray matter volume in psychotic disorder patients with a history of childhood sexual abuse.
Reassessing the HAROLD model: is the hemispheric asymmetry reduction in older adults a special case of compensatory-related utilisation of neural circuits?
Relationship between baseline brain metabolism measured using [18F]FDG PET and memory and executive function in prodromal and early Alzheimer's disease
Mentalizing in preclinical Huntington's disease: an fMRI study using cartoon picture stories.
Auditory spatial attention representations in the human cerebral cortex.
Who needs a referee? How incorrect basketball actions are automatically detected by basketball players' brain
Brain structural changes and neuropsychological impairments in male polydipsic schizophrenia
Impaired decision-making and brain shrinkage in alcoholism
Stem cell therapy: A clinical trial of stroke
Mental images across the adult lifespan: a behavioural and fMRI investigation of motor execution and motor imagery.
Jazz drummers recruit language-specific areas for the processing of rhythmic structure.
Establishing the dopamine dependency of human striatal signals during reward and punishment reversal learning.
Somatosensory-motor adaptation of orofacial actions in posterior parietal and ventral premotor cortices.
scMRI Reveals Large-Scale Brain Network Abnormalities in Autism
Brain structural correlates of reward sensitivity and impulsivity in adolescents with normal and excess weight.
A brain network processing the age of faces.
Common neural recruitment across diverse sustained attention tasks.
Modeling Future Conservation of Hawaiian Honeycreepers by Mosquito Management and Translocation of Disease-Tolerant Amakihi
How expert advice influences decision making.
Placebo Analgesia Affects Brain Correlates of Error Processing
Differential Deactivation during Mentalizing and Classification of Autism Based on Default Mode Network Connectivity
Corticolimbic functional connectivity in adolescents with bipolar disorder.
Getting the word out: neural correlates of enthusiastic message propagation
Personality functioning and the cortical midline structures--an exploratory FMRI study.
Clarifying the Role of the Rostral dmPFC/dACC in Fear/Anxiety: Learning, Appraisal or Expression?
Retrieval search and strength evoke dissociable brain activity during episodic memory recall.
Language experience differentiates prefrontal and subcortical activation of the cognitive control network in novel word learning.
A quantitative meta-analysis and review of motor learning in the human brain
Effect of Two Weeks of rTMS on Brain Activity in Healthy Subjects During an n-Back Task: A Randomized Double Blind Study
The role of dopamine in inhibitory control in smokers and non-smokers: a pharmacological fMRI study.
Foreign accent syndrome: a multimodal evaluation in the search of neuroscience-driven treatments.
Reduced emotion processing efficiency in healthy males relative to females.
Hierarchical organization of cognition reflected in distributed frontoparietal activity.
Distributed representations of rule identity and rule order in human frontal cortex and striatum.
Association of the interleukin 1 beta gene and brain spontaneous activity in amnestic mild cognitive impairment
Comparison of semantic and episodic memory BOLD fMRI activation in predicting cognitive decline in older adults
On noninvasive source imaging of the human K-complex
Brain corticostriatal systems and the major clinical symptom dimensions of obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Functional dissociation within insular cortex: the effect of pre-stimulus anxiety on pain.
Training-associated changes and stability of attention bias in youth: Implications for Attention Bias Modification Treatment for pediatric anxiety
Lack of insula reactivity to aversive stimuli in schizophrenia.
Cytoarchitectonic mapping of attentional selection and reorienting in parietal cortex.
Multimodal imaging reveals the spatiotemporal dynamics of recollection.
Caloric deprivation increases responsivity of attention and reward brain regions to intake, anticipated intake, and images of palatable foods.
Disambiguating the roles of area V1 and the lateral occipital complex (LOC) in contour integration.
Cortical and subcortical responses to high and low effective placebo treatments.
Dorsal and ventral working memory-related brain areas support distinct processes in contextual cueing.
Abnormal baseline brain activity in suicidal and non-suicidal patients with major depressive disorder.
Sensory processing during viewing of cinematographic material: Computational modeling and functional neuroimaging
Neural correlates of mental effort evaluation— involvement of structures related to self-awareness
Default distrust? An fMRI investigation of the neural development of trust and cooperation.
Anticipatory brain activity predicts the success or failure of subsequent emotion regulation.
Differential effects of aging on the neural correlates of recollection and familiarity.
Failure to deactivate the default mode network indicates a possible endophenotype of autism
The neural substrate of the ideomotor principle revisited: Evidence for asymmetries in action-effect learning
Reward circuit connectivity relates to delay discounting in children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.
Synchronizing with auditory and visual rhythms: an fMRI assessment of modality differences and modality appropriateness.
How equivalent are the action execution, imagery, and observation of intransitive movements? Revisiting the concept of somatotopy during action simulation.
An fMRI investigation of posttraumatic flashbacks.
Does an oblique/slanted perspective during virtual navigation engage both egocentric and allocentric brain strategies?
Metabolic and functional connectivity changes in mal de debarquement syndrome.
Age differences in neural activity during slot machine gambling: an fMRI study.
Increased neural habituation in the amygdala and orbitofrontal cortex in social anxiety disorder revealed by FMRI.
Watch Out! Magnetoencephalographic Evidence for Early Modulation of Attention Orienting by Fearful Gaze Cueing
Anatomical correlates of blepharospasm
Can age-related CNS taste differences be detected as early as middle age? Evidence from fMRI
Brain Responses to Food Logos in Obese and Healthy Weight Children
Neuroanatomical correlates of biological motion detection.
Overweight and obesity are associated with neuronal injury in the human cerebellum and hippocampus in young adults: a combined MRI, serum marker and gene expression study
Altered Connectivity of the Balance Processing Network After Tongue Stimulation in Balance-Impaired Individuals
The dark side of the alpha rhythm: fMRI evidence for induced alpha modulation during complete darkness.
Examining the effect of psychopathic traits on gray matter volume in a community substance abuse sample.
A preliminary examination of how serotonergic polymorphisms influence brain response following an adolescent cannabis intervention.
Disruption of large-scale neural networks in non-fluent/agrammatic variant primary progressive aphasia associated with frontotemporal degeneration pathology.
Epoch versus impulse models in the analysis of parametric fMRI studies.
Oral contraceptive use changes brain activity and mood in women with previous negative affect on the pill—A double-blinded, placebo-controlled randomized trial of a levonorgestrel-containing combined oral contraceptive
An fMRI study of episodic encoding across the lifespan: Changes in subsequent memory effects are evident by middle-age
Prefrontal white matter impairment in substance users depends upon the catechol-o-methyl transferase (COMT) val158met polymorphism.
The connectivity of functional cores reveals different degrees of segregation and integration in the brain at rest.
CATEGORY-SPECIFIC SEMANTIC MEMORY: CONVERGING EVIDENCE FROM BOLD fMRI AND ALZHEIMER’S DISEASE
The brain circuitry mediating antipruritic effects of acupuncture.
Common and distinct neural features of social and non-social reward processing in autism and social anxiety disorder.
How silent is silent reading? Intracerebral evidence for top-down activation of temporal voice areas during reading.
Altered functional brain connectivity in a non-clinical sample of young adults with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.
Complexity and Synchronicity of Resting State BOLD FMRI in Normal Aging and Cognitive Decline
MRI Evidence: Acute Mountain Sickness Is Not Associated with Cerebral Edema Formation during Simulated High Altitude
Segregation of Lexical and Sub-Lexical Reading Processes in the Left Perisylvian Cortex
A supramodal neural network for speech and gesture semantics: an fMRI study.
Pulsed ultrasound differentially stimulates somatosensory circuits in humans as indicated by EEG and FMRI.
Major depressive disorder and alterations in insular cortical activity: a review of current functional magnetic imaging research.
Modulation of Auditory Cortex Response to Pitch Variation Following Training with Microtonal Melodies
The effects of CPAP treatment on task positive and default mode networks in obstructive sleep apnea patients: an fMRI study.
Resting-State Connectivity of the Sustained Attention Network Correlates with Disease Duration in Idiopathic Generalized Epilepsy
Effect of Magnitude Estimation of Pleasantness and Intensity on fMRI Activation to Taste
Coupling between visual alpha oscillations and default mode activity.
Action selection in multi-effector decision making.
Altered cerebellar-cerebral resting-state functional connectivity reliably identifies major depressive disorder.
Differential face-network adaptation in children, adolescents and adults.
Pain Catastrophizing is Associated with Dental Pain in a Stressful Context
Cerebral blood flow is diminished in asymptomatic middle-aged adults with maternal history of Alzheimer's disease.
Mom-it helps when you're right here! Attenuation of neural stress markers in anxious youths whose caregivers are present during fMRI.
Prefrontal activity during response inhibition decreases over time in the postpartum period.
Reduced connectivity between the left fusiform body area and the extrastriate body area in anorexia nervosa is associated with body image distortion.
Neural mechanisms of dissonance: an fMRI investigation of choice justification.
Digit somatotopy in the human cerebellum: a 7T fMRI study.
Frontal and temporal contributions to understanding the iconic co-speech gestures that accompany speech.
Laminar thickness alterations in the fronto-parietal cortical mantle of patients with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.
Human ecstasy (MDMA) polydrug users have altered brain activation during semantic processing.
Functional connectivity of substantia nigra and ventral tegmental area: maturation during adolescence and effects of ADHD.
Differences in verbal memory retrieval in breast cancer chemotherapy patients compared to healthy controls: a prospective fMRI study.
Ventral striatum activation to prosocial rewards predicts longitudinal declines in adolescent risk taking.
Behavioral and neural correlates of loss aversion and risk avoidance in adolescents and adults.
Alexithymia decreases altruism in real social decisions.
Reduced inferior frontal gyrus activation during response inhibition to emotional stimuli in youth at high risk of bipolar disorder.
Neural and behavioral effects of a novel mu opioid receptor antagonist in binge-eating obese people.
Default mode network in young people with familial risk for psychosis--the Oulu Brain and Mind study.
Design and evaluation of an innovative MRI-compatible Braille stimulator with high spatial and temporal resolution.
Multivariate classification of structural MRI data detects chronic low back pain.
Association between heart rate variability and fluctuations in resting-state functional connectivity.
Network discovery with large DCMs.
Functional integration processes underlying the instruction-based learning of novel goal-directed behaviors.
Perfumers' expertise induces structural reorganization in olfactory brain regions.
Evidence for feature binding in the superior parietal lobule.
Hippocampus-precuneus functional connectivity as an early sign of Alzheimer's disease: a preliminary study using structural and functional magnetic resonance imaging data.
Spatiotemporal Dynamics of Argument Retrieval and Reordering: An fMRI and EEG Study on Sentence Processing
Protecting the self: the effect of social-evaluative threat on neural representations of self.
Increased facilitatory connectivity from the pre-SMA to the left dorsal premotor cortex during pseudoword repetition.
The biology of linguistic expression impacts neural correlates for spatial language.
Seeing it my way or your way: frontoparietal brain areas sustain viewpoint-independent perspective selection processes.
Differences in brain activity during a verbal associative memory encoding task in high- and low-fit adolescents.
Speech entrainment enables patients with Broca's aphasia to produce fluent speech.
Optimally efficient neural systems for processing spoken language.
Imaging the neural mechanisms of TMS neglect-like bias in healthy volunteers with the interleaved TMS/fMRI technique: preliminary evidence.
Brain networks supporting execution of mathematical skills versus acquisition of new mathematical competence.
Investigating neural efficiency in the visuo-spatial domain: an FMRI study.
Effects of apolipoprotein E genotype on the off-line memory consolidation.
FMRI evidence of 'mirror' responses to geometric shapes.
Regional brain atrophy and functional disconnection in Broca's area in individuals at ultra-high risk for psychosis and schizophrenia.
Auditory Processing under Cross-Modal Visual Load Investigated with Simultaneous EEG-fMRI
Integration of structural and functional magnetic resonance imaging improves mild cognitive impairment detection
Where, when, how high, and how long? The hemodynamics of emotional response in psychotropic-naive patients with adolescent bipolar disorder.
Functional connectivity in apathy of late-life depression: a preliminary study.
Escaping the here and now: evidence for a role of the default mode network in perceptually decoupled thought.
Sex-based fMRI differences in obese humans in response to high vs. low energy food cues.
Access to lexical meaning in pitch-flattened Chinese sentences: an fMRI study.
Neurofunctional correlates of esthetic and moral judgments.
Evidence for a cognitive control network for goal-directed attention in simple sustained attention.
Regulation of brain activity in the fusiform face and parahippocampal place areas in 7-11-year-old children.
Reduced nucleus accumbens reactivity and adolescent depression following early-life stress
The desire for healthy limb amputation: structural brain correlates and clinical features of xenomelia.
Alterations in brain structure and function in breast cancer survivors: effect of post-chemotherapy interval and relation to oxidative DNA damage
Human trace fear conditioning: right-lateralized cortical activity supports trace-interval processes.
Autobiographical significance in past and future public semantic memory: a case-study.
Psychometric intelligence and P3 of the event-related potentials studied with a 3-stimulus auditory oddball task
RESCALE: Voxel-specific task-fMRI scaling using resting state fluctuation amplitude.
The spatiospectral characterization of brain networks: fusing concurrent EEG spectra and fMRI maps.
Mapping brain activity using event-related independent components analysis (eICA): specific advantages for EEG-fMRI.
Frontal function and executive processing in older adults: process and region specific age-related longitudinal functional changes.
Pre-existing brain function predicts subsequent practice of mindfulness and compassion meditation.
Why overlearned sequences are special: distinct neural networks for ordinal sequences
Interaction vs. observation: distinctive modes of social cognition in human brain and behavior? A combined fMRI and eye-tracking study.
FMRI repetition suppression for voices is modulated by stimulus expectations.
Early life stress is associated with greater default network deactivation during working memory in healthy controls: a preliminary report.
Role of the superior parietal lobules in letter-identity processing within strings: FMRI evidence from skilled and dyslexic readers.
Neural correlates of attentional deployment within unpleasant pictures.
Abnormal functional connectivity of the default mode network in remitted late-onset depression.
Amygdala activity contributes to the dissociative effect of cannabis on pain perception.
Not All Reading Disabilities Are Dyslexia: Distinct Neurobiology of Specific Comprehension Deficits
Language aptitude for pronunciation in advanced second language (L2) learners: behavioural predictors and neural substrates.
Neural correlates of music recognition in Down syndrome
Morphometric correlation of impulsivity in medial prefrontal cortex.
Default-mode network functional connectivity in aphasia: therapy-induced neuroplasticity.
Functional connectivity changes in second language vocabulary learning.
Selective role of lingual/parahippocampal gyrus and retrosplenial complex in spatial memory across viewpoint changes relative to the environmental reference frame.
Age-related neural correlates of cognitive task performance under increased postural load
Altered cortico-basal ganglia motor pathways reflect reduced volitional motor activity in schizophrenia.
Movement related dynamics of subthalmo-cortical alpha connectivity in Parkinson's disease.
Speech-induced striatal dopamine release is left lateralized and coupled to functional striatal circuits in healthy humans: a combined PET, fMRI and DTI study.
Modulation of somatosensory processing by action.
The COMT Val/Met polymorphism is associated with reading related skills and consistent patterns of functional neural activation
Separate amygdala subregions signal surprise and predictiveness during associative fear learning in humans.
Resting state functional MRI connectivity predicts hypothalamus-pituitary-axis status in healthy males
Acute tryptophan depletion promotes an anterior-to-posterior fMRI activation shift during task switching in older adults.
How 'love' and 'hate' differ from 'sleep': using combined electro/magnetoencephalographic data to reveal the sources of early cortical responses to emotional words.
Temporal cortex reflects effects of sentence context on phonetic processing.
Early visual responses predict conscious face perception within and between subjects during binocular rivalry
Why mental arithmetic counts: brain activation during single digit arithmetic predicts high school math scores.
Impulsivity and self-control during intertemporal decision making linked to the neural dynamics of reward value representation.
The functional architecture of S1 during touch observation described with 7 T fMRI.
The Relationship between Cerebral Glucose Metabolism and Age: Report of a Large Brain PET Data Set
The decision to engage cognitive control is driven by expected reward-value: neural and behavioral evidence.
APOE status modulates the changes in network connectivity induced by brain stimulation in non-demented elders.
Effects of L-dopa during auditory instrumental learning in humans.
Altered baseline brain activity with 72 h of simulated microgravity--initial evidence from resting-state fMRI.
FMRI resting slow fluctuations correlate with the activity of fast cortico-cortical physiological connections.
Patterns in cortical connectivity for determining outcomes in hand function after subcortical stroke.
Sleep deprivation amplifies striatal activation to monetary reward.
Functional connectivity of left Heschl's gyrus in vulnerability to auditory hallucinations in schizophrenia.
Real-time imaging of cortical and subcortical control of muscle sympathetic nerve activity in awake human subjects.
Early visual and auditory processing rely on modality-specific attentional resources.
Levels of processing and language modality specificity in working memory.
Analysis of "task-positive" and "task-negative" functional networks during the performance of the Symbol Digit Modalities Test in patients at presentation with clinically isolated syndrome suggestive
Defining language networks from resting-state fMRI for surgical planning--a feasibility study.
Diffusion tensor imaging correlates of reading ability in dysfluent and non-impaired readers.
Impaired prefrontal-basal ganglia functional connectivity and substantia nigra hyperactivity in schizophrenia.
Altered C-tactile processing in human dynamic tactile allodynia
Predictions in speech comprehension: fMRI evidence on the meter-semantic interface.
Neuronal effects of auditory distraction on visual attention.
Enhanced left frontal involvement during novel metaphor comprehension in schizophrenia: evidence from functional neuroimaging.
Can skilled readers perform a second task in parallel? A functional connectivity MRI study
Effects of an ambient odor on brain activations during episodic retrieval of objects.
Sex differences in the response to emotional distraction: an event-related fMRI investigation.
Neuroanatomical abnormalities before onset of delusions in patients with Alzheimer’s disease: a voxel-based morphometry study
GABA(A) receptors in visual and auditory cortex and neural activity changes during basic visual stimulation.
An association between human hippocampal volume and topographical memory in healthy young adults
Dynamic BOLD functional connectivity in humans and its electrophysiological correlates.
Alterations in regional homogeneity of resting-state brain activity in mesial temporal lobe epilepsy.
Mesenchymal stem cell transplantation in multiple sclerosis.
Parietal and frontal contributions to episodic encoding of location.
ZNF804A Genotype Modulates Neural Activity during Working Memory for Faces
Auditory modulation of visual stimulus encoding in human retinotopic cortex.
The precuneus and the insula in self-attributional processes.
Complementary hemispheric specialization for language production and visuospatial attention.
Working memory for social information: chunking or domain-specific buffer?
Decoding gender dimorphism of the human brain using multimodal anatomical and diffusion MRI data
Neural Activity during Natural Viewing of Sesame Street Statistically Predicts Test Scores in Early Childhood
Social cognition, the male brain and the autism spectrum.
Therapeutic subthalamic nucleus deep brain stimulation reverses cortico-thalamic coupling during voluntary movements in Parkinson's disease.
Differential grey matter changes in sensorimotor cortex related to exceptional fine motor skills.
Aberrant Whole-Brain Functional Connectivity and Intelligence Structure in Children with Primary Nocturnal Enuresis
Weed or wheel! FMRI, behavioural, and toxicological investigations of how cannabis smoking affects skills necessary for driving.
Alterations in regional homogeneity of spontaneous brain activity in late-life subthreshold depression.
Mathematical Logic in the Human Brain: Semantics
Somatization Severity Associated with Postero-Medial Complex Structures
Serotonin 2A Receptors, Citalopram and Tryptophan-Depletion: a Multimodal Imaging Study of their Interactions During Response Inhibition
Lifelong bilingualism maintains neural efficiency for cognitive control in aging.
Parietal cortex mediates conscious perception of illusory gestalt.
Yoga Meditation Practitioners Exhibit Greater Gray Matter Volume and Fewer Reported Cognitive Failures: Results of a Preliminary Voxel-Based Morphometric Analysis
Two types of mental fatigue affect spontaneous oscillatory brain activities in different ways
Differential effect of glucose ingestion on the neural processing of food stimuli in lean and overweight adults.
Predicting effective connectivity from resting-state networks in healthy elderly and patients with prodromal Alzheimer's disease.
Disrupted functional connectivity of the anterior cingulate cortex in cirrhotic patients without overt hepatic encephalopathy: a resting state fMRI study.
Elevated reward region responsivity predicts future substance use onset but not overweight/obesity onset.
The neural correlates of statistical learning in a word segmentation task: An fMRI study.
Item familiarity and controlled associative retrieval in Alzheimer's disease: an fMRI study.
Differences in the neuronal response to food in obesity-resistant as compared to obesity-prone individuals
BOLD response to deviant face detection informed by P300 event-related potential parameters: a simultaneous ERP-fMRI study.
Vasopressin modulates neural responses related to emotional stimuli in the right amygdala
Toward a minimally invasive brain-computer interface using a single subdural channel: a visual speller study.
Affective decision making under uncertainty during a plausible aviation task: an fMRI study.
Differential reward responses during competition against in- and out-of-network others.
How social is error observation? The neural mechanisms underlying the observation of human and machine errors.
Neural reactivation links unconscious thought to decision-making performance.
Naloxone-Reversible Modulation of Pain Circuitry by Left Prefrontal rTMS
Remembering with gains and losses: effects of monetary reward and punishment on successful encoding activation of source memories.
Interleukin-1 beta C-511T polymorphism modulates functional connectivity of anterior midcingulate cortex in non-demented elderly Han males.
What shall I be, what must I be: neural correlates of personal goal activation
Meditation-related activations are modulated by the practices needed to obtain it and by the expertise: an ALE meta-analysis study
Intrinsic Default Mode Network Connectivity Predicts Spontaneous Verbal Descriptions of Autobiographical Memories during Social Processing
Local Discriminability Determines the Strength of Holistic Processing for Faces in the Fusiform Face Area
Impact of Global Normalization in fMRI Acupuncture Studies
Brain activity underlying auditory perceptual learning during short period training: simultaneous fMRI and EEG recording
Brain imaging reveals that engagement of descending inhibitory pain pathways in healthy women in a low endogenous estradiol state varies with testosterone.
The effects of prior pain experience on neural correlates of empathy for pain: An fMRI study.
Association of MTHFR C677T polymorphism with schizophrenia and its effect on episodic memory and gray matter density in patients
Brain-Derived Neurotrophic Factor (BDNF) Val66Met Polymorphism Differentially Predicts Hippocampal Function in Medication-Free Patients with Schizophrenia
Neural correlates of spatial working memory load in a delayed match-to-sample saccade task.
Cortical systems for local and global integration in discourse comprehension.
Multimodal functional imaging of motor imagery using a novel paradigm.
Using model-based functional MRI to locate working memory updates and declarative memory retrievals in the fronto-parietal network.
Simulated self-motion in a visual gravity field: Sensitivity to vertical and horizontal heading in the human brain
Neurocognitive Brain Response to Transient Impairment of Wernicke's Area.
Discrimination of dementia with Lewy bodies from Alzheimer’s disease using voxel-based morphometry of white matter by statistical parametric mapping 8 plus diffeomorphic anatomic registration through exponentiated Lie algebra
Deconstructing the brain's moral network: dissociable functionality between the temporoparietal junction and ventro-medial prefrontal cortex.
Direct Gaze Elicits Atypical Activation of the Theory-of-Mind Network in Autism Spectrum Conditions.
Interaction of numerosity and time in prefrontal and parietal cortex.
Partly Separated Activations in the Spatial Distribution between de-qi and Sharp Pain during Acupuncture Stimulation: An fMRI-Based Study
The neural substrates of social influence on decision making.
Obsessive Compulsive Disorder Networks: Positron Emission Tomography and Neuropsychology Provide New Insights
Altered effective connectivity network of the basal ganglia in low-grade hepatic encephalopathy: a resting-state fMRI study with Granger causality analysis.
Functional Neural Correlates of Attentional Deficits in Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment
Atypical Functional Connectivity of the Amygdala in Childhood Autism Spectrum Disorders during Spontaneous Attention to Eye-Gaze
Reminders of mortality decrease midcingulate activity in response to others' suffering.
'Like me?': ventromedial prefrontal cortex is sensitive to both personal relevance and self-similarity during social comparisons.
Dimensional change card sort performance associated with age-related differences in functional connectivity of lateral prefrontal cortex.
Cortical thickness alterations in social anxiety disorder.
A pharmaco-fMRI study on pain networks induced by electrical stimulation after sumatriptan injection.
Functional and developmental significance of amplitude variance asymmetry in the BOLD resting-state signal.
When we like what we know--a parametric fMRI analysis of beauty and familiarity.
Disrupted thalamic resting-state functional connectivity in patients with minimal hepatic encephalopathy
Heteromodal conceptual processing in the angular gyrus.
Temporal prediction errors modulate cingulate-insular coupling.
Individual differences in neural regions functionally related to real and imagined stuttering
The impact of passive hyperthermia on human attention networks: an fMRI study.
Functional magnetic resonance imaging during emotion recognition in social anxiety disorder: an activation likelihood meta-analysis
Neural correlates of the behavioral-autonomic interaction response to potentially threatening stimuli
Sex differences in the processing of global vs. local stimulus aspects in a two-digit number comparison task--an fMRI study.
Partial recovery of visual extinction by pavlovian conditioning in a patient with hemispatial neglect.
Relationship of Resting Brain Hyperconnectivity and Schizophrenia-like Symptoms Produced by the NMDA receptor Antagonist Ketamine in Humans
CID: a valid incentive delay paradigm for children.
A pairwise maximum entropy model accurately describes resting-state human brain networks
Neural correlates of spontaneous deception: A functional near-infrared spectroscopy (fNIRS) study
Methylphenidate Normalizes Resting-State Brain Dysfunction in Boys With Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder
Pain Facilitation Brain Regions Activated by Nalbuphine Are Revealed by Pharmacological fMRI
It’s All in the Eyes: Subcortical and Cortical Activation during Grotesqueness Perception in Autism
A shared neural substrate for mentalizing and the affective component of sentence comprehension.
Neural bases for individual differences in the subjective experience of short durations (less than 2 seconds).
Affective and sensorimotor components of emotional prosody generation.
Lateralized interactive social content and valence processing within the human amygdala.
An improvement of independent component analysis with projection method applied to multi-task fMRI data
Allopregnanolone elevations following pregnenolone administration are associated with enhanced activation of emotion regulation neurocircuits.
Involvement of human internal globus pallidus in the early modulation of cortical error-related activity.
Schizophrenia as a network disease: disruption of emergent brain function in patients with auditory hallucinations.
Binding action and emotion in social understanding.
Growth and Spectral Assessment of Yb3+-Doped KBaGd(MoO4)3 Crystal: A Candidate for Ultrashort Pulse and Tunable Lasers
Blunted cardiac stress reactivity relates to neural hypoactivation.
The functional anatomy of suggested limb paralysis
Decreased fMRI activity in the hippocampus of patients with schizophrenia compared to healthy control participants, tested on a wayfinding task in a virtual town.
Functional connectivity of the frontoparietal network predicts cognitive modulation of pain.
Decreased regional homogeneity in lingual gyrus, increased regional homogeneity in cuneus and correlations with panic symptom severity of first-episode, medication-naive and late-onset panic disorder
The impulsivity behavior is correlated with prefrontal cortex gray matter volume reduction in heroin-dependent individuals.
Automatic processing of political preferences in the human brain.
From gestures to words: spontaneous verbal labeling of complex sequential hand movements reduces fMRI activation of the imitation-related regions.
Neural correlates of treatment response in depressed bipolar adolescents during emotion processing.
Synchrony of anterior cingulate cortex and insular-striatal activation predicts ambiguity aversion in individuals with low impulsivity.
Neuroanatomic overlap between intelligence and cognitive factors: morphometry methods provide support for the key role of the frontal lobes.
Differential activation of brain regions involved with error-feedback and imitation based motor simulation when observing self and an expert's actions in pilots and non-pilots on a complex glider land
Working memory training is associated with lower prefrontal cortex activation in a divergent thinking task
Learning by doing? The effect of gestures on implicit retrieval of newly acquired words.
Neural correlates of executive functions in healthy G2019S LRRK2 mutation carriers.
Lexical processing in deaf readers: an FMRI investigation of reading proficiency.
Pattern of Regional Cortical Thinning Associated with Cognitive Deterioration in Parkinson’s Disease
Decreased left middle temporal gyrus volume in antipsychotic drug-naive, first-episode schizophrenia patients and their healthy unaffected siblings.
Functional magnetic resonance imaging adaptation reveals the cortical networks for processing grasp-relevant object properties.
Identifying the cortical substrates of interictal epileptiform activity in patients with extratemporal epilepsy: An EEG-fMRI sequential analysis and FDG-PET study.
Contextual processing of abstract concepts reveals neural representations of nonlinguistic semantic content.
Neural responses to ambiguity involve domain-general and domain-specific emotion processing systems.
The functional topography and temporal dynamics of overlapping and distinct brain activations for adaptive task control and stable task-set maintenance during performance of an fMRI-adapted clinical c
Where one hand meets the other: limb-specific and action-dependent movement plans decoded from preparatory signals in single human frontoparietal brain areas.
Bayesian prediction and evaluation in the anterior cingulate cortex.
How embodied is perceptual decision making? Evidence for separate processing of perceptual and motor decisions.
Neural correlates of reinforcement learning and social preferences in competitive bidding.
The location of feedback-related activity in the midcingulate cortex is predicted by local morphology.
Distinct neuroanatomical bases of episodic and semantic memory performance in Alzheimer's disease.
Neural correlates of somatosensory paired-pulse suppression: a MEG study using distributed source modeling and dynamic spectral power analysis.
Early visual experience and the recognition of basic facial expressions: involvement of the middle temporal and inferior frontal gyri during haptic identification by the early blind.
Attribution of Intentional Causation Influences the Perception of Observed Movements: Behavioral Evidence and Neural Correlates
Neural basis of scientific innovation induced by heuristic prototype.
The brain's specialized systems for aesthetic and perceptual judgment.
Effects of chewing on cognitive processing speed.
The influence of stimulus detection on activation patterns during auditory hallucinations.
Remembering what could have happened: Neural correlates of episodic counterfactual thinking
Syntactic priming and the lexical boost effect during sentence production and sentence comprehension: an fMRI study.
The influence of semantic property and grammatical class on semantic selection
Changes in neural mechanisms of cognitive control during the transition from late adolescence to young adulthood.
The effects of poor quality sleep on brain function and risk taking in adolescence.
EEG correlates of time-varying BOLD functional connectivity.
The anterior insular and anterior cingulate cortices in emotional processing for self-face recognition.
Functional magnetic resonance imaging of chronic dysarthric speech after childhood brain injury: reliance on a left-hemisphere compensatory network.
Anterior temporal face patches: a meta-analysis and empirical study
Brain Activation in Primary Motor and Somatosensory Cortices during Motor Imagery Correlates with Motor Imagery Ability in Stroke Patients
Processing counterfactual and hypothetical conditionals: an fMRI investigation.
Beyond cognitive reserve: Behavioural reserve hypothesis in Frontotemporal Dementia
Brain volumes differ between diagnostic groups of violent criminal offenders.
Inter- and Intrahemispheric Connectivity Differences When Reading Japanese Kanji and Hiragana.
I Can't Keep Your Face and Voice Out of My Head: Neural Correlates of an Attentional Bias Toward Nonverbal Emotional Cues.
The craving stops before you feel it: neural correlates of chocolate craving during cue exposure with response prevention.
When Pinocchio's nose does not grow: belief regarding lie-detectability modulates production of deception.
Differential neural activation patterns in patients with Parkinson's disease and freezing of gait in response to concurrent cognitive and motor load.
Processing pathways in mental arithmetic--evidence from probabilistic fiber tracking.
Effects of AKAP5 Pro100Leu genotype on working memory for emotional stimuli.
Brain networks underlying mental imagery of auditory and visual information.
The encoding/retrieval flip: interactions between memory performance and memory stage and relationship to intrinsic cortical networks.
Biasing free choices: the role of the rostral cingulate zone in intentional control.
The application of nonlinear Dynamic Causal Modelling for fMRI in subjects at high genetic risk of schizophrenia.
The role of visual perception in action anticipation in basketball athletes
Regional cerebral changes and functional connectivity during the observation of negative emotional stimuli in subjects with post-traumatic stress disorder.
Sex differences in the neural bases of social appraisals.
Effects of a GABA-ergic medication combination and initial alcohol withdrawal severity on cue-elicited brain activation among treatment-seeking alcoholics.
Dynamic social power modulates neural basis of math calculation.
Decision-making in Polydrug Amphetamine-type Stimulant Users: an fMRI Study
Ventromedial prefrontal and anterior cingulate cortex adopt choice and default reference frames during sequential multi-alternative choice.
Auditory-motor interactions for the production of native and non-native speech.
Pain-specific modulation of hippocampal activity and functional connectivity during visual encoding.
Diffusion tensor imaging study of white matter fiber tracts in adolescent attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder
Brain circuitries involved in emotional interference task in major depression disorder.
Network Connectivity and Individual Responses to Brain Stimulation in the Human Motor System.
Spatiotemporal Dependency of Age-Related Changes in Brain Signal Variability.
Changes in singing performance and fMRI activation following right temporal lobe surgery.
Relation between structural and functional connectivity in major depressive disorder.
‘Cost in Transliteration’: The neurocognitive processing of Romanized writing
Association between the basal ganglia and large-scale brain networks in epilepsy.
Experimental induction of reading difficulties in normal readers provides novel insights into the neurofunctional mechanisms of visual word recognition.
Using Neural Pattern Classifiers to Quantify the Modularity of Conflict-Control Mechanisms in the Human Brain.
Activation of brain areas concerned with social cognition during moral decisions is abnormal in schizophrenia patients and unaffected siblings
Semantic association fMRI impairments represent a potential schizophrenia biomarker.
ZDHHC8 gene may play a role in cortical volumes of patients with schizophrenia.
Informational connectivity: identifying synchronized discriminability of multi-voxel patterns across the brain.
Cerebellar contributions to visuomotor adaptation and motor sequence learning: an ALE meta-analysis
Anatomical connection strength predicts dopaminergic drug effects on fronto-striatal function
Parietal substrates for dimensional effects in visual search: evidence from lesion-symptom mapping.
Explicit authenticity and stimulus features interact to modulate BOLD response induced by emotional speech.
The parahippocampal gyrus links the default-mode cortical network with the medial temporal lobe memory system.
Divergent neural substrates of inhibitory control in binge eating disorder relative to other manifestations of obesity
Structural Brain Changes in Chronic Pain Reflect Probably Neither Damage Nor Atrophy
The dependencies of fronto-parietal BOLD responses evoked by covert visual search suggest eye-centred coding.
Brain involvement in Alström syndrome
Segregated encoding of reward-identity and stimulus-reward associations in human orbitofrontal cortex.
Musical training intensity yields opposite effects on grey matter density in cognitive versus sensorimotor networks.
Anticipatory Regulation of Action Control in a Simon Task: Behavioral, Electrophysiological, and fMRI Correlates
Uncertainty in visual and auditory series is coded by modality-general and modality-specific neural systems.
Irony comprehension: social conceptual knowledge and emotional response.
The Neural Representation of Abstract Words: The Role of Emotion.
Abdominal fat is associated with a greater brain reward response to high-calorie food cues in Hispanic women
Cortical signatures of dyslexia and remediation: an intrinsic functional connectivity approach.
Emotional picture and word processing: an FMRI study on effects of stimulus complexity.
Corticostriatal contributions to musical expectancy perception.
Brain networks subserving the evaluation of static and dynamic facial expressions.
A functional magnetic resonance imaging study of visuomotor processing in a virtual reality-based paradigm: Rehabilitation Gaming System.
Decreased effective connectivity in the visuomotor system after alcohol consumption
Somatotopic representation of pain in the primary somatosensory cortex (S1) in humans
Neural representation of decision confidence.
How anatomical asymmetry of human auditory cortex can lead to a rightward bias in auditory evoked fields.
Functional specialization and generalization for grouping of stimuli based on colour and motion.
Happy facial expression processing with different social interaction cues: An fMRI study of individuals with schizotypal personality traits
Overlapping and distinct brain regions involved in estimating the spatial position of numerical and non-numerical magnitudes: an fMRI study.
Functional connectivity of the cortical swallowing network in humans.
Transcranial direct current stimulation increases resting state interhemispheric connectivity.
Neural representations of events arise from temporal community structure
Neural correlates of behavioral variation in healthy adults' antisaccade performance.
Do patients with fibromyalgia show abnormal neural responses to the observation of pain in others?
Functional brain imaging of multi-sensory vestibular processing during computerized dynamic posturography using near-infrared spectroscopy.
Extrinsic reference frames modify the neural substrates of object-location representations.
Aberrant connectivity of areas for decoding degraded speech in patients with auditory verbal hallucinations.
Genotype-specific patterns of atrophy progression are more sensitive than clinical decline in SCA1, SCA3 and SCA6.
Obstacle avoidance and smooth trajectory control: neural areas highlighted during improved locomotor performance.
Deficits in Process-Specific Prefrontal and Hippocampal Activations Contribute to Adult Age Differences in Episodic Memory Interference.
Person- and Place-Selective Neural Substrates for Entity-Specific Semantic Access.
Reputational priors magnify striatal responses to violations of trust.
Network analysis of auditory hallucinations in nonpsychotic individuals.
Neural simulation of actions: effector- versus action-specific motor maps within the human premotor and posterior parietal area?
Resting-state activity in the left executive control network is associated with behavioral approach and is increased in substance dependence.
Food labels promote healthy choices by a decision bias in the amygdala.
Motivation alters response bias and neural activation patterns in a perceptual decision-making task
A preliminary study suggests that nicotine and prefrontal dopamine affect cortico-striatal areas in smokers with performance feedback
Brain areas involved in the control of speed during a motor sequence of the foot: Real movement versus mental imagery
Regional gray matter reductions are associated with genetic liability for anxiety and depression: an MRI twin study.
Separable networks for top-down attention to auditory non-spatial and visuospatial modalities.
The role of the thalamic nuclei in recognition memory accompanied by recall during encoding and retrieval: An fMRI study
Neural evidence for a 3-state model of visual short-term memory.
Probabilistic atlases for face and biological motion perception: an analysis of their reliability and overlap.
The functional neuroimaging correlates of psychogenic versus organic dystonia
The stress model of chronic pain: evidence from basal cortisol and hippocampal structure and function in humans.
Syntactic computation in the human brain: the degree of merger as a key factor.
Effect of Bcl-2 rs956572 Polymorphism on Age-Related Gray Matter Volume Changes
CACNA1C risk variant and amygdala activity in bipolar disorder, schizophrenia and healthy controls.
Functional differentiation of memory retrieval network in macaque posterior parietal cortex.
Resting-state functional connectivity of ventral parietal regions associated with attention reorienting and episodic recollection.
Emotional and non-emotional pathways to impulsive behavior and addiction
Attenuated neural response to gamble outcomes in drug-naive patients with Parkinson's disease.
Quantifying the Internal Structure of Categories Using a Neural Typicality Measure.
Neural Correlates of Switching Attentional Focus during Finger Movements: An fMRI Study
Neural mechanisms underlying the integration of situational information into attribution outcomes.
The thalamus and brainstem act as key hubs in alterations of human brain network connectivity induced by mild propofol sedation.
Is there less to social anxiety than meets the eye? Behavioral and neural responses to three socio-emotional tasks
Individual sequence representations in the medial temporal lobe.
Contributions of Medial Temporal Lobe and Striatal Memory Systems to Learning and Retrieving Overlapping Spatial Memories
Neural Correlates of Covert Face Processing: fMRI Evidence from a Prosopagnosic Patient.
Functional Networks in Parallel with Cortical Development Associate with Executive Functions in Children.
The influence of valence and decision difficulty on self-referential processing.
Neural Substrates of Social Emotion Regulation: A fMRI Study on Imitation and Expressive Suppression to Dynamic Facial Signals
Slow biasing of processing resources in early visual cortex is preceded by emotional cue extraction in emotion-attention competition.
Neural correlates of sensory preconditioning: a preliminary fMRI investigation.
Differences in cortical coding of heat evoked pain beyond the perceived intensity: an fMRI and EEG study.
Brain effects of cognitive remediation therapy in schizophrenia: a structural and functional neuroimaging study.
The auditory dorsal stream plays a crucial role in projecting hallucinated voices into external space.
Quantitative morphology of the corpus callosum in obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Reprint of "Effortful control, depression, and anxiety correlate with the influence of emotion on executive attentional control".
CNS BOLD fMRI Effects of Sham-Controlled Transcutaneous Electrical Nerve Stimulation in the Left Outer Auditory Canal – A Pilot Study
Coping with task demand in aging using neural compensation and neural reserve triggers primarily intra-hemispheric-based neurofunctional reorganization.
The role of age of acquisition on past tense generation in Spanish-English bilinguals: an fMRI study.
Picture novelty attenuates semantic interference and modulates concomitant neural activity in the anterior cingulate cortex and the locus coeruleus.
Motion and actions in language: semantic representations in occipito-temporal cortex.
Neural substrates of acupuncture in the modulation of cravings induced by smoking-related visual cues: an fMRI study.
Dissociating memory networks in early Alzheimer's disease and frontotemporal lobar degeneration - a combined study of hypometabolism and atrophy.
Compensatory effort parallels midbrain deactivation during mental fatigue: an fMRI study.
Sequential Soil Transport and Its Influence on the Spatial Organisation of Collective Digging in Leaf-Cutting Ants
When do negative and positive emotions modulate working memory performance?
Trait anxiety modulates fronto-limbic processing of emotional interference in borderline personality disorder.
Responses of medial and ventrolateral prefrontal cortex to interpersonal conflict for resources.
Representational demands modulate involvement of perirhinal cortex in face processing.
Abnormal brain functional connectivity of the hypothalamus in cluster headaches.
Modulation of proprioceptive feedback during functional electrical stimulation: an fMRI study.
Monetary reward processing in obese individuals with and without binge eating disorder.
Phantom pain is associated with preserved structure and function in the former hand area
Reproducibility of brain activation during auditory verbal hallucinations.
Intrinsic connectivity networks and personality: The temperament dimension harm avoidance moderates functional connectivity in the resting brain
Multivoxel patterns reveal functionally differentiated networks underlying auditory feedback processing of speech.
Reward prediction error signal enhanced by striatum-amygdala interaction explains the acceleration of probabilistic reward learning by emotion.
Family history of alcoholism interacts with alcohol to affect brain regions involved in behavioral inhibition.
Fear conditioning in an abdominal pain model: neural responses during associative learning and extinction in healthy subjects.
Working memory processes are mediated by local and long-range synchronization of alpha oscillations.
Common parietal activation in musical mental transformations across pitch and time.
Dysregulated but not decreased salience network activity in schizophrenia.
Dysfunctional visual word form processing in progressive alexia.
Beyond Motor Scheme: A Supramodal Distributed Representation in the Action-Observation Network
Intact inhibitory control processes in abstinent drug abusers (I): A functional neuroimaging study in former cocaine addicts
Functional connectivity in a frontoparietal network involving the dorsal anterior cingulate cortex underlies decisions to accept a hypothesis.
Exploration of the mechanisms underlying the ISPC effect: evidence from behavioral and neuroimaging data.
Resting-state brain activity in major depressive disorder patients and their siblings.
Functional MRI study of response inhibition in myoclonus dystonia
Neural underpinnings of impaired predictive motor timing in children with Developmental Coordination Disorder
The role of top-down control in different phases of a sensorimotor timing task: a DCM study of adults and adolescents.
Neural Evidence for Adaptive Strategy Selection in Value-Based Decision-Making.
Functional Topography of Human Corpus Callosum: An fMRI Mapping Study
Combined analyses of gray matter voxel-based morphometry and white matter tract-based spatial statistics in pediatric bipolar mania.
Clinical and cognitive correlations of regional gray matter atrophy in progressive supranuclear palsy
Dysfunctional neural networks associated with impaired social interactions in early psychosis: an ICA analysis.
Gray matter and white matter abnormalities in online game addiction
Decreased frontal regulation during pain anticipation in unmedicated subjects with major depressive disorder
Altered Default Mode Network Connectivity in Older Adults with Cognitive Complaints and Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment
Altered fronto-limbic activity in children and adolescents with familial high risk for schizophrenia.
Neural correlates of impaired emotion processing in manifest Huntington's disease.
Repetition-related reductions in neural activity reveal component processes of mental simulation
The interactive effect of social pain and executive functioning on aggression: an fMRI experiment.
From mind to matter: neural correlates of abstract and concrete mindsets.
The neural correlates of regulating positive and negative emotions in medication-free major depression.
Brains creating stories of selves: the neural basis of autobiographical reasoning.
Peer influence: neural mechanisms underlying in-group conformity.
Effects of pramipexole on the processing of rewarding and aversive taste stimuli.
Neural networks supporting autobiographical memory retrieval in posttraumatic stress disorder.
Frequency dependent alterations in regional homogeneity of baseline brain activity in schizophrenia.
Altered fronto-striatal and fronto-cerebellar circuits in heroin-dependent individuals: a resting-state FMRI study.
Activation of midbrain and ventral striatal regions implicates salience processing during a modified beads task.
The effect of exogenous cortisol during sleep on the behavioral and neural correlates of emotional memory consolidation in humans
How brooding minds inhibit negative material: an event-related fMRI study.
Real-time imaging of brain areas involved in the generation of spontaneous skin sympathetic nerve activity at rest.
Gray matter volume reduction reflects chronic pain in trigeminal neuralgia.
Exploring the cortical and subcortical functional magnetic resonance imaging changes associated with freezing in Parkinson's disease.
Structural brain alterations in bipolar disorder II: a combined voxel-based morphometry (VBM) and diffusion tensor imaging (DTI) study.
Disease severity is correlated to tract specific changes of fractional anisotropy in MD and CM thalamus--a DTI study in major depressive disorder.
Altered activation in fronto-striatal circuits during sequential processing of conflict in unmedicated adults with obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Recognition of face-name associations after errorless and errorful learning: an fMRI study
Observation of sonified movements engages a basal ganglia frontocortical network
Neural correlates of adaptive social responses to real-life frustrating situations: a functional MRI study
Impact of DCS-facilitated cue exposure therapy on brain activation to cocaine cues in cocaine dependence.
Default Mode Network Functional Connectivity Altered in Failed Back Surgery Syndrome
GABAergic neuroactive steroids and resting-state functional connectivity in postpartum depression: A preliminary study
Unexpected novelty and familiarity orienting responses in lateral parietal cortex during recognition judgment.
Does somatosensory discrimination activate different brain areas in children with unilateral cerebral palsy compared to typically developing children? An fMRI study
MEG premotor abnormalities in children with Asperger's syndrome: Determinants of social behavior?
An fMRI investigation of the cognitive reappraisal of negative memories.
Prediction of individual subject's age across the human lifespan using diffusion tensor imaging: a machine learning approach.
Interregional compensatory mechanisms of motor functioning in progressing preclinical neurodegeneration
Brain correlates of automatic visual change detection.
The role of sleep and sleep deprivation in consolidating fear memories.
Alzheimer's disease-related changes in regional spontaneous brain activity levels and inter-region interactions in the default mode network.
A modified oddball paradigm for investigation of neural correlates of attention: a simultaneous ERP–fMRI study
Early and phasic cortical metabolic changes in vestibular neuritis onset.
Functional network architecture of reading-related regions across development.
Spontaneous EEG alpha oscillation interacts with positive and negative BOLD responses in the visual-auditory cortices and default-mode network.
Neurometrics of intrinsic connectivity networks at rest using fMRI: retest reliability and cross-validation using a meta-level method.
Dynamic causal modelling of effective connectivity during perspective taking in a communicative task.
The role of the left prefrontal cortex in sentence-level semantic integration.
Functional responses and structural connections of cortical areas for processing faces and voices in the superior temporal sulcus.
Crossmodal interactions of haptic and visual texture information in early sensory cortex.
The neural correlates of beauty comparison.
Gray Matter Changes in Subjects at High Risk for Developing Psychosis and First-Episode Schizophrenia: A Voxel-Based Structural MRI Study
Dissociations between the horizontal and dorsoventral axes in body-size perception.
Dynamic Coupling Between the Lateral Occipital-Cortex, Default-Mode, and Frontoparietal Networks During Bistable Perception
Immediate processing of erotic stimuli in paedophilia and controls: a case control study
Working memory in recurrent brief depression: an fMRI pilot study.
Effects of intranasal oxytocin on the neural basis of face processing in autism spectrum disorder.
Hemispheric lateralization of verbal and spatial working memory during adolescence.
Brain correlates of pro-social personality traits: a voxel-based morphometry study.
Neural evidence for an association between social proficiency and sensitivity to social reward.
Neural correlates of the 'good life': eudaimonic well-being is associated with insular cortex volume.
Dissociable Functional Networks of the Human Dentate Nucleus
Training verb argument structure production in agrammatic aphasia: behavioral and neural recovery patterns.
Structural network underlying visuospatial imagery in humans.
Functional organization of human posterior parietal cortex: grasping- and reaching-related activations relative to topographically organized cortex.
Cocaine Dependent Individuals and Gamblers Present Different Associative Learning Anomalies in Feedback-Driven Decision Making: A Behavioral and ERP Study
Automatic phoneme category selectivity in the dorsal auditory stream.
Neural changes with tactile learning reflect decision-level reweighting of perceptual readout.
Time course of recovery showing initial prefrontal cortex changes at 16 weeks, extending to subcortical changes by 3 years in pediatric bipolar disorder.
Value representations by rank order in a distributed network of varying context dependency
Where color rests: spontaneous brain activity of bilateral fusiform and lingual regions predicts object color knowledge performance.
Candy and the brain: neural response to candy gains and losses.
Estimating the Impact of State Budget Cuts and Redirection of Prevention Resources on the HIV Epidemic in 59 California Local Health Departments
Egocentric virtual maze learning in adult survivors of childhood abuse with dissociative disorders: evidence from functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Functional and structural aging of the speech sensorimotor neural system: functional magnetic resonance imaging evidence.
Neuroimaging to detect cortical projection of vestibular response to caloric stimulation in young and older adults using functional near-infrared spectroscopy (fNIRS).
Contributive sources analysis: a measure of neural networks' contribution to brain activations.
No somatotopy of sensorimotor alpha-oscillation responses to differential finger stimulation.
Altered regional homogeneity in pediatric bipolar disorder during manic state: a resting-state fMRI study.
Microstructural White Matter Changes in the Corpus Callosum of Young People with Bipolar Disorder: A Diffusion Tensor Imaging Study
Changes of functional and effective connectivity in smoking replenishment on deprived heavy smokers: a resting-state FMRI study.
Dissociated Grey Matter Changes with Prolonged Addiction and Extended Abstinence in Cocaine Users
High-frequency TRNS reduces BOLD activity during visuomotor learning.
The hierarchical brain network for face recognition.
The role of circulating sex hormones in menstrual cycle-dependent modulation of pain-related brain activation.
Susceptibility-based functional brain mapping by 3D deconvolution of an MR-phase activation map.
Subcortical, Modality-Specific Pathways Contribute to Multisensory Processing in Humans.
Enriched Encoding: Reward Motivation Organizes Cortical Networks for Hippocampal Detection of Unexpected Events.
Affective and executive network processing associated with persuasive antidrug messages.
Amygdala functional connectivity with medial prefrontal cortex at rest predicts the positivity effect in older adults’ memory
Negative BOLD response in the hippocampus during short-term spatial memory retrieval.
Effects of Working Memory Demand on Neural Mechanisms of Motor Response Selection and Control
Age-related changes in brain structural covariance networks
Neurophysiological correlates of anhedonia in feedback processing.
Brain processing of pain in patients with unresponsive wakefulness syndrome.
Interaction between Hippocampal and Striatal Systems Predicts Subsequent Consolidation of Motor Sequence Memory
Early and Late Shift of Brain Laterality in STG, HG, and Cerebellum with Normal Aging during a Short-Term Memory Task
Effects of Number Magnitude and Notation at 7T: Separating the Neural Response to Small and Large, Symbolic and Nonsymbolic Number.
Elevated prefrontal myo-inositol and choline following breast cancer chemotherapy.
Parsing the phonological loop: Activation timing in the dorsal speech stream determines accuracy in speech reproduction
Hierarchical learning induces two simultaneous, but separable, prediction errors in human basal ganglia.
The representation of tool and non-tool object information in the human intraparietal sulcus.
In Search of the Trauma Memory: A Meta-Analysis of Functional Neuroimaging Studies of Symptom Provocation in Posttraumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD)
Can You Catch a Liar? How Negative Emotions Affect Brain Responses when Lying or Telling the Truth
Do EEG paradigms work in fMRI? Varying task demands in the visual oddball paradigm: Implications for task design and results interpretation.
A multi-atlas based method for automated anatomical Macaca fascicularis brain MRI segmentation and PET kinetic extraction.
Neural correlates of rapid antidepressant response to ketamine in treatment-resistant unipolar depression: a preliminary positron emission tomography study.
Structural brain correlates of executive engagement in working memory: children's inter-individual differences are reflected in the anterior insular cortex.
Altered brain structure in Chinese dyslexic children.
Beyond human intentions and emotions
Neural sensitivity to absolute and relative anticipated reward in adolescents.
Dynamic state allocation for MEG source reconstruction
Pervasive competition between threat and reward in the brain.
Differential patterns of nucleus accumbens activation during anticipation of monetary and social reward in young and older adults.
Experimental human endotoxemia enhances brain activity during social cognition.
Anterior cingulate cortex and insula response during indirect and direct processing of emotional faces in generalized social anxiety disorder
Analysis of Abstract and Concrete Word Processing in Persons with Aphasia and Age-Matched Neurologically Healthy Adults Using fMRI
Disrupted connectivity of motor loops in Parkinson's disease during self-initiated but not externally-triggered movements
Neural correlates of Machiavellian strategies in a social dilemma task.
Involvement of the mentalizing network in social and non-social high construal.
Network structure underlying resolution of conflicting non-verbal and verbal social information.
The eye of the self: precuneus volume and visual perspective during autobiographical memory retrieval.
Changes in cerebral morphometry and amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations of BOLD signals during healthy aging: correlation with inhibitory control.
Experience-dependent modulation of feedback integration during singing: role of the right anterior insula.
Anatomical segregation of visual selection mechanisms in human parietal cortex.
Dynamic neural network of insight: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study on solving Chinese 'chengyu' riddles.
The Effects of Visual Control and Distance in Modulating Peripersonal Spatial Representation
Effects of reduced weight maintenance and leptin repletion on functional connectivity of the hypothalamus in obese humans.
Association of cerebral networks in resting state with sexual preference of homosexual men: a study of regional homogeneity and functional connectivity.
White Matter Changes in Patients with Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment Detected by Diffusion Tensor Imaging
Group independent component analysis and functional MRI examination of changes in language areas associated with brain tumors at different locations.
Altered default network resting-state functional connectivity in adolescents with Internet gaming addiction.
Spatiotemporal dynamics of high-gamma activities during a 3-stimulus visual oddball task.
Interhemispheric functional connectivity and its relationships with clinical characteristics in major depressive disorder: a resting state fMRI study.
The scent of salience--is there olfactory-trigeminal conditioning in humans?
Voxel-based morphometry and histological analysis for evaluating hippocampal damage in a rat model of cardiopulmonary resuscitation.
Distinct neural correlates of time-on-task and transient errors during a visuomotor tracking task after sleep restriction.
The importance of integration and top-down salience when listening to complex multi-part musical stimuli.
Early visual learning induces long-lasting connectivity changes during rest in the human brain.
Ventral Striatum Activity in Response to Reward: Differences Between Bipolar I and II Disorders
Cognitive slowing in Parkinson's disease is related to frontostriatal dopaminergic dysfunction.
Increased neural responses to unfairness in a loss context.
Brain activity during motor imagery of an action with an object: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Functional organisation of visual pathways in a patient with no optic chiasm.
Mindfulness and emotion regulation--an fMRI study.
Prefrontal Cortex Organization: Dissociating Effects of Temporal Abstraction, Relational Abstraction, and Integration with fMRI.
Complexity in Relational Processing Predicts Changes in Functional Brain Network Dynamics.
The role of P-glycoprotein in CNS antihistamine effects.
The Influence of the Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuations on Resting-State Functional Connectivity
Converging Evidence for the Processing Costs Associated with Ambiguous Quantifier Comprehension
Suppressing Emotions Impairs Subsequent Stroop Performance and Reduces Prefrontal Brain Activation
Frontostriatal and Mediotemporal Lobe Contributions to Implicit Higher-Order Spatial Sequence Learning Declines in Aging and Parkinson’s Disease
Impairment of script comprehension in Lewy body spectrum disorders.
White matter alterations at 33-year follow-up in adults with childhood attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.
Cultural modulation of the neural correlates of emotional pain perception: The role of other-focusedness
Predicting IQ change from brain structure: A cross-validation study
Prediction error in reinforcement learning: A meta-analysis of neuroimaging studies
Dissociable roles of ventromedial prefrontal cortex (vmPFC) and rostral anterior cingulate cortex (rACC) in value representation and optimistic bias.
Fiber tract-driven topographical mapping (FTTM) reveals microstructural relevance for interhemispheric visuomotor function in the aging brain.
Switch probability context (in)sensitivity within the cognitive control network.
Cognitive regulation of food craving: Effects of three cognitive reappraisal strategies on neural response to palatable foods
When some is not every: dissociating scalar implicature generation and mismatch.
Human cortical activity evoked by gaze shift observation: an intracranial EEG study.
Activation of the cerebellar cortex and the dentate nucleus in a prism adaptation fMRI study.
Anorexia nervosa is linked to reduced brain structure in reward and somatosensory regions: a meta-analysis of VBM studies
Evidence of successful modulation of brain activation and subjective experience during reappraisal of negative emotion in unmedicated depression.
Extended-release naltrexone (XR-NTX) attenuates brain responses to alcohol cues in alcohol-dependent volunteers: A bold FMRI study
I want to lie about not knowing you, but my precuneus refuses to cooperate
Gum chewing inhibits the sensory processing and the propagation of stress-related information in a brain network.
Greater BOLD Activity but More Efficient Connectivity is Associated with Better Cognitive Performance Within a Sample of Nicotine-Deprived Smokers
An fMRI-based neurologic signature of physical pain.
The invisible hand illusion: multisensory integration leads to the embodiment of a discrete volume of empty space.
Retinotopic and lateralized processing of spatial frequencies in human visual cortex during scene categorization.
Abnormal causal attribution leads to advantageous economic decision-making: a neuropsychological approach.
Common brain regions with distinct patterns of neural responses during mentalizing about groups and individuals.
Top-down regulation of default mode activity in spatial visual attention.
The salience network causally influences default mode network activity during moral reasoning.
Differential pattern of functional brain plasticity after compassion and empathy training.
Crossmodal emotional integration in major depression.
Neural correlates of effective and ineffective mood induction.
Relation of obesity to neural activation in response to food commercials.
Neural representation of the sensorimotor speech-action-repository.
Are abstract action words embodied? An fMRI investigation at the interface between language and motor cognition.
LORETA Current Source Density for Duration Mismatch Negativity and Neuropsychological Assessment in Early Schizophrenia
Neural correlates of testing effects in vocabulary learning.
White matter structures associated with empathizing and systemizing in young adults.
Allured or alarmed: counteractive control responses to food temptations in the brain.
Retrieval, Monitoring, and Control Processes: A 7 Tesla fMRI Approach to Memory Accuracy
Sentential context modulates the involvement of the motor cortex in action language processing: an FMRI study.
Activity patterns in the category-selective occipitotemporal cortex predict upcoming motor actions.
Altered gray matter volume in the frontal pain modulation network in patients with cluster headache.
Episodic future thinking is impaired in the behavioural variant of frontotemporal dementia
Neural representations for the generation of inventive conceptions inspired by adaptive feature optimization of biological species
Modeling disease progression via multi-task learning.
The neural network of motor imagery: An ALE meta-analysis
The role of serotonin in the neurocircuitry of negative affective bias: serotonergic modulation of the dorsal medial prefrontal-amygdala 'aversive amplification' circuit.
Monitoring brain activation changes in the early postoperative period after radical prostatectomy using fMRI.
Alterations in resting functional connectivity due to recent motor task
Effect of observation of simple hand movement on brain activations in patients with unilateral cerebral palsy: an fMRI study
Alcohol attenuates amygdala-frontal connectivity during processing social signals in heavy social drinkers: a preliminary pharmaco-fMRI study.
The Pathways for Intelligible Speech: Multivariate and Univariate Perspectives.
Can Taichi reshape the brain? A brain morphometry study.
Verbal Memory Deficits Are Correlated with Prefrontal Hypometabolism in 18FDG PET of Recreational MDMA Users
A beamformer analysis of MEG data reveals frontal generators of the musically elicited mismatch negativity.
An Exploratory Pilot Study of the Relationship between Neural Correlates of Cognitive Control and Reduction in Cigarette Use among Treatment-Seeking Adolescent Smokers
Good, bad and ugly word stress--fMRI evidence for foot structure driven processing of prosodic violations.
Lateralization of affective processing in the insula.
Subregions of the human superior frontal gyrus and their connections.
Multimodal Lexical Processing in Auditory Cortex Is Literacy Skill Dependent.
The endowment effect can extend from self to mother: evidence from an fMRI study.
Reorganization of the auditory, visual and multimodal areas in early deaf individuals
Degradation of stored movement representations in the parkinsonian brain and the impact of levodopa
Functional properties of the left parietal tool use region.
Differential effects of age on subcomponents of response inhibition.
Increased Prefrontal and Parahippocampal Activation with Reduced Dorsolateral Prefrontal and Insular Cortex Activation to Food Images in Obesity: A Meta-Analysis of fMRI Studies
The BDNF Val66Met polymorphism has opposite effects on memory circuits of multiple sclerosis patients and controls.
Hyperthermia-induced disruption of functional connectivity in the human brain network.
Acute stress contributes to individual differences in pain and pain-related brain activity in healthy and chronic pain patients.
Cognitive control and the salience network: an investigation of error processing and effective connectivity.
Letters persistence after physical offset: visual word form area and left planum temporale. An fMRI study.
Sex differences in the neural correlates of affective experience.
Dopaminergic basis of the psychosis-prone personality investigated with functional magnetic resonance imaging of procedural learning.
The Role of the Posterior Temporal and Medial Prefrontal Cortices in Mediating Learning from Romantic Interest and Rejection.
Altered Neuronal Response During Rapid Auditory Processing and Its Relation to Phonological Processing in Prereading Children at Familial Risk for Dyslexia.
Differentiating Patterns of Amygdala-Frontal Functional Connectivity in Schizophrenia and Bipolar Disorder
BOLD human responses to chromatic spatial features.
Gyrification of Broca's region is anomalously lateralized at onset of schizophrenia in adolescence and regresses at 2 year follow-up.
Fractional amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation changes in functional dyspepsia: A resting-state fMRI study
Processing own-age vs. other-age faces: neuro-behavioral correlates and effects of emotion.
Modulating arithmetic fact retrieval: a single-blind, sham-controlled tDCS study with repeated fMRI measurements.
Mapping putative hubs in human, chimpanzee and rhesus macaque connectomes via diffusion tractography.
Functional localization of the auditory thalamus in individual human subjects.
Methylphenidate reduces functional connectivity of nucleus accumbens in brain reward circuit.
Localization of the primary taste cortex by contrasting passive and attentive conditions.
Grapheme-color synesthetes show peculiarities in their emotional brain: cortical and subcortical evidence from VBM analysis of 3D-T1 and DTI data.
Neural Correlates of Treatment in Adolescents with Bipolar Depression During Response Inhibition
Neural correlates of retrieval-based memory enhancement: an fMRI study of the testing effect.
Impaired glucose tolerance in midlife and longitudinal changes in brain function during aging
Changes in resting connectivity with age: a simultaneous electroencephalogram and functional magnetic resonance imaging investigation.
Neural congruency effects in the multi-source interference task vanish in healthy youth after controlling for conditional differences in mean RT.
Brain Activation in Motor Sequence Learning Is Related to the Level of Native Cortical Excitability
Segregation of neural circuits involved in spatial learning in reaching and navigational space.
Diagnostic discontinuity in psychosis: a combined study of cortical gyrification and functional connectivity.
Spatial orienting in complex audiovisual environments.
Unsupervised classification of major depression using functional connectivity MRI.
Association between white matter fiber structure and reward-related reactivity of the ventral striatum.
Longitudinal change in the neural bases of adolescent social self-evaluations: effects of age and pubertal development.
Brain and effort: brain activation and effort-related working memory in healthy participants and patients with working memory deficits.
Functional magnetic resonance imaging identifies somatotopic organization of nociception in the human spinal cord.
Fiber connectivity between the striatum and cortical and subcortical regions is associated with temperaments in Chinese males.
Effect of the COMT val158met polymorphism on white matter connectivity in patients with major depressive disorder
Ventromedial prefrontal cortex and the regulation of physiological arousal.
Self-control, negative affect and neural activity during effortful cognition in deprived smokers.
Do you mean me? Communicative intentions recruit the mirror and the mentalizing system.
Modulatory effects of the piccolo genotype on emotional memory in health and depression.
Diminished activation of motor working-memory networks in Parkinson's disease.
Resting-state connectivity deficits associated with impaired inhibitory control in non-treatment-seeking adolescents with psychotic symptoms
Disruption of anterior insula modulation of large-scale brain networks in schizophrenia.
Structural integrity of the substantia nigra and subthalamic nucleus predicts flexibility of instrumental learning in older-age individuals
Semantic versus perceptual interactions in neural processing of speech-in-noise.
Prefrontal cortex involvement in creative problem solving in middle adolescence and adulthood.
Age-related differences in memory-encoding fMRI responses after accounting for decline in vascular reactivity.
Long-range functional interactions of anterior insula and medial frontal cortex are differently modulated by visuospatial and inductive reasoning tasks.
The orthographic sensitivity to written Chinese in the occipital-temporal cortex.
The neural correlates of incidental self-processing induced by handwritten negative words.
Sex-specific gray matter volume differences in females with developmental dyslexia.
Increased Functional Connectivity and Brain Atrophy in Elderly with Subjective Memory Complaints
Decreased gray matter volume of the medial orbitofrontal cortex in panic disorder with agoraphobia: A preliminary study
White-matter microstructure and gray-matter volumes in adolescents with subthreshold bipolar symptoms
Neural response in obsessive-compulsive washers depends on individual fit of triggers.
Disrupting the brain to validate hypotheses on the neurobiology of language
Overlapping multivoxel patterns for two levels of visual expectation
Numerical Transcoding Proficiency in 10-Year-Old Schoolchildren is Associated with Gray Matter Inter-Individual Differences: A Voxel-Based Morphometry Study
Explicating the face perception network with white matter connectivity.
Optimally-Discriminative Voxel-Based Morphometry significantly increases the ability to detect group differences in Schizophrenia, Mild Cognitive Impairment, and Alzheimer’s Disease
Mapping interhemispheric connectivity using functional MRI after transcranial magnetic stimulation on the human auditory cortex.
Frequency specific interactions of MEG resting state activity within and across brain networks as revealed by the Multivariate Interaction Measure
Expertise modulates local regional homogeneity of spontaneous brain activity in the resting brain: an fMRI study using the model of skilled acupuncturists.
Functional neuroimaging of Social and Nonsocial Cognitive Control in Autism
Tracking the implicit self using event-related potentials.
Revisiting the functional specialization of left inferior frontal gyrus in phonological and semantic fluency: the crucial role of task demands and individual ability.
Cognitive Inflexibility in Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder and Major Depression Is Associated with Distinct Neural Correlates
Bimanual motor coordination in older adults is associated with increased functional brain connectivity--a graph-theoretical analysis.
Increased cortical activity in binge drinkers during working memory task: a preliminary assessment through a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Can the Neural Basis of Repression Be Studied in the MRI Scanner? New Insights from Two Free Association Paradigms
The congruency effect in the posterior medial frontal cortex is more consistent with time on task than with response conflict.
How We Know It Hurts: Item Analysis of Written Narratives Reveals Distinct Neural Responses to Others' Physical Pain and Emotional Suffering
Pattern classification of brain activation during emotional processing in subclinical depression: psychosis proneness as potential confounding factor
Childhood maternal support and social capital moderate the regulatory impact of social relationships in adulthood.
Resting state synchrony in long-term abstinent alcoholics with versus without comorbid drug dependence.
Cerebellar activity and connectivity during the experience of disgust and happiness
Role of the hippocampus and orbitofrontal cortex during the disambiguation of social cues in working memory.
Social perception in schizophrenia: evidence of temporo-occipital and prefrontal dysfunction.
Modulation of amygdala response and connectivity in depression by serotonin transporter polymorphism and diagnosis.
Decreased functional connectivity of the amygdala in Alzheimer's disease revealed by resting-state fMRI
Neural correlates of episodic memory: associative memory and confidence drive hippocampus activations.
Differences between endogenous and exogenous emotion inhibition in the human brain.
Greater risk sensitivity of dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in young smokers than in nonsmokers.
Brain activation deficit in increased-load working memory tasks among adults with ADHD using fMRI.
Beyond the Language Given: The Neural Correlates of Inferring Speaker Meaning.
Neuromagnetic Evidence of Abnormal Movement-Related Beta Desynchronization in Parkinson's Disease.
Fixation-Related fMRI Analysis in the Domain of Reading Research: Using Self-Paced Eye Movements as Markers for Hemodynamic Brain Responses During Visual Letter String Processing.
Functional Connectivity and Brain Activation: A Synergistic Approach.
Neural correlates of the perception for novel objects.
Early-Stage Psychotherapy Produces Elevated Frontal White Matter Integrity in Adult Major Depressive Disorder
Tool selectivity in left occipitotemporal cortex develops without vision.
Perceptual integration for qualitatively different 3-D cues in the human brain.
Impaired language function in generalized epilepsy: Inadequate suppression of the default mode network
The Neural Correlates of the Face Attractiveness Aftereffect: A Functional Near-infrared Spectroscopy (fNIRS) Study
The impact of distractor congruency on stimulus processing in retinotopic visual cortex.
Task-Free Functional MRI in Cervical Dystonia Reveals Multi-Network Changes That Partially Normalize with Botulinum Toxin
Progressive White Matter Microstructure Damage in Male Chronic Heroin Dependent Individuals: A DTI and TBSS Study
Linear association between social anxiety symptoms and neural activations to angry faces: from subclinical to clinical levels.
The ups and downs of repetition: modulation of the perirhinal cortex by conceptual repetition predicts priming and long-term memory.
Cortical effects of user training in a motor imagery based brain–computer interface measured by fNIRS and EEG
Shared neural substrates of emotionally enhanced perceptual and mnemonic vividness.
Correlations between brain activity and components of motor learning in middle-aged adults: an fMRI study.
High proficiency in a second language is characterized by greater involvement of the first language network: evidence from Chinese learners of English.
The role of automaticity and attention in neural processes underlying empathy for happiness, sadness, and anxiety
The Effect of Threat on Novelty Evoked Amygdala Responses
Inhibitory control and trait aggression: neural and behavioral insights using the emotional stop signal task.
Sex matters: Neural correlates of voice gender perception.
Task-load manipulation in the Symbol Digit Modalities Test: an alternative measure of information processing speed.
Dissociable fronto-striatal effects of dopamine D2 receptor stimulation on cognitive versus motor flexibility.
Imitation behavior is sensitive to visual perspective of the model: an fMRI study.
Cortical signature of neurological soft signs in recent onset schizophrenia.
Neurobiological systems for lexical representation and analysis in English.
Social manipulation of preference in the human brain.
Dissociable attentional and affective circuits in medication-naïve children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.
Hypnotic susceptibility modulates brain activity related to experimental placebo analgesia.
You can't stop the music: Reduced auditory alpha power and coupling between auditory and memory regions facilitate the illusory perception of music during noise
Genetic and environmental contributions to brain activation during calculation.
Mean-based neural coding of voices.
Tactile stimulation and hemispheric asymmetries modulate auditory perception and neural responses in primary auditory cortex.
Neural predictors and mechanisms of cognitive behavioral therapy on threat processing in social anxiety disorder
Modulation of effective connectivity during vocalization with perturbed auditory feedback
An fMRI study on sunk cost effect.
Assessing crossmodal matching of abstract auditory and visual stimuli in posterior superior temporal sulcus with MEG
Differential responses to anticipation of reward after an acute dose of the designer drugs benzylpiperazine (BZP) and trifluoromethylphenylpiperazine (TFMPP) alone and in combination using functional
Assessing Cue-Induced Brain Response as a Function of Abstinence Duration in Heroin-Dependent Individuals: An Event-Related fMRI Study
Different types of laughter modulate connectivity within distinct parts of the laughter perception network.
Aberrant Functional Organization within and between Resting-State Networks in AD
Selectively and progressively disrupted structural connectivity of functional brain networks in Alzheimer's disease - revealed by a novel framework to analyze edge distributions of networks detecting disruptions with strong statistical evidence.
Self-regulation of human brain activity using simultaneous real-time fMRI and EEG neurofeedback.
Influence of Alcohol Use on Neural Response to Go/No-Go Task in College Drinkers
Common and unique gray matter correlates of episodic memory dysfunction in frontotemporal dementia and Alzheimer's disease.
Surprisingly correct: unexpectedness of observed actions activates the medial prefrontal cortex.
Top-down and bottom-up influences on the left ventral occipito-temporal cortex during visual word recognition: an analysis of effective connectivity.
Assessing the function of the fronto-parietal attention network: insights from resting-state fMRI and the attentional network test.
The spontaneous fluctuation of the excitability of a single node modulates the internodes connectivity: a TMS-EEG study.
Mapping neurotransmitter networks with PET: an example on serotonin and opioid systems.
Gearing up for action: Attentive tracking dynamically tunes sensory and motor oscillations in the alpha and beta band☆
Reduced functional connectivity and asymmetry of the planum temporale in patients with schizophrenia and first-degree relatives.
Cannabis use, cognition and brain structure in first-episode psychosis.
Diminished rostral anterior cingulate cortex activation during trauma-unrelated emotional interference in PTSD
Exposure to violence reduces empathetic responses to other's pain.
Cognitive control dysfunction and abnormal frontal cortex activation in stimulant drug users and their biological siblings
Inferior Frontal Cortex Modulation with an Acute Dose of Heroin During Cognitive Control
The Functional Neuroanatomy of Male Psychosexual and Physiosexual Arousal: A Quantitative Meta-Analysis
A functional magnetic resonance imaging study mapping the episodic memory encoding network in temporal lobe epilepsy.
Functional MRI of cerebellar activity during eyeblink classical conditioning in children and adults.
Adaptive cluster analysis approach for functional localization using magnetoencephalography.
A Comparison between Uni- and Bilateral tDCS Effects on Functional Connectivity of the Human Motor Cortex.
Neural basis of impaired cognitive flexibility in patients with anorexia nervosa.
Structural and Functional Connectivity Changes in the Brain Associated with Shyness but Not with Social Anxiety
Repetition priming effects dissociate between miniature eye movements and induced gamma-band responses in the human electroencephalogram.
Impaired inhibitory control in anorexia nervosa elicited by physical activity stimuli.
Brain characteristics of individuals resisting age-related cognitive decline over two decades.
Stimulus value signals in ventromedial PFC reflect the integration of attribute value signals computed in fusiform gyrus and posterior superior temporal gyrus.
Prefrontal cholinergic mechanisms instigating shifts from monitoring for cues to cue-guided performance: converging electrochemical and fMRI evidence from rats and humans.
Sensory and striatal areas integrate auditory and visual signals into behavioral benefits during motion discrimination.
The role of prestimulus activity in visual extinction☆
Improvements in white matter micro-structural integrity of right uncinate fasciculus and left fronto-occipital fasciculus of remitted first-episode medication-naïve panic disorder patients.
Abnormal processing of deontological guilt in obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Blunted feelings: Alexithymia is associated with a diminished neural response to speech prosody.
Prospective associations between brain activation to cocaine and no-go cues and cocaine relapse.
Altered regional homogeneity patterns in adults with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder
Facilitation of naming in aphasia with auditory repetition: an investigation of neurocognitive mechanisms.
Distinct encoding of risk and value in economic choice between multiple risky options
Everyday conversation requires cognitive inference: neural bases of comprehending implicated meanings in conversations.
The challenge of localizing the anterior temporal face area: a possible solution.
The roles of superficial amygdala and auditory cortex in music-evoked fear and joy.
Hippocampal activation during extinction learning predicts occurrence of the renewal effect in extinction recall.
Differential role of the Mentalizing and the Mirror Neuron system in the imitation of communicative gestures.
Magnetic resonance imaging in patients with borderline personality disorder: a study of volumetric abnormalities.
Altered functional connectivity of the insular cortex across prefrontal networks in cocaine addiction
Pain sensitisers exhibit grey matter changes after repetitive pain exposure: A longitudinal voxel-based morphometry study
Neuroticism and the brain: a quantitative meta-analysis of neuroimaging studies investigating emotion processing.
Decreased brain volumes in manganese-exposed welders
Evaluating ambivalence: social-cognitive and affective brain regions associated with ambivalent decision-making.
How emotional abilities modulate the influence of early life stress on hippocampal functioning.
Volume reductions in frontopolar and left perisylvian cortices in methamphetamine induced psychosis.
Orientation pop-out processing in human visual cortex.
Preventing Alzheimer's disease-related gray matter atrophy by B-vitamin treatment.
Neural effects of positive and negative incentives during marijuana withdrawal.
Using high angular resolution diffusion imaging data to discriminate cortical regions.
Evaluation of enhanced attention to local detail in anorexia nervosa using the embedded figures test; an FMRI study.
Neural correlates of sound localization in complex acoustic environments.
Altered hub configurations within default mode network following acupuncture at ST36: a multimodal investigation combining fMRI and MEG.
T'ain't what you say, it's the way that you say it--left insula and inferior frontal cortex work in interaction with superior temporal regions to control the performance of vocal impersonations.
Switch the itch: a naturalistic follow-up study on the neural correlates of cognitive flexibility in obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Menstrual pain is associated with rapid structural alterations in the brain.
Heroin abuse accelerates biological aging: a novel insight from telomerase and brain imaging interaction
Compassion training alters altruism and neural responses to suffering.
Insular cortex mediates increased pain tolerance in yoga practitioners.
Category Specific Spatial Dissociations of Parallel Processes Underlying Visual Naming.
Extended self: spontaneous activation of medial prefrontal cortex by objects that are 'mine'
Disrupted causal connectivity in mesial temporal lobe epilepsy.
Disorder-specific predictive classification of adolescents with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) relative to autism using structural magnetic resonance imaging.
Differential effects of dual and unihemispheric motor cortex stimulation in older adults.
Common and specific brain responses to scenic emotional stimuli.
A surface-based analysis of language lateralization and cortical asymmetry.
Combined ERP/fMRI evidence for early word recognition effects in the posterior inferior temporal gyrus.
Widespread decreased grey and white matter in paediatric obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD): A voxel-based morphometric MRI study
Cytoarchitecture, probability maps and functions of the human frontal pole.
Striatum-Based Circuitry of Adolescent Depression and Anhedonia
Action prediction in younger versus older adults: neural correlates of motor familiarity.
Hippocampal Functional Connectivity Patterns During Spatial Working Memory Differ in Right Versus Left Temporal Lobe Epilepsy
Schizophrenia and the brain's control network: aberrant within- and between-network connectivity of the frontoparietal network in schizophrenia.
Resting state neural networks for visual Chinese word processing in Chinese adults and children.
Risk-taking and social exclusion in adolescence: Neural mechanisms underlying peer influences on decision-making
Cocaine addiction related reproducible brain regions of abnormal default-mode network functional connectivity: a group ICA study with different model orders.
Altered White Matter Integrity in the Congenital and Late Blind People
Activity in the primary somatosensory cortex induced by reflexological stimulation is unaffected by pseudo-information: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Frontoparietal mechanisms supporting attention to location and intensity of painful stimuli.
Emotion modulates activity in the 'what' but not 'where' auditory processing pathway.
The cognitive and neural basis of option generation and subsequent choice.
Psychophysiological responses to pain identify reproducible human clusters.
Memory reorganization following anterior temporal lobe resection: a longitudinal functional MRI study.
Increased gyrification, but comparable surface area in adolescents with autism spectrum disorders.
Brain mechanisms of valuable scientific problem finding inspired by heuristic knowledge.
Heightened emotional contagion in mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer's disease is associated with temporal lobe degeneration.
Ongoing neural development of affective theory of mind in adolescence.
The neural bases of the multiplication problem-size effect across countries.
Association between Dopamine D4 Receptor Polymorphism and Age Related Changes in Brain Glucose Metabolism
Abnormal baseline brain activity in non-depressed Parkinson's disease and depressed Parkinson's disease: a resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Repetition Suppression for Speech Processing in the Associative Occipital and Parietal Cortex of Congenitally Blind Adults
Sustained deep-tissue pain alters functional brain connectivity.
Dissociable neural modulation underlying lasting first impressions, changing your mind for the better, and changing it for the worse.
The brain's silent messenger: using selective attention to decode human thought for brain-based communication.
Reward-related neural responses are dependent on the beneficiary.
Graph network analysis of immediate motor-learning induced changes in resting state BOLD.
Automatic processing of unattended object features by functional connectivity.
BOLD Frequency Power Indexes Working Memory Performance.
Breastfeeding and early white matter development: A cross-sectional study☆
Structural connectivity of visuotopic intraparietal sulcus.
Reduced dorso-lateral prefrontal cortex in treatment resistant schizophrenia.
A Longitudinal Study of Hand Motor Recovery after Sub-Acute Stroke: A Study Combined fMRI with Diffusion Tensor Imaging
Reduced neuro-integration from the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex to the whole brain and executive dysfunction in schizophrenia patients and their relatives.
Altered affective processing in bipolar disorder: an fMRI study.
Encoding- and retrieval-related brain activity underlying false recognition
Altered resting-state brain activity at functional MRI during automatic memory consolidation of fear conditioning.
Specific frequency band of amplitude low-frequency fl uctuation predicts Parkinson's disease.
Links among resting-state default-mode network, salience network, and symptomatology in schizophrenia.
Groupwise spatial normalization of fMRI data based on multi-range functional connectivity patterns.
Guided exploration of genomic risk for gray matter abnormalities in schizophrenia using parallel independent component analysis with reference.
The CONNECT project: Combining macro- and micro-structure.
Print-specific multimodal brain activation in kindergarten improves prediction of reading skills in second grade.
fMRI Assessment of Thalamocortical Connectivity during Attentional Performance
Dissociation of reach-related and visual signals in the human superior colliculus.
Differentiating core and co-opted mechanisms in calculation: the neuroimaging of calculation in aphasia.
Is a neutral expression also a neutral stimulus? A study with functional magnetic resonance.
Dissociating frontal regions that co-lateralize with different ventral occipitotemporal regions during word processing.
Storage of a naturally acquired conditioned response is impaired in patients with cerebellar degeneration.
Perceived stress predicts altered reward and loss feedback processing in medial prefrontal cortex.
Neural correlates of deception in social contexts in normally developing children.
Insular Dysfunction Reflects Altered Between-Network Connectivity and Severity of Negative Symptoms in Schizophrenia during Psychotic Remission.
Neurofunctional effects of methylphenidate and atomoxetine in boys with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder during time discrimination.
Personality traits modulate neural responses to emotions expressed in music.
Tinnitus and musical hallucinosis: The same but more
Dynamic changes in parietal activation during encoding: Implications for human learning and memory
A 7T fMRI study of cerebellar activation in sequential finger movement tasks.
Ventral encoding of functional affordances: a neural pathway for identifying errors in action.
Don't be Too Strict with Yourself! Rigid Negative Self-Representation in Healthy Subjects Mimics the Neurocognitive Profile of Depression for Autobiographical Memory.
Cortical oxygen consumption in mental arithmetic as a function of task difficulty: a near-infrared spectroscopy approach.
Recollection, familiarity, and content-sensitivity in lateral parietal cortex: a high-resolution fMRI study.
Listening to an audio drama activates two processing networks, one for all sounds, another exclusively for speech.
Communicative versus strategic rationality: Habermas theory of communicative action and the social brain.
Examination of the predictive value of structural magnetic resonance scans in bipolar disorder: a pattern classification approach
Group-level impacts of within- and between-subject hemodynamic variability in fMRI.
White matter microstructure in individuals at clinical high risk of psychosis: a whole-brain diffusion tensor imaging study.
Brain Responses to Acupuncture Are Probably Dependent on the Brain Functional Status
Emotion Processing in Women with Schizophrenia Is Menstrual Cycle Phase and Affective Valence Dependent: An fMRI Study
Characterizing functional integrity: intraindividual brain signal variability predicts memory performance in patients with medial temporal lobe epilepsy.
Foraging under competition: the neural basis of input-matching in humans.
The neural correlates of 'vitality form' recognition: an fMRI study: This work is dedicated to Daniel Stern, whose immeasurable contribution to science has inspired our research.
Robust Automated Detection of Microstructural White Matter Degeneration in Alzheimer’s Disease Using Machine Learning Classification of Multicenter DTI Data
Linguistic Grammar Learning and DRD2-TAQ-IA Polymorphism
Early Spatial Frequency Processing of Natural Images: An ERP Study
Decoding the neural mechanisms of human tool use
Functional Connectivity of the Default Mode Network and Its Association With Pain Networks in Irritable Bowel Patients Assessed via Lidocaine Treatment
Cortisol and induced cognitive fatigue: effects on memory activation in healthy males.
Cerebral responses to vocal attractiveness and auditory hallucinations in schizophrenia: a functional MRI study
Is aberrant functional connectivity a psychosis endophenotype? A resting state functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Neural mechanisms underlying ecstasy-related attentional bias.
The influence of combined cognitive plus social-cognitive training on amygdala response during face emotion recognition in schizophrenia.
Diffusion restriction in the human spinal cord characterized in vivo with high b-value STEAM diffusion imaging.
Mapping the reading circuitry for skilled deaf readers: an fMRI study of semantic and phonological processing.
Time-on-task and sleep deprivation effects are evidenced in overlapping brain areas.
Distinct neural activation patterns underlie economic decisions in high and low psychopathy scorers.
Neural substrates of classically conditioned fear-generalization in humans: a parametric fMRI study.
COMT Val158Met x SLC6A4 5-HTTLPR interaction impacts on gray matter volume of regions supporting emotion processing.
Imagining the future: evidence for a hippocampal contribution to constructive processing.
Anterior Insular Cortex and Emotional Awareness
Age-related similarities and differences in brain activity underlying reversal learning
Prefrontal inhibition of threat processing reduces working memory interference.
Resting state brain function analysis using concurrent BOLD in ASL perfusion fMRI.
Memory-related hippocampal activity can be measured robustly using FMRI at 7 tesla.
Prenatal cocaine exposure and gray matter volume in adolescent boys and girls: relationship to substance use initiation.
The retention of simultaneous tones in auditory short-term memory: A magnetoencephalography study
Neural correlates of adaptation in freely-moving normal hearing subjects under cochlear implant acoustic simulations.
Culture and its neurofunctional correlates when death is in mind.
Deficient modulation of pain by a positive emotional context in fibromyalgia patients.
Impact of contour on aesthetic judgments and approach-avoidance decisions in architecture.
Visual avoidance in phobia: particularities in neural activity, autonomic responding, and cognitive risk evaluations.
Segregation of the human medial prefrontal cortex in social cognition
Combination of Resting State fMRI, DTI, and sMRI Data to Discriminate Schizophrenia by N-way MCCA + jICA.
Altered regional homogeneity with short-term simulated microgravity and its relationship with changed performance in mental transformation.
A large scale (N=102) functional neuroimaging study of response inhibition in a Go/NoGo task.
Do mirror neuron areas mediate mu rhythm suppression during imitation and action observation?
Brain activity correlated with food preferences: A functional study comparing advanced non-small cell lung cancer patients with and without anorexia
Network dysfunction during associative learning in schizophrenia: Increased activation, but decreased connectivity: an fMRI study.
Motivational salience and genetic variability of dopamine D2 receptor expression interact in the modulation of interference processing.
The role of dysfunctional attentional control networks in visual misperceptions in Parkinson's disease.
Effect of visual feedback on brain activation during motor tasks: An fMRI study
Amygdala, pulvinar, and inferior parietal cortex contribute to early processing of faces without awareness.
Seeking a bridge between language and motor cortices: a PPI study.
Neural Correlates of Opposing Effects of Emotional Distraction on Working Memory and Episodic Memory: An Event-Related fMRI Investigation
Loss of Sustained Activity in the Ventromedial Prefrontal Cortex in Response to Repeated Stress in Individuals with Early-Life Emotional Abuse: Implications for Depression Vulnerability
Temporal components in the parahippocampal place area revealed by human intracerebral recordings.
Concurrent synaptic and systems memory consolidation during sleep.
fMRI Evidence of Acupoints Specificity in Two Adjacent Acupoints
Working memory dysfunction in schizophrenia patients with obsessive-compulsive symptoms: An fMRI study
Cognitive Reappraisal of Emotion: A Meta-Analysis of Human Neuroimaging Studies.
Longitudinal working memory development is related to structural maturation of frontal and parietal cortices.
Global increase in task-related fronto-parietal activity after focal frontal lobe lesion.
Cortical activation deficits during facial emotion processing in youth at high risk for the development of substance use disorders.
Differences in global and local level information processing in autism: an fMRI investigation.
Altered volume and lateralization of language-related regions in first-episode schizophrenia.
Emotion-related brain activity to conflicting socio-emotional cues in unmedicated depression.
Posterior cerebellar vermal deficits in bipolar disorder.
Cortico-subcortical activation patterns for itch and pain imagery.
Comparing neural response to painful electrical stimulation with functional MRI at 3 and 7 T.
The amygdala encodes level of perceived fear but not emotional ambiguity in visual scenes.
The neural substrates of the warning effect: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Structural brain correlates of human sleep oscillations.
Development of memory for spatial context: hippocampal and cortical contributions.
Interactions between reward and threat during visual processing.
Cognitive and affective theory of mind share the same local patterns of activity in posterior temporal but not medial prefrontal cortex.
Physiological and psychological individual differences influence resting brain function measured by ASL perfusion.
Visual Predictions in the Orbitofrontal Cortex Rely on Associative Content.
fMRI evidence of a hot-cold empathy gap in hypothetical and real aversive choices.
Effects of Alcohol Intoxication on Response Conflict in a Flanker Task
Functional alteration patterns of default mode networks: comparisons of normal aging, amnestic mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer's disease.
Functional activation during reading in relation to the sulci of the angular gyrus region.
Neural mechanisms of risky decision-making and reward response in adolescent onset cannabis use disorder.
Neural substrates of cognitive switching and inhibition in a face processing task.
The amygdalostriatal and corticostriatal effective connectivity in anticipation and evaluation of facial attractiveness.
Cognitive subtypes of dyslexia are characterized by distinct patterns of grey matter volume.
Long-term occupational stress is associated with regional reductions in brain tissue volumes.
Voxel-based morphometry in women with borderline personality disorder with and without comorbid posttraumatic stress disorder.
The fusiform face area responds equivalently to faces and abstract shapes in the left and central visual fields.
Hyperthymic temperament and brightness judgment in healthy subjects: involvement of left inferior orbitofrontal cortex.
The neural correlates of cognitive control in bipolar I disorder: an fMRI study of medial frontal cortex activation during a Go/No-go task.
Sleep restriction increases the neuronal response to unhealthy food in normal-weight individuals
Cortical organization of inhibition-related functions and modulation by psychopathology
Just watching the game ain't enough: striatal fMRI reward responses to successes and failures in a video game during active and vicarious playing.
Influence of anxiety on temporomandibular disorders--an epidemiological survey with elders and adults in Southern Brazil.
Age-dependent changes in the neural substrates of empathy in autism spectrum disorder.
Traits are represented in the medial prefrontal cortex: an fMRI adaptation study.
Amygdala activation for eye contact despite complete cortical blindness.
A critical role for the hippocampus and perirhinal cortex in perceptual learning of scenes and faces: complementary findings from amnesia and FMRI.
Brain regions that represent amodal conceptual knowledge.
A balancing act of the brain: activations and deactivations driven by cognitive load.
Altered baseline brain activity in type 2 diabetes: A resting-state fMRI study
Dissociable Somatotopic Representations of Chinese Action Verbs in the Motor and Premotor Cortex
In vivo assessment of human brain oscillations during application of transcranial electric currents
Temporal Sequencing of Brain Activations During Naturally Occurring Thermoregulatory Events.
Neural correlates of impaired volitional action control in schizophrenia patients.
Intracranial EEG evaluation of relationship within a resting state network.
Stress differentially affects fear conditioning in men and women
The effects of mindfulness-based cognitive therapy in patients with bipolar disorder: a controlled functional MRI investigation.
The influence of monetary punishment on cognitive control in abstinent cocaine-users.
Trait anhedonia is associated with reduced reactivity and connectivity of mesolimbic and paralimbic reward pathways
Abnormal gray and white matter volume in delusional infestation
General fluid-type intelligence is related to indices of white matter structure in middle-aged and old adults.
Neurofeedback-mediated self-regulation of the dopaminergic midbrain
Sex Differences in Emotion-related Cognitive Processes in Irritable Bowel Syndrome and Healthy Control Subjects
Tackling the multifunctional nature of Broca's region meta-analytically: Co-activation-based parcellation of area 44
Response inhibition and elevated parietal-cerebellar correlations in chronic adolescent cannabis users
Neural underpinnings of behavioural strategies that prioritize either cognitive task performance or pain.
White-matter microstructure and language lateralization in left-handers: a whole-brain MRI analysis.
Resting state functional connectivity associated with trait emotional intelligence.
Disrupted cortico-cerebellar connectivity in older adults
She runs, the road runs, my mind runs, bad blood runs between us: literal and figurative motion verbs: an fMRI study.
A NIRS-fMRI investigation of prefrontal cortex activity during a working memory task.
Longitudinal changes in brains of patients with fluent primary progressive aphasia.
The contribution of fronto-parietal regions to sentence comprehension: insights from the Moses illusion.
Relationships between years of education and gray matter volume, metabolism and functional connectivity in healthy elders.
Neural mechanisms of cognitive reappraisal in remitted major depressive disorder.
Long-chain omega-3 fatty acids improve brain function and structure in older adults.
Over-activation in bilateral superior temporal gyrus correlated with subsequent forgetting effect of Chinese words.
Sensorimotor-independent prefrontal activity during response inhibition.
Default mode network connectivity distinguishes chemotherapy-treated breast cancer survivors from controls.
Evidence of impaired brain activity balance after passive sensorimotor stimulation in multiple sclerosis.
Long-Term Stabilization Effects of Leptin on Brain Functions in a Leptin-Deficient Patient
A Self-Organizing Model of the Visual Development of Hand-Centred Representations
Altered brain morphometry in carpal tunnel syndrome is associated with median nerve pathology☆☆☆
Is there a cerebellar compensatory effort in first-episode, treatment-naive major depressive disorder at rest?
Altered neural circuits related to sustained attention and executive control in children with ADHD: an event-related fMRI study.
Interoceptive and multimodal functions of the operculo-insular cortex: tactile, nociceptive and vestibular representations.
In vivo characterization of the early states of the amyloid-beta network.
Distinct patterns of functional brain connectivity correlate with objective performance and subjective beliefs.
The brain basis of musicophilia: evidence from frontotemporal lobar degeneration
Semantic Memory fMRI and Cognitive Function After Exercise Intervention in Mild Cognitive Impairment
Tired and apprehensive: anxiety amplifies the impact of sleep loss on aversive brain anticipation.
The differential effects of reward on space- and object-based attentional allocation.
The brain dynamics of rapid perceptual adaptation to adverse listening conditions.
Plasticity in the Visual System is Associated with Prosthesis Use in Phantom Limb Pain.
Ongoing egocentric spatial processing during learning of non-spatial information results in temporal-parietal activity during retrieval
Discrete Neural Correlates for the Recognition of Negative Emotions: Insights from Frontotemporal Dementia
An fMRI Study of Audiovisual Speech Perception Reveals Multisensory Interactions in Auditory Cortex
The anterior hippocampus supports a coarse, global environmental representation and the posterior hippocampus supports fine-grained, local environmental representations.
Putting an "end" to the motor cortex representations of action words.
Sleep-dependent neurophysiological processes in implicit sequence learning.
Methamphetamine dependent individuals show attenuated brain response to pleasant interoceptive stimuli.
Gender differences in creative thinking: behavioral and fMRI findings.
Resting-state fMRI mapping of cerebellar functional dysconnections involving multiple large-scale networks in patients with schizophrenia.
Systematic review and voxel-based meta-analysis of diffusion tensor imaging studies in bipolar disorder.
Serotonin 2A receptors contribute to the regulation of risk-averse decisions.
From Vivaldi to Beatles and back: Predicting lateralized brain responses to music
Effect of aging on the cerebral processing of thermal pain in the human brain.
White matter microstructure correlates of inhibition and task-switching in adolescents.
Action semantics and movement characteristics engage distinct processing streams during the observation of tool use.
Effects of acute alcohol intoxication on saccadic conflict and error processing.
Perceiving nonverbal behavior: neural correlates of processing movement fluency and contingency in dyadic interactions.
Neural processing of race during imitation: self-similarity versus social status.
The role of 5-HT in response inhibition and re-engagement.
Decreased and increased cerebral regional homogeneity in early Parkinson's disease.
An fMRI examination of the effects of acoustic-phonetic and lexical competition on access to the lexical-semantic network.
Networks involved in olfaction and their dynamics using independent component analysis and unified structural equation modeling.
The perception of dynamic and static facial expressions of happiness and disgust investigated by ERPs and fMRI constrained source analysis.
Changes in Functional Integration with the Non-Epileptic Temporal Lobe of Patients with Unilateral Mesiotemporal Epilepsy
Self-reflection and positive schizotypy in the adolescent brain.
Disrupted white matter in language and motor tracts in developmental stuttering.
Age of language learning shapes brain structure: a cortical thickness study of bilingual and monolingual individuals.
No evidence for association between bipolar disorder risk gene variants and brain structural phenotypes.
Abnormal auditory sensory gating-out in first-episode and never-medicated paranoid schizophrenia patients: an fMRI study.
Functional imaging of an alcohol-Implicit Association Test (IAT)
Sensorimotor and Pain Modulation Brain Abnormalities in Trigeminal Neuralgia: A Paroxysmal, Sensory-Triggered Neuropathic Pain
Spatiotemporal Segregation of Neural Response to Auditory Stimulation: An fMRI Study Using Independent Component Analysis and Frequency-Domain Analysis.
Default Mode Network Connectivity in Stroke Patients.
Comparative semantic profiles in semantic dementia and Alzheimer’s disease
Spontaneous Slow Fluctuation of EEG Alpha Rhythm Reflects Activity in Deep-Brain Structures: A Simultaneous EEG-fMRI Study.
Effective Connectivity During Feature-Based Attentional Capture: Evidence Against the Attentional Reorienting Hypothesis of TPJ.
Enhanced visual cortical activation for emotional stimuli is preserved in patients with unilateral amygdala resection.
Ventromedial prefrontal cortex encodes emotional value.
Clustering the lexicon in the brain: a meta-analysis of the neurofunctional evidence on noun and verb processing
Complexity of motor sequences and cortical reorganization in Parkinson's disease: a functional MRI study.
A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study of Pathophysiological Changes Responsible for Mirror Movements in Parkinson’s Disease
Convergent Findings of Altered Functional and Structural Brain Connectivity in Individuals with High Functioning Autism: A Multimodal MRI Study.
Atypical Balance between Occipital and Fronto-Parietal Activation for Visual Shape Extraction in Dyslexia
Brain regions responsible for tinnitus distress and loudness: a resting-state FMRI study.
The Attention Modulation on Timing: An Event-Related Potential Study
Abnormal Spontaneous Neural Activity in Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study.
Escitalopram Decreases Cross-Regional Functional Connectivity within the Default-Mode Network.
Aversive event anticipation affects connectivity between the ventral striatum and the orbitofrontal cortex in an fMRI avoidance task.
The neural basis of conceptual–emotional integration and its role in major depressive disorder
Disrupted amygdala-prefrontal functional connectivity in civilian women with posttraumatic stress disorder
Functional similarity of facial emotion processing between people with a first episode of psychosis and healthy subjects.
Role of posterior parietal cortex in reaching movements in humans. Clinical implication for ‘optic ataxia’
Heart rate variability and its neural correlates during emotional face processing in social anxiety disorder.
White-matter density abnormalities in depressive patients with and without childhood neglect: a voxel-based morphometry (VBM) analysis.
Robust estimation of fractal measures for characterizing the structural complexity of the human brain: optimization and reproducibility.
The “handwriting brain”: A meta-analysis of neuroimaging studies of motor versus orthographic processes
Division of labor between left and right human auditory cortices during the processing of intensity and duration.
A longitudinal examination of adolescent response inhibition: neural differences before and after the initiation of heavy drinking.
Remitted major depression is characterized by reduced prefrontal cortex reactivity to reward loss
Neural mechanisms of impulse control in sexually risky adolescents.
Readiness to change and brain damage in patients with chronic alcoholism.
Seeing or moving in parallel: the premotor cortex does both during bimanual coordination, while the cerebellum monitors the behavioral instability of symmetric movements.
Identifying Emotions on the Basis of Neural Activation.
Stress Impact on Resting State Brain Networks.
Length of Acupuncture Training and Structural Plastic Brain Changes in Professional Acupuncturists
Manipulation of and sustained effects on the human brain induced by different modalities of acupuncture: an fMRI study.
Reward sensitivity is associated with brain activity during erotic stimulus processing.
A Preliminary Study of the Human Brain Response to Oral Sucrose and its Association with Recent Drinking
Amodal processing in human prefrontal cortex.
Acupuncture-Evoked Response in Somatosensory and Prefrontal Cortices Predicts Immediate Pain Reduction in Carpal Tunnel Syndrome
Functional anatomy of writing with the dominant hand.
Regional Brain Structural Abnormality in Meal-Related Functional Dyspepsia Patients: A Voxel-Based Morphometry Study
Altered Functional Connectivity of the Primary Visual Cortex in Subjects with Amblyopia
Abnormal activity of default mode network in GERD patients
Cortical surface area and IQ in very-low-birth-weight (VLBW) young adults.
Effects of age and gender on neural networks of motor response inhibition: from adolescence to mid-adulthood.
Same as it ever was: Vividness modulates the similarities and differences between the neural networks that support retrieving remote and recent autobiographical memories
Effects of citalopram and escitalopram on fMRI response to affective stimuli in healthy volunteers selected by serotonin transporter genotype
A systematic review of diffusion weighted MRI studies of white matter microstructure in adolescent substance users.
Left auditory cortex is involved in pairwise comparisons of the direction of frequency modulated tones.
Spatial and temporal features of superordinate semantic processing studied with fMRI and EEG.
Neural traces of stress: cortisol related sustained enhancement of amygdala-hippocampal functional connectivity
Rethinking the role of the rTPJ in attention and social cognition in light of the opposing domains hypothesis: findings from an ALE-based meta-analysis and resting-state functional connectivity
Individual differences in emotion-cognition interactions: emotional valence interacts with serotonin transporter genotype to influence brain systems involved in emotional reactivity and cognitive cont
Action simulation in hallucination-prone adolescents.
Framing the ultimatum game: the contribution of simulation.
Learning to like disgust: neuronal correlates of counterconditioning.
The effect of object processing in content-dependent source memory
Cerebral blood flow measured by arterial-spin labeling MRI: A useful biomarker for characterization of minimal hepatic encephalopathy in patients with cirrhosis
Cortico-subcortical neuronal circuitry associated with reconsolidation of human procedural memories.
Brain response during visual emotional processing: an fMRI study of alexithymia
Outcome dependency alters the neural substrates of impression formation.
The stimuli drive the response: an fMRI study of youth processing adult or child emotional face stimuli.
Chemotherapy altered brain functional connectivity in women with breast cancer: a pilot study.
Differential Localization of Pain-Related and Pain-Unrelated Neural Responses for Acupuncture at BL60 Using BOLD fMRI
Comparing the neural correlates of affective and cognitive theory of mind using fMRI: Involvement of the basal ganglia in affective theory of mind
Skill learning strengthens cortical representations of motor sequences
The neural correlates of reward-related processing in major depressive disorder: a meta-analysis of functional magnetic resonance imaging studies.
Modulating effect of COMT genotype on the brain regions underlying proactive control process during inhibition.
Brain activation during masked and unmasked semantic priming: commonalities and differences.
Blue light stimulates cognitive brain activity in visually blind individuals.
Going beyond inferior prefrontal involvement in semantic control: evidence for the additional contribution of dorsal angular gyrus and posterior middle temporal cortex.
Neural and psychological maturation of decision-making in adolescence and young adulthood.
Rejection sensitivity polarizes striatal-medial prefrontal activity when anticipating social feedback.
Brain activity in using heuristic prototype to solve insightful problems.
A genome-wide supported variant in CACNA1C influences hippocampal activation during episodic memory encoding and retrieval.
Cortico-Limbic Responses to Masked Affective Faces Across PTSD, Panic Disorder, and Specific phobia
The Neural Correlates of Upper Limb Motor Blocks in Parkinson's Disease and Their Relation to Freezing of Gait.
Midlife measurements of white matter microstructure predict subsequent regional white matter atrophy in healthy adults
Altered striatal functional connectivity in subjects with an at-risk mental state for psychosis.
Reflections of two parallel pathways between the hippocampus and neocortex in transient global amnesia: a cross-sectional study using DWI and SPECT.
Progressive Levels of Physical Dependence to Tobacco Coincide with Changes in the Anterior Cingulum Bundle Microstructure
Altered Functional Connectivity of Cognitive-Related Cerebellar Subregions in Well-Recovered Stroke Patients
Choosing the rules: distinct and overlapping frontoparietal representations of task rules for perceptual decisions.
Patients with chronic visceral pain show sex-related alterations in intrinsic oscillations of the resting brain.
Vowel category boundaries enhance cortical and behavioral responses to speech feedback alterations.
Concurrent TMS to the primary motor cortex augments slow motor learning
Functional and structural syntax networks in aging.
Neural mechanisms mediating positive and negative treatment expectations in visceral pain: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study on placebo and nocebo effects in healthy volunteers.
Differential roles of the frontal and parietal cortices in the control of saccades.
Irony comprehension and context processing in schizophrenia during remission--a functional MRI study.
Punishing unfairness: rewarding or the organization of a reactively aggressive response?
Disgust regulation via placebo: an fMRI study.
Abnormal regional homogeneity in patients with essential tremor revealed by resting-state functional MRI.
Functional Connectivity of the Hippocampus in Temporal Lobe Epilepsy: Feasibility of a Task-Regressed Seed-Based Approach
Effects of a cognitive training on spatial learning and associated functional brain activations
Age-related dedifferentiation and compensatory changes in the functional network underlying face processing.
The role of the amygdala and the basal ganglia in visual processing of central vs. peripheral emotional content
Overlapping and parallel cerebello-cerebral networks contributing to sensorimotor control: an intrinsic functional connectivity study.
Chinese dyslexics show neural differences in morphological processing.
Neural correlates of audiovisual speech processing in a second language.
Task-related modulation of effective connectivity during perceptual decision making: dissociation between dorsal and ventral prefrontal cortex
Neural Circuitry of Impulsivity in a Cigarette Craving Paradigm
Psychosis-proneness and neural correlates of self-inhibition in theory of mind.
Structural Modulation of Brain Development by Oxygen: Evidence on Adolescents Migrating from High Altitude to Sea Level Environment
Dissociation between dorsal and ventral posterior parietal cortical responses to incidental changes in natural scenes.
Identifying neural patterns of functional dyspepsia using multivariate pattern analysis: a resting-state FMRI study.
Adaptive modulation of adult brain gray and white matter to high altitude: structural MRI studies.
The importance of encoding-related neural dynamics in the prediction of inter-individual differences in verbal working memory performance.
Sex differences in the development of brain mechanisms for processing biological motion.
The neural correlates of perceptual load induced attentional selection: An fMRI study
Reward/punishment sensitivities among internet addicts: Implications for their addictive behaviors
Functional neuroimaging of the interference between working memory and the control of periodic ankle movement timing
Identifying Functional Networks Using Endogenous Connectivity in Gamma Band Electrocorticography
Ultra-fast speech comprehension in blind subjects engages primary visual cortex, fusiform gyrus, and pulvinar – a functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) study
Neural correlates of semantic associations in patients with schizophrenia.
Changes in resting-state fMRI in vestibular neuritis.
Individual differences in solving arithmetic word problems
Reduced spontaneous but relatively normal deliberate vicarious representations in psychopathy.
Neural correlates of the divergence of instrumental probability distributions.
From social-signal detection to higher social cognition: an fMRI approach.
Individual differences in anthropomorphic attributions and human brain structure.
Informatic parcellation of the network involved in the computation of subjective value.
Neural correlates of preparatory and regulatory control over positive and negative emotion.
Neurobiology of placebo effects: expectations or learning?
Neural representation and clinically relevant moderators of individualised self-criticism in healthy subjects.
Using Voxel-Based Morphometry to Examine the Relationship between Regional Brain Volumes and Memory Performance in Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment.
Task modulation of brain responses in visual word recognition as studied using EEG/MEG and fMRI.
Trail Making Test Part A and Brain Perfusion Imaging in Mild Alzheimer's Disease
Altered neural processing of threat in alcohol-dependent men.
How early can we predict Alzheimer's disease using computational anatomy?
A piece of the action: modulation of sensory-motor regions by action idioms and metaphors.
Anticipatory alpha phase influences visual working memory performance.
Neural correlates of own- and other-race face recognition in children: A functional near-infrared spectroscopy study
Cortical theta wanes for language.
A comprehensive neuropsychological mapping battery for functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Functional brain organization of preparatory attentional control in visual search.
The voice of conscience: neural bases of interpersonal guilt and compensation.
Cognitive empathy modulates the processing of pragmatic constraints during sentence comprehension.
Altered emotional and BOLD responses to negative, positive and ambiguous performance feedback in OCD
Reduced Cingulate Gyrus Volume Associated with Enhanced Cortisol Awakening Response in Young Healthy Adults Reporting Childhood Trauma
Basic Instinct Undressed: Early Spatiotemporal Processing for Primary Sexual Characteristics
White matter impairment in chronic heroin dependence: a quantitative DTI study.
Visuo–spatial working memory is an important source of domain-general vulnerability in the development of arithmetic cognition
Bidirectional effects on interhemispheric resting-state functional connectivity induced by excitatory and inhibitory repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation.
Energetic cost of brain functional connectivity.
Neural correlates of saccadic inhibition in healthy elderly and patients with amnestic mild cognitive impairment
Pharmacotherapy response and regional cerebral blood flow characteristics in patients with obsessive-compulsive disorder
The amplitude of the resting-state fMRI global signal is related to EEG vigilance measures.
Brain-computer interfaces increase whole-brain signal to noise.
Modulations of the executive control network by stimulus onset asynchrony in a Stroop task
Acute Effects of Sceletium tortuosum (Zembrin), a Dual 5-HT Reuptake and PDE4 Inhibitor, in the Human Amygdala and its Connection to the Hypothalamus
Inter-individual differences in audio-motor learning of piano melodies and white matter fiber tract architecture.
Medial prefrontal cortex supports source memory for self-referenced materials in young and older adults.
Effects of Age on Negative Subsequent Memory Effects Associated with the Encoding of Item and Item-Context Information.
Feedback that confirms reward expectation triggers auditory cortex activity.
Structural and functional changes across the visual cortex of a patient with visual form agnosia.
Decoding the neuroanatomical basis of reading ability: a multivoxel morphometric study.
Cerebral lateralization of face-sensitive areas in left-handers: only the FFA does not get it right.
Cannabis abuse is associated with better emotional memory in schizophrenia: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Intranasal insulin increases regional cerebral blood flow in the insular cortex in men independently of cortisol manipulation.
Combined space and alertness related therapy of visual hemineglect: effect of therapy frequency.
Identifying brain systems for gaze orienting during reading: fMRI investigation of the Landolt paradigm.
Dreaming as mind wandering: evidence from functional neuroimaging and first-person content reports.
Self-specific stimuli interact differently than non-self-specific stimuli with eyes-open versus eyes-closed spontaneous activity in auditory cortex.
Chronic metabotropic glutamate receptor 5 inhibition corrects local alterations of brain activity and improves cognitive performance in fragile X mice.
Resting-state functional connectivity of subgenual anterior cingulate cortex in depressed adolescents.
Neural correlates of obsessive–compulsive related dysfunctional beliefs
Superior temporal sulcus and social cognition in dangerous drivers.
DAT genotype modulates striatal processing and long-term memory for items associated with reward and punishment.
Negative emotional distraction on neural circuits for working memory in patients with posttraumatic stress disorder.
Default mode network connectivity and reciprocal social behavior in 22q11.2 deletion syndrome.
Dynamical intrinsic functional architecture of the brain during absence seizures.
Functional magnetic resonance imaging of working memory in Huntington's disease: cross-sectional data from the IMAGE-HD study.
Maintenance and manipulation of somatosensory information in ventrolateral prefrontal cortex.
Persistent Differences in Patterns of Brain Activation after Sports-Related Concussion: A Longitudinal Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Dynamic oscillatory processes governing cued orienting and allocation of auditory attention
Poor balance and lower gray matter volume predict falls in older adults with mild cognitive impairment
Brain mechanisms for prepulse inhibition in adults with Tourette syndrome: initial findings.
Functional and white matter abnormalities in the language network in patients with schizophrenia: a combined study with diffusion tensor imaging and functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Neural responses during emotional processing before and after cognitive trauma therapy for battered women.
Shared space, separate processes: Neural activation patterns for auditory description and visual object naming in healthy adults.
Brief meditation training induces smoking reduction.
Did I turn off the gas? Reality monitoring of everyday actions.
Functional somatotopy revealed across multiple cortical regions using a model of complex motor task.
Differential brain effects of laser and needle acupuncture at LR8 using functional MRI
Prediction of antidepressant treatment response from gray matter volume across diagnostic categories.
Exposure to traumatic experiences is associated with abnormal neural mechanism during charitable donation.
Structural white matter asymmetries in relation to functional asymmetries during speech perception and production.
Show me how you walk and I tell you how you feel — A functional near-infrared spectroscopy study on emotion perception based on human gait
Functional and structural brain differences associated with mirror-touch synaesthesia.
Distinct cortical networks activated by auditory attention and working memory load.
The impact of sleep deprivation on food desire in the human brain
The caudate signals bad reputation during trust decisions.
The Effect of Criticism on Functional Brain Connectivity and Associations with Neuroticism
Coordinate Based Meta-Analysis of Functional Neuroimaging Data; False Discovery Control and Diagnostics
Effect of combined naltrexone and bupropion therapy on the brain's reactivity to food cues
Sex Differences in Cortical Thickness and Their Possible Genetic and Sex Hormonal Underpinnings.
Neural bases of antisocial behavior: a voxel-based meta-analysis
Post-hoc power estimation for topological inference in fMRI.
Brain structure is changed in congenital anosmia.
The effect of video-guidance on passive movement in patients with cerebral palsy: fMRI study
Fronto-limbic-striatal dysfunction in pediatric and adult patients with bipolar disorder: impact of face emotion and attentional demands
Early cortical gray matter loss and cognitive correlates in non-demented Parkinson's patients
Interoceptive-reflective regions differentiate alexithymia traits in depersonalization disorder.
Brain activity for visual judgment of lifted weight
Effect of mild cognitive impairment on the patterns of neural activity in early Parkinson's disease.
What makes Internet addicts continue playing online even when faced by severe negative consequences? Possible explanations from an fMRI study
Language comprehension interrupted: both language errors and word degradation activate Broca's area.
Distinguishable neurofunctional effects of task practice and item practice in picture naming: a BOLD fMRI study in healthy subjects.
Neural basis of semantic and syntactic interference in sentence comprehension.
The activation of modality-specific representations during discourse processing.
Lateral temporal hyper-activation as a novel biomarker of mild cognitive impairment.
Neural basis of auditory expectation within temporal cortex.
Perception of affective and linguistic prosody: an ALE meta-analysis of neuroimaging studies
Neural correlates of a computerized attention modification program in anxious subjects.
Neural Correlates of Three Neurocognitive Intervention Strategies: A Preliminary Step Towards Personalized Treatment for Psychological Disorders
Three Ways in Which Midline Regions Contribute to Self-Evaluation
Affect and the brain's functional organization: a resting-state connectivity approach.
Re-imagining the future: repetition decreases hippocampal involvement in future simulation.
Multivoxel patterns in fusiform face area differentiate faces by sex and race.
MEG Correlates of Learning Novel Objects Properties in Children
Human Left Ventral Premotor Cortex Mediates Matching of Hand Posture to Object Use
Cortical Dynamics of Semantic Processing during Sentence Comprehension: Evidence from Event-Related Optical Signals
Decreased interhemispheric coordination in treatment-resistant depression: a resting-state fMRI study.
The Role of Insula-Associated Brain Network in Touch
Beyond the tripartite cognition-emotion-interoception model of the human insular cortex.
Dorsal and ventral attention systems underlie social and symbolic cueing
Individual differences in cognitive reappraisal usage modulate the time course of brain activation during symptom provocation in specific phobia
Voxel-level comparison of arterial spin-labeled perfusion magnetic resonance imaging in adolescents with internet gaming addiction
The functional neuroanatomy of multitasking: combining dual tasking with a short term memory task.
Cerebral mechanisms for different second language writing systems.
Idiopathic normal-pressure hydrocephalus, cortical thinning, and the cerebrospinal fluid tap test.
Functional and connectivity changes during working memory in Huntington's disease: 18 month longitudinal data from the IMAGE-HD study.
Remembering our origin: gender differences in spatial memory are reflected in gender differences in hippocampal lateralization.
A multivariate analysis of age-related differences in functional networks supporting conflict resolution
Early Prefrontal Brain Responses to the Hedonic Quality of Emotional Words – A Simultaneous EEG and MEG Study
Cortisol modifies extinction learning of recently acquired fear in men.
Neural responses to unfairness and fairness depend on self-contribution to the income.
Detection of deception based on fMRI activation patterns underlying the production of a deceptive response and receiving feedback about the success of the deception after a mock murder crime.
Dorsomedial prefrontal metabolism and unawareness of current characteristics of personality traits in Alzheimer’s disease
Neural correlate of autistic-like traits and a common allele in the oxytocin receptor gene.
Proactive selective response suppression is implemented via the basal ganglia.
Disintegration of multisensory signals from the real hand reduces default limb self-attribution: an fMRI study.
Failure in developing high-level visual functions after occipitoparietal lesions at an early age: a case study.
Neural response to emotional stimuli associated with successful antidepressant treatment and behavioral activation.
The Functional Architecture for Face-processing Expertise: FMRI Evidence of the Developmental Trajectory of the Core and the Extended Face Systems
fMRI response during figural memory task performance in college drinkers.
Error processing in current and former cocaine users.
Involvement of right STS in audio-visual integration for affective speech demonstrated using MEG.
Aberrant functional connectivity of resting state networks in transient ischemic attack.
A Preliminary Study of Functional Brain Activation among Marijuana Users during Performance of a Virtual Water Maze Task
Neuroanatomical deficits in drug-naïve adult patients with generalized social anxiety disorder: a voxel-based morphometry study.
Cortical thickness, surface area, and gyrification abnormalities in children exposed to maltreatment: neural markers of vulnerability?
Brain organization underlying superior mathematical abilities in children with autism.
Functional and structural amygdala - anterior cingulate connectivity correlates with attentional bias to masked fearful faces.
Chronic stress exposure may affect the brain's response to high calorie food cues and predispose to obesogenic eating habits
Autobiographical memory in semantic dementia: new insights from two patients using fMRI.
Brain responses to erotic and other emotional stimuli in breast cancer survivors with and without distress about low sexual desire: a preliminary fMRI study.
Superior temporal sulcus disconnectivity during processing of metaphoric gestures in schizophrenia.
Neural correlates of sexual arousal in heterosexual and homosexual women and men.
A developmental study on the neural circuitry mediating response flexibility in bipolar disorder.
Age-related changes in the structure and function of prefrontal cortex-amygdala circuitry in children and adolescents: a multi-modal imaging approach.
Neural correlates of experimentally induced flow experiences.
Reduced Frontal Cortex Efficiency is Associated with Lower White Matter Integrity in Aging.
Neural correlates of inhibition of socially relevant stimuli in adults with autism spectrum disorder.
Richness of information about novel words influences how episodic and semantic memory networks interact during lexicalization
Supramodal and modality-sensitive representations of perceived action categories in the human brain.
Plasticity in Unimodal and Multimodal Brain Areas Reflects Multisensory Changes in Self-Face Identification.
A multi-site resting state fMRI study on the amplitude of low frequency fluctuations in schizophrenia.
Violence as a source of pleasure or displeasure is associated with specific functional connectivity with the nucleus accumbens
S1 is associated with chronic low back pain: a functional and structural MRI study
Effects of cerebellar lesions on working memory interacting with motor tasks of different complexities.
Dynamic neural network reorganization associated with second language vocabulary acquisition: a multimodal imaging study.
Classification of schizophrenia patients based on resting-state functional network connectivity.
Dopaminergic drug effects during reversal learning depend on anatomical connections between the orbitofrontal cortex and the amygdala
Explorations of object and location memory using fMRI
Changes in brain activity of somatoform disorder patients during emotional empathy after multimodal psychodynamic psychotherapy.
Rostral and caudal prefrontal contribution to creativity: a meta-analysis of functional imaging data
Structural neuroimaging of social cognition in progressive non-fluent aphasia and behavioral variant of frontotemporal dementia
Motor Cortex Neuroplasticity Following Brachial Plexus Transfer
Gray Matter Abnormalities in Schizophrenia Patients with Tardive Dyskinesia: A Magnetic Resonance Imaging Voxel-Based Morphometry Study
An evaluation of the left-brain vs. right-brain hypothesis with resting state functional connectivity magnetic resonance imaging.
Enhanced sympathetic arousal in response to FMRI scanning correlates with task induced activations and deactivations.
Verbal Working Memory Load Affects Regional Brain Activation as Measured by PET.
Disrupted modular organization of resting-state cortical functional connectivity in U.S. military personnel following concussive 'mild' blast-related traumatic brain injury.
Resting-State Striato-Frontal Functional Connectivity is Sensitive to DAT1 Genotype and Predicts Executive Function.
Hippocampal-Cerebellar Interaction During Spatio-Temporal Prediction.
Individual Differences in Laughter Perception Reveal Roles for Mentalizing and Sensorimotor Systems in the Evaluation of Emotional Authenticity
Altered EEG lagged coherence during rest in obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Neural correlates of the relationship between discourse coherence and sensory monitoring in schizophrenia.
Neural correlates of auditory temporal predictions during sensorimotor synchronization
Comparison of the neural correlates of encoding item-item and item-context associations.
Pomegranate Juice Augments Memory and fMRI Activity in Middle-Aged and Older Adults with Mild Memory Complaints
The Neural Correlates of Mental Rotation Abilities in Cannabis-Abusing Patients with Schizophrenia: An fMRI Study
Neural primacy of the salience processing system in schizophrenia.
The bilingual brain: Flexibility and control in the human cortex
Differences and commonalities in the judgment of causality in physical and social contexts: an fMRI study.
Are the neural correlates of subitizing and estimation dissociable? An fNIRS investigation
The feedback-related negativity (FRN) revisited: new insights into the localization, meaning and network organization.
Resting-state functional connectivity in multiple sclerosis: An examination of group differences and individual differences
Stop-signal task difficulty and the right inferior frontal gyrus.
Tension-related activity in the orbitofrontal cortex and amygdala: an fMRI study with music
Dissociation of a trait and a valence representation in the mPFC.
Prolonged hemodynamic response during incidental facial emotion processing in inter-episode bipolar I disorder.
Changes in Effective Connectivity by Propofol Sedation
Decomposing Effects of Time on Task Reveals an Anteroposterior Gradient of Perceptual Decision Regions
Default-mode network changes in Huntington's disease: an integrated MRI study of functional connectivity and morphometry.
Neural substrates for judgment of self-agency in ambiguous situations.
White Matter Deficits in Psychopathic Offenders and Correlation with Factor Structure
Elevated amygdala responses to emotional faces in youths with chronic irritability or bipolar disorder☆
Dopaminergic modulation of the reward system in schizophrenia: a placebo-controlled dopamine depletion fMRI study.
Selective Attention to Temporal Features on Nested Time Scales.
Lesion-Symptom Mapping of Self-Prioritization in Explicit Face Categorization: Distinguishing Hypo- and Hyper-Self-Biases.
Crossmodal Integration Enhances Neural Representation of Task-Relevant Features in Audiovisual Face Perception.
Differential modulation of activity related to the anticipation of monetary gains and losses across the menstrual cycle.
The thalamus in cirrhotic patients with and without hepatic encephalopathy: A volumetric MRI study
Shape shifting pain: chronification of back pain shifts brain representation from nociceptive to emotional circuits.
Action observers implicitly expect actors to act goal-coherently, even if they do not: an fMRI study.
Robust selectivity for faces in the human amygdala in the absence of expressions.
Neural Mechanisms of Brain Plasticity with Complex Cognitive Training in Healthy Seniors.
Echoes of the brain within default mode, association, and heteromodal cortices.
Working memory and anticipatory set modulate midbrain and putamen activity.
Differences in Neural Activation for Object-Directed Grasping in Chimpanzees and Humans
Emotional reactivity to threat modulates activity in mentalizing network during aggression.
Comparison of activation patterns between masking and inattention tasks: a coordinate-based meta-analysis of implicit emotional face processing
GroupICA dual regression analysis of resting state networks in a behavioral variant of frontotemporal dementia
Atypical modulation of distant functional connectivity by cognitive state in children with Autism Spectrum Disorders.
Short- and Long-Term Effects of a Novel on Connectivity in the Brain
People-selectivity, audiovisual integration and heteromodality in the superior temporal sulcus.
Temporal-Order Judgment of Audiovisual Events Involves Network Activity Between Parietal and Prefrontal Cortices
Gray matter and intrinsic network changes in the posterior cingulate cortex after selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor intake.
An fMRI study of reward circuitry in patients with minimal or extensive history of major depression.
Grey Matter Volume in the Cerebellum is Related to the Processing of Grammatical Rules in a Second Language: A Structural Voxel-based Morphometry Study
Positive facial affect - an fMRI study on the involvement of insula and amygdala.
Altered pattern of spontaneous brain activity in the patients with end-stage renal disease: a resting-state functional MRI study with regional homogeneity analysis.
Neural basis of limb ownership in individuals with body integrity identity disorder.
Greater anterior insula activation during anticipation of food images in women recovered from anorexia nervosa versus controls.
Changes in regional homogeneity of parieto-temporal regions in panic disorder patients who achieved remission with antidepressant treatment.
Neural correlates of cognitive remediation in patients with mood disorders.
Inferior frontal and insular cortical thinning is related to dysfunctional brain activation/deactivation during working memory task in schizophrenic patients.
Functional magnetic resonance imaging suggests automatization of the cortical response to inspiratory threshold loading in humans
Preattentive mechanisms of change detection in early auditory cortex: A 7Tesla fMRI study
Maladaptive connectivity of Broca’s area in schizophrenia during audiovisual speech perception: An fMRI study
The gender you are and the gender you like: sexual preference and empathic neural responses.
Enhancing insight in scientific problem solving by highlighting the functional features of prototypes: an fMRI study.
The neural mechanisms underlying internally and externally guided task selection.
Age-related changes in prefrontal and hippocampal contributions to relational encoding.
Functional connectivity in the developing brain: A longitudinal study from 4 to 9 months of age
Increased functional connectivity with puberty in the mentalising network involved in social emotion processing.
Re-evaluating the role of TPJ in attentional control: Contextual updating?☆
Ventral and dorsal visual stream contributions to the perception of object shape and object location.
Affective traits link to reliable neural markers of incentive anticipation.
Premenstrual dysphoric disorder and prefrontal reactivity during anticipation of emotional stimuli.
Functional connectivity between ventral and dorsal frontoparietal networks underlies stimulus-driven and working memory-driven sources of visual distraction.
The functional and structural neural basis of individual differences in loss aversion.
A broader view of perirhinal function: from recognition memory to fluency-based decisions.
Simultaneous EEG and fMRI reveals a causally connected subcortical-cortical network during reward anticipation.
The Neural Basis of Contextual Influences on Face Categorization.
Does self-construal predict activity in the social brain network? A genetic moderation effect.
The Effect of Retrieval Focus and Emotional Valence on the Medial Temporal Lobe Activity during Autobiographical Recollection.
Nucleus accumbens response to gains in reputation for the self relative to gains for others predicts social media use.
Opposite effects of visual and auditory word-likeness on activity in the visual word form area.
An fMRI study of nonverbally gifted reading disabled adults: has deficit compensation effected gifted potential?
The social regulation of threat-related attentional disengagement in highly anxious individuals.
People can understand descriptions of motion without activating visual motion brain regions
Dissociable temporo-parietal memory networks revealed by functional connectivity during episodic retrieval.
An eye for an eye? Neural correlates of retribution and forgiveness.
The alteration of spontaneous low frequency oscillations caused by acute electromagnetic fields exposure.
Progress update: fluid and imaging biomarkers in Alzheimer's disease.
Competitive mechanisms in sentence processing: common and distinct production and reading comprehension networks linked to the prefrontal cortex.
The shared neural basis of empathy and facial imitation accuracy.
Sensory stimulation induces tensor fields, which specifically transform brain activity.
Cortical and Subcortical Connections of the Human Claustrum Revealed In Vivo by Constrained Spherical Deconvolution Tractography.
Enhanced activation of motor execution networks using action observation combined with imagination of lower limb movements.
Cortical and cerebellar modulation of autonomic responses to loud sounds.
Response inhibition in alcohol-dependent patients and patients with depression/anxiety: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Task-related fronto-striatal functional connectivity during working memory performance in schizophrenia.
Equivalent neural responses in children and adolescents with and without autism during judgments of affect.
Testicular volume is inversely correlated with nurturing-related brain activity in human fathers.
Reduced Cortical Thickness in Primary Open-Angle Glaucoma and Its Relationship to the Retinal Nerve Fiber Layer Thickness
Memory self-efficacy beliefs modulate brain activity when encoding real-world future intentions.
Neural Activation during Response Inhibition Differentiates Blast from Mechanical Causes of Mild to Moderate Traumatic Brain Injury
Brain correlates of subjective freedom of choice
Creativity and schizotypy from the neuroscience perspective.
Modulatory interactions of resting-state brain functional connectivity.
High “Normal” Blood Glucose Is Associated with Decreased Brain Volume and Cognitive Performance in the 60s: The PATH through Life Study
Elevated functional connectivity in a striatal-amygdala circuit in pathological gamblers.
Long-Term Cardiovascular Fitness Is Associated with Auditory Attentional Control in Old Adults: Neuro-Behavioral Evidence
Long-term information and distributed neural activation are relevant for the “internal features advantage” in face processing: Electrophysiological and source reconstruction evidence
Neural bases of individual variation in decision time.
Predictors of coupling between structural and functional cortical networks in normal aging.
Real world navigation independence in the early blind correlates with differential brain activity associated with virtual navigation.
Reappraising social emotions: the role of inferior frontal gyrus, temporo-parietal junction and insula in interpersonal emotion regulation.
The neural correlates of in-group and self-face perception: is there overlap for high identifiers?
Cortical Midline Structures and Autobiographical-Self Processes: An Activation-Likelihood Estimation Meta-Analysis.
Organizational Structure Reduces Processing Load in the Prefrontal Cortex During Discourse Processing of Written Text: Implications for High-Level Reading Issues After TBI
Intraoperative electrical stimulation of language switching in two bilingual patients.
Overlapping neural circuitry for narrative comprehension and proficient reading in children and adolescents.
Functional imaging of implicit marijuana associations during performance on an Implicit Association Test (IAT).
Neural networks underlying contributions from semantics in reading aloud.
Human Brain Stem Structures Respond Differentially to Noxious Heat
Cannabis cue-induced brain activation correlates with drug craving in limbic and visual salience regions: preliminary results.
Functional connectivity abnormalities vary by amygdala subdivision and are associated with psychiatric symptoms in unilateral temporal epilepsy.
Correspondence of executive function related functional and anatomical alterations in aging brain
Tactile and visual motion direction processing in hMT+/V5.
Sex differences in the persistence of the amygdala response to negative material.
Reappraisal of the anatomical landmarks of motor and premotor cortical regions for image-guided brain navigation in TMS practice.
Effect of baseline cannabis use and working-memory network function on changes in cannabis use in heavy cannabis users: a prospective fMRI study.
Modeling activation and effective connectivity of VWFA in same script bilinguals.
Greater BOLD response to working memory in endurance-trained adults revealed by breath-hold calibration.
Pre-existing brain states predict aesthetic judgments.
Inhibitory saccadic dysfunction is associated with cerebellar injury in multiple sclerosis.
Grammatical comprehension deficits in non-fluent/agrammatic primary progressive aphasia
Brain network alterations in Alzheimer's disease measured by eigenvector centrality in fMRI are related to cognition and CSF biomarkers.
Reduction in cerebral perfusion after heroin administration: a resting state arterial spin labeling study.
Human fMRI reveals that delayed action re-recruits visual perception.
Vicarious neural processing of outcomes during observational learning.
Sex-related differences of cortical thickness in patients with chronic abdominal pain.
Evaluation of the effectiveness of pregabalin in alleviating pain associated with fibromyalgia: using functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Isn't it ironic? Neural correlates of irony comprehension in schizophrenia.
Boosting BOLD fMRI by K-space density weighted echo planar imaging.
Neural Correlates of Psychotherapy in Anxiety and Depression: A Meta-Analysis
Abnormal Functional Connectivity of Amygdala in Late-Onset Depression Was Associated with Cognitive Deficits
Frontal cortical thinning and subcortical volume reductions in early adulthood obesity.
Remember the Future II: Meta-analyses and Functional Overlap of Working Memory and Delay Discounting
Rapid Tuning of Auditory “What” and “Where” Pathways by Training
Altered neural activity of magnitude estimation processing in adults with the fragile X premutation
Connectivity patterns of pallidal DBS electrodes in focal dystonia: a diffusion tensor tractography study.
Age differences in neural response to stereotype threat and resiliency for self-referenced information.
Maternal status regulates cortical responses to the body odor of newborns
Trade-off between capacity and precision in visuospatial working memory.
Embodied comprehension of stories: interactions between language regions and modality-specific neural systems.
Attention to detail: why considering task demands is essential for single-trial analysis of BOLD correlates of the visual P1 and N1.
Multivariate pattern analysis of DTI reveals differential white matter in individuals with obsessive‐compulsive disorder
Broadband cortical desynchronization underlies the human psychedelic state.
Working Memory and Default Mode Network abnormalities in unaffected siblings of schizophrenia patients
Auditory tracts identified with combined fMRI and diffusion tractography.
Altered brain activity for phonological manipulation in dyslexic Japanese children.
Six-Minute Walking Distance Correlated with Memory and Brain Volume in Older Adults with Mild Cognitive Impairment: A Voxel-Based Morphometry Study
Left posterior parietal theta burst stimulation affects gestural imitation regardless of semantic content.
Neural mechanisms of phonemic restoration for speech comprehension revealed by magnetoencephalography
Prefrontal cortical dysfunction during visual perspective-taking in schizophrenia.
Resting-state functional connectivity and reading abilities in first and second languages.
Different developmental trajectories for anticipation and receipt of reward during adolescence.
Neural systems underlying thought suppression in young women with, and at-risk, for depression.
Altered likelihood of brain activation in attention and working memory networks in patients with multiple sclerosis: An ALE meta-analysis
Musical experts recruit action-related neural structures in harmonic anomaly detection: Evidence for embodied cognition in expertise
Aberrant neural mediation of verbal fluency in autism spectrum disorders.
Handedness and language learning disability differentially distribute in progressive aphasia variants.
The brain basis of social synchrony
Understanding less than nothing: children's neural response to negative numbers shifts across age and accuracy
Bilinguals use language-control brain areas more than monolinguals to perform non-linguistic switching tasks.
Validity and Reproducibility of a Food Frequency Questionnaire as a Measure of Recent Dietary Intake in Young Adults
Deployment and post-deployment experiences in OEF/OIF veterans: relationship to gray matter volume.
Humor processing in children: influence of temperament, age and IQ.
Supramodal neural processing of abstract information conveyed by speech and gesture.
Task vs. rest-different network configurations between the coactivation and the resting-state brain networks.
Both novelty and expertise increase action observation network activity.
Emotional modulation of experimental pain: a source imaging study of laser evoked potentials
Movement and afferent representations in human motor areas: a simultaneous neuroimaging and transcranial magnetic/peripheral nerve-stimulation study.
Behavioral and neural interaction between spatial inhibition of return and the Simon effect.
Intrinsic functional network organization in high-functioning adolescents with autism spectrum disorder
Age-related vulnerability in the neural systems supporting semantic processing
Cholinergic Enhancement of Brain Activation in Mild Cognitive Impairment during Episodic Memory Encoding
Neural Encoding of Acupuncture Needling Sensations: Evidence from a fMRI Study
Numerical ordering and symbolic arithmetic share frontal and parietal circuits in the right hemisphere.
Leading the follower: an fMRI investigation of dynamic cooperativity and leader-follower strategies in synchronization with an adaptive virtual partner.
Altered neural correlates of affective processing after internet-delivered cognitive behavior therapy for social anxiety disorder.
Regional homogeneity abnormalities in patients with transient ischaemic attack: a resting-state fMRI study.
Quantitative Prediction of Individual Psychopathology in Trauma Survivors Using Resting-State fMRI
Retrieval of Recent Autobiographical Memories is Associated with Slow-Wave Sleep in Early AD
Neural substrates of figurative language during natural speech perception: an fMRI study.
A combined electrophysiological and morphological examination of episodic memory decline in amnestic mild cognitive impairment
Neural Responses during Social and Self-Knowledge Tasks in Bulimia Nervosa
Common Genetic Variation near MC4R Has a Sex-Specific Impact on Human Brain Structure and Eating Behavior
Acute Effects of Different Multivitamin Mineral Preparations with and without Guaraná on Mood, Cognitive Performance and Functional Brain Activation
Large-Scale Brain Networks of the Human Left Temporal Pole: A Functional Connectivity MRI Study.
Distinct regions of right temporal cortex are associated with biological and human-agent motion: functional magnetic resonance imaging and neuropsychological evidence.
Right supramarginal gyrus is crucial to overcome emotional egocentricity bias in social judgments.
Failure of Conflict to Modulate Central Executive Network Activity Associated with Delusions in Schizophrenia
Brain activation patterns resulting from learning letter forms through active self-production and passive observation in young children
Network dynamics underlying speed-accuracy trade-offs in response to errors.
Abnormalities of Frontal-Parietal Resting-State Functional Connectivity Are Related to Disease Activity in Patients with Systemic Lupus Erythematosus
The relationship between self-awareness of attentional status, behavioral performance and oscillatory brain rhythms.
Neural correlates of musical creativity: differences between high and low creative subjects.
A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study of Working Memory in Youth after Sports-Related Concussion: Is It Still Working?
Functional neuroanatomy of response inhibition in bipolar disorders – Combined voxel based and cognitive performance meta-analysis
What do you feel? Adolescent drug and alcohol users show altered brain response to pleasant interoceptive stimuli.
Sleep and Cortisol Interact to Support Memory Consolidation.
Observation of Simple Intransitive Actions: The Effect of Familiarity
Similar Brain Activation during False Belief Tasks in a Large Sample of Adults with and without Autism
Conflict adaptation in prefrontal cortex: now you see it, now you don't.
Dissociation of regional activity in the default mode network in first-episode, drug-naive major depressive disorder at rest.
Reduced functional connectivity in early-stage drug-naive Parkinson's disease: a resting-state fMRI study.
Interoceptive awareness moderates neural activity during decision-making.
Social cognition and the cerebellum: A meta-analysis of over 350 fMRI studies
Underconnectivity of the superior temporal sulcus predicts emotion recognition deficits in autism.
Weak reward source memory in depression reflects blunted activation of VTA/SN and parahippocampus.
Psychological, endocrine and neural responses to social evaluation in subclinical depression.
Medial frontal cortex and anterior insula are less sensitive to outcome predictability when monetary stakes are higher.
Existential neuroscience: effects of mortality salience on the neurocognitive processing of attractive opposite-sex faces.
The role of the striatum in goal activation of cascaded actions.
Activation of the human mirror neuron system during the observation of the manipulation of virtual tools in the absence of a visible effector limb.
The neural pathway underlying a numerical working memory task in abacus-trained children and associated functional connectivity in the resting brain.
Neural activity to intense positive versus negative stimuli can help differentiate bipolar disorder from unipolar major depressive disorder in depressed adolescents: a pilot fMRI study.
Structural and cognitive deficits in chronic carbon monoxide intoxication: a voxel-based morphometry study
Abnormal synchrony of resting state networks in premanifest and symptomatic Huntington disease: the IMAGE-HD study
Elucidating neuroanatomical alterations in the at risk mental state and first episode psychosis: A combined voxel-based morphometry and voxel-based cortical thickness study
Altered functional connectivity of basal ganglia circuitry in dental phobia.
Effective connectivity reveals strategy differences in an expert calculator.
Increased Ventral Striatal Volume in College-Aged Binge Drinkers
Altered olfactory processing of stress-related body odors and artificial odors in patients with panic disorder.
Medial prefrontal cortex activation is commonly invoked by reputation of self and romantic partners.
The neural mechanism of encountering misjudgment by the justice system.
Alterations of White Matter Integrity Related to the Season of Birth in Schizophrenia: A DTI Study
Effects of emotional contexts on cerebello-thalamo-cortical activity during action observation.
Alcohol affects neuronal substrates of response inhibition but not of perceptual processing of stimuli signalling a stop response.
Imaging social motivation: distinct brain mechanisms drive effort production during collaboration versus competition.
Where pain meets action in the human brain.
Selective and invariant neural responses to spoken and written narratives.
Caudate Resting Connectivity Predicts Implicit Probabilistic Sequence Learning
Regional homogeneity and resting state functional connectivity: associations with exposure to early life stress.
Eyeblink conditioning in unmedicated schizophrenia patients: A positron emission tomography study
Effect of "SOHAM" meditation on the human brain: an fMRI study.
Cerebral gray matter volumes and low-frequency fluctuation of BOLD signals in cocaine dependence: duration of use and gender difference.
Widespread Reductions in Cortical Thickness Following Severe Early-Life Deprivation: A Neurodevelopmental Pathway to Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder.
He Who Is Well Prepared Has Half Won The Battle: An fMRI Study of Task Preparation.
An fMRI study of affective perspective taking in individuals with psychopathy: imagining another in pain does not evoke empathy
Age-related differences in the neural correlates mediating false recollection.
Sparse canonical correlation analysis relates network-level atrophy to multivariate cognitive measures in a neurodegenerative population.
An eight month randomized controlled exercise intervention alters resting state synchrony in overweight children
The nature of mind wandering during reading varies with the cognitive control demands of the reading strategy.
Individual differences in the anterior insula are associated with the likelihood of financially helping versus harming others.
Rough primes and rough conversations: evidence for a modality-specific basis to mental metaphors.
Developmental Trajectories of Associative Memory from Childhood to Adulthood: A Behavioral and Neuroimaging Study
Unimodal and multimodal regions for logographic language processing in left ventral occipitotemporal cortex.
Default mode, dorsal attention and auditory resting state networks exhibit differential functional connectivity in tinnitus and hearing loss.
Gray and White Matter Distribution in Dyslexia: A VBM Study of Superior Temporal Gyrus Asymmetry
Brain structural alterations in obsessive-compulsive disorder patients with autogenous and reactive obsessions.
Structural Abnormalities in Early Tourette Syndrome Children: A Combined Voxel-Based Morphometry and Tract-Based Spatial Statistics Study
Changes in cortical thickness across the lifespan in major depressive disorder.
Connectivity between Right Inferior Frontal Gyrus and Supplementary Motor Area Predicts After-Effects of Right Frontal Cathodal tDCS on Picture Naming Speed
How are the motor system activity and functional connectivity between the cognitive and sensorimotor systems modulated by athletic expertise?
Temporal and spatial evolution of grey matter atrophy in primary progressive multiple sclerosis.
Distinct brain activity in processing negative pictures of animals and objects --- the role of human contexts
Dopamine receptor 4 promoter polymorphism modulates memory and neuronal responses to salience.
Talking about social conflict in the MRI scanner: neural correlates of being empathized with.
The structural-functional connectome and the default mode network of the human brain.
Visceral sensitivity correlates with decreased regional gray matter volume in healthy volunteers: A voxel-based morphometry study
Possible role of an error detection mechanism in brain processing of deception: PET-fMRI study.
Altered emotion processing circuits during the anticipation of emotional stimuli in women with borderline personality disorder.
Aberrant intrinsic connectivity of hippocampus and amygdala overlap in the fronto-insular and dorsomedial-prefrontal cortex in major depressive disorder.
Altered fusiform connectivity during processing of fearful faces in social anxiety disorder
Individual differences in posterior cortical volume correlate with proneness to pride and gratitude.
Representations of pitch and slow modulation in auditory cortex.
Right inferior frontal gyrus activation as a neural marker of successful lying
Exploring the brains of Baduk (Go) experts: gray matter morphometry, resting-state functional connectivity, and graph theoretical analysis
Neural evidence for individual and cultural variability in the social comparison effect.
Rapid functional reorganization in human cortex following neural perturbation.
Neural Conflict-Control Mechanisms Improve Memory for Target Stimuli.
The role of accent imitation in sensorimotor integration during processing of intelligible speech.
Functional activity and effective connectivity of the posterior medial prefrontal cortex during processing of incongruent mental states.
A comparison of functional brain changes associated with surgical versus behavioral weight loss
Mothers' amygdala response to positive or negative infant affect is modulated by personal relevance
Emotion-Related Visual Mismatch Responses in Schizophrenia: Impairments and Correlations with Emotion Recognition
Effects of literacy in early visual and occipitotemporal areas of Chinese and French readers.
Influencing food choices by training: evidence for modulation of frontoparietal control signals.
Dynamic parieto-premotor network for mental image transformation revealed by simultaneous EEG and fMRI measurement.
Cerebral functional asymmetry and phonological performance in dyslexic adults.
Parallelism in the brain's visual form system
Avoidance-based human Pavlovian-to-instrumental transfer
Executive dysfunction and gray matter atrophy in amnestic mild cognitive impairment.
Oxytocin Receptor Genotype Modulates Ventral Striatal Activity to Social Cues and Response to Stressful Life Events.
Impaired context processing as a potential marker of psychosis risk state.
Subcortical Modulation of Attentional Control by Second-Generation Antipsychotics in First-Episode Psychosis
Meditation's impact on default mode network and hippocampus in mild cognitive impairment: a pilot study.
Neural correlates of shape-color binding in visual working memory.
Medial prefrontal cortex dissociation between self and others in a referential task: An fMRI study based on word traits
Rumination mediates the relationship between structural variations in ventrolateral prefrontal cortex and sensitivity to negative life events
Difference in amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation between currently depressed and remitted females with major depressive disorder.
Regional differences in SERT occupancy after acute and prolonged SSRI intake investigated by brain PET
Reactive cognitive-control processes in free-report consonant-vowel dichotic listening.
Neural Coupling of Cooperative Hand Movements: A Reflex and fMRI Study.
Unreliable Evidence: 2 Sources of Uncertainty During Perceptual Choice
Reduced functional connectivity within the limbic cortico-striato-thalamo-cortical loop in unmedicated adults with obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Pattern classification of response inhibition in ADHD: Toward the development of neurobiological markers for ADHD.
Cortical Grey Matter and Subcortical White Matter Brain Microstructural Changes in Schizophrenia Are Localised and Age Independent: A Case-Control Diffusion Tensor Imaging Study
Directed forgetting of negative self-referential information is difficult: an FMRI study.
Shifted coupling of EEG driving frequencies and fMRI resting state networks in schizophrenia spectrum disorders.
Disruption of Functional Networks in Dyslexia: A Whole-Brain, Data-Driven Analysis of Connectivity.
Age-related variability in performance of a motor action selection task is related to differences in brain function and structure among older adults.
Cortical and white matter alterations in patients with neuropathic pain after spinal cord injury.
Positron emission tomography imaging of 5-hydroxytryptamine1B receptors in Parkinson's disease
Aversive Learning in Adolescents: Modulation by Amygdala–Prefrontal and Amygdala–Hippocampal Connectivity and Neuroticism
Brain Reward Region Responsivity of Adolescents with and without Parental Substance Use Disorders
Test-retest reliability of amygdala response to emotional faces.
Genetic effects on the cerebellar role in working memory: Same brain, different genes?
Brain activation related to the perception of minimal agency cues: the role of the mirror system.
Two faces, two languages: An fMRI study of bilingual picture naming
Separating lexical-semantic access from other mnemonic processes in picture-name verification
ERP Modulation during Observation of Abstract Paintings by Franz Kline
Timing and tuning for familiarity of cortical responses to faces.
Ecological Aspects of Phlebotomine Sandflies (Diptera: Psychodidae) from a Cave of the Speleological Province of Bambuí, Brazil
Structural brain abnormalities in cervical dystonia
Neural network connectivity differences in children who stutter
Neural correlates of motion processing through echolocation, source hearing, and vision in blind echolocation experts and sighted echolocation novices.
Frontal and parietal cortical interactions with distributed visual representations during selective attention and action selection.
Saccade Modulation by Optical and Electrical Stimulation in the Macaque Frontal Eye Field
Abnormal functional connectivity during visuospatial processing is associated with disrupted organisation of white matter in autism
Modulation of functionally localized right insular cortex activity using real-time fMRI-based neurofeedback
Frequency and Neural Correlates of Pauses in Patients with Formal Thought Disorder
Functional Neuroimaging Correlates of Burnout among Internal Medicine Residents and Faculty Members
Environmental influences on neural systems of relational complexity
The representation of category typicality in the frontal cortex and its cross-linguistic variations.
Cross-linguistic parallels in processing derivational morphology: evidence from Polish.
Task modulations of racial bias in neural responses to others' suffering.
Cognitive-Behavioral Therapy Increases Prefrontal Cortex Gray Matter in Patients With Chronic Pain
Pain Does Not Follow the Boxcar Model: Temporal Dynamics of the BOLD fMRI Signal During Constant Current Painful Electric Nerve Stimulation
Ventromedial PFC, parahippocampal, and cerebellar connectivity are associated with temporal discounting in old age
Shifted neuronal balance during stimulus-response integration in schizophrenia: an fMRI study.
Hypoconnectivity and Hyperfrontality in Retired American Football Players
Differences in neural activation as a function of risk-taking task parameters.
Quantitative meta-analysis of fMRI and PET studies reveals consistent activation in fronto-striatal-parietal regions and cerebellum during antisaccades and prosaccades
Hierarchical prediction errors in midbrain and basal forebrain during sensory learning.
Neural correlation of successful cognitive behaviour therapy for spider phobia: A magnetoencephalography study
Reprint of: DAT genotype modulates striatal processing and long-term memory for items associated with reward and punishment.
White matter characterization of adolescent binge drinking with and without co-occurring marijuana use: a 3-year investigation.
Common and distinct neural targets of treatment: changing brain function in substance addiction.
Abnormal cortical thickness in heroin-dependent individuals.
Freezing of gait in Parkinson's disease is associated with functional decoupling between the cognitive control network and the basal ganglia.
Bridging the Gap Between Functional and Anatomical Features of Cortico-Cerebellar Circuits Using Meta-Analytic Connectivity Modeling
Domain-general signals in the cingulo-opercular network for visuospatial attention and episodic memory.
An altered neural response to reward may contribute to alcohol problems among late adolescents with an evening chronotype.
Altered relationships between age and functional brain activation in adolescents at clinical high risk for psychosis.
Reading impairment in schizophrenia: dysconnectivity within the visual system.
Effects of childhood poverty and chronic stress on emotion regulatory brain function in adulthood.
Warmer outdoor temperature is associated with task-related increased BOLD activation in patients with multiple sclerosis.
Non-verbal emotion communication training induces specific changes in brain function and structure.
Avoidant symptoms in PTSD predict fear circuit activation during multimodal fear extinction.
An fMRI Study of Grammatical Morpheme Processing Associated with Nouns and Verbs in Chinese
Gender Differences in Perception of Romance in Chinese College Students
Experimental Placebo Analgesia Changes Resting-State Alpha Oscillations
Striatal dopaminergic dysfunction at rest and during task performance in writer's cramp.
Normal brain activation in schizophrenia patients during associative emotional learning.
Resting-State Cortico-Thalamic-Striatal Connectivity Predicts Response to Dorsomedial Prefrontal rTMS in Major Depressive Disorder
Association of Frontal Gray Matter Volume and Cerebral Perfusion in Heroin Addiction: A Multimodal Neuroimaging Study
Neural correlates of the numerical distance effect in children
Residual fMRI sensitivity for identity changes in acquired prosopagnosia
Cerebral Activation during Von Frey Filament Stimulation in Subjects with Endothelin-1-Induced Mechanical Hyperalgesia: A Functional MRI Study
Less Wiring, More Firing: Low-Performing Older Adults Compensate for Impaired White Matter with Greater Neural Activity.
The cerebral representation of scratching-induced pleasantness.
Habenula functional resting-state connectivity in pediatric CRPS
Affective modulation of cognitive control is determined by performance-contingency and mediated by ventromedial prefrontal and cingulate cortex.
A scaffold for efficiency in the human brain.
Automatic semantic facilitation in anterior temporal cortex revealed through multimodal neuroimaging.
Neural underpinnings of the identifiable victim effect: affect shifts preferences for giving.
Approaches to local connectivity in autism using resting state functional connectivity MRI.
Functional and anatomical correlates of word-, sentence-, and discourse-level integration in sign language.
Are you a good mimic? Neuro-acoustic signatures for speech imitation ability
Brain deactivation in the outperformance in bimodal tasks: an FMRI study.
Modulation of fronto-limbic activity by the psychoeducation in euthymic bipolar patients. A functional MRI study.
Over-Reactive Brain Responses to Sensory Stimuli in Youth With Autism Spectrum Disorders RH: fMRI Response to Sensory Stimuli in ASD
The impact of the genome-wide supported variant in the cyclin M2 gene on gray matter morphology in schizophrenia
Asymmetry in primary auditory cortex activity in tinnitus patients and controls
Working memory in schizotypal personality disorder: fMRI activation and deactivation differences.
Neural correlates of second-order verbal deception: A functional near-infrared spectroscopy (fNIRS) study
Grey matter abnormalities in untreated hyperthyroidism: A voxel-based morphometry study using the DARTEL approach
A positron emission tomography study of nigro-striatal dopaminergic mechanisms underlying attention: implications for ADHD and its treatment.
Analysis of Cortical Shape in Children with Simplex Autism.
A clinical case study of a psychoanalytic psychotherapy monitored with functional neuroimaging
Witnessing hateful people in pain modulates brain activity in regions associated with physical pain and reward
A taste for words and sounds: a case of lexical-gustatory and sound-gustatory synesthesia
Brain responses to odor mixtures with sub-threshold components
Abnormal movement preparation in task-specific focal hand dystonia.
The reconstruction of choice value in the brain: a look into the size of consideration sets and their affective consequences.
Learning to read an alphabet of human faces produces left-lateralized training effects in the fusiform gyrus.
Spontaneous mentalizing predicts the fundamental attribution error.
When three is not some: on the pragmatics of numerals.
Metrical rhythm implicitly orients attention in time as indexed by improved target detection and left inferior parietal activation.
Fear conditioning, persistence of disruptive behavior and psychopathic traits: an fMRI study
Insula-amygdala functional connectivity is correlated with habituation to repeated negative images.
The Effect of Emotional Arousal and Retention Delay on Subsequent-Memory Effects
Neural substrates of defensive reactivity in two subtypes of specific phobia.
Neural Bases Of Food Perception: Coordinate-Based Meta-Analyses Of Neuroimaging Studies In Multiple Modalities
Encoding of prospective tasks in the human prefrontal cortex under varying task loads.
The neural representation of emotionally neutral faces and places in patients with panic disorder with agoraphobia.
Altered language network activity in young people at familial high-risk for schizophrenia.
Brain circuitries of obsessive compulsive disorder: a systematic review and meta-analysis of diffusion tensor imaging studies.
Neural Substrates of Inhibitory Control Deficits in 22q11.2 Deletion Syndrome
Ventral fronto-temporal pathway supporting cognitive control of episodic memory retrieval.
Differences in white matter reflect atypical developmental trajectory in autism: A Tract-based Spatial Statistics study☆
Poor supplementary motor area activation differentiates auditory verbal hallucination from imagining the hallucination☆
The impact of serotonin transporter genotype on default network connectivity in children and adolescents with autism spectrum disorders☆
The influence of cerebral small vessel disease on default mode network deactivation in mild cognitive impairment☆
Altered emotional interference processing in the amygdala and insula in women with Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder☆☆☆
Impaired acquisition rates of probabilistic associative learning in frontotemporal dementia is associated with fronto-striatal atrophy☆
Preparatory neural networks are impaired in adults with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder during the antisaccade task
Mapping cortical anatomy in preschool aged children with autism using surface-based morphometry☆
Neuro-anatomical correlates of a number bisection bias: A neuropsychological voxel-based morphometry study
Structural imaging differences and longitudinal changes in primary lateral sclerosis and amyotrophic lateral sclerosis
Medial prefrontal brain activation to anticipated reward and loss in obsessive–compulsive disorder☆
Reduced functional integration of the sensorimotor and language network in rolandic epilepsy☆
Money for nothing — Atrophy correlates of gambling decision making in behavioural variant frontotemporal dementia and Alzheimer's disease☆
Disrupted segregation of working memory networks in temporal lobe epilepsy☆
Common and distinct neural mechanisms of visual and tactile extinction: A large scale VBM study in sub-acute stroke☆
fMRI investigation of visual change detection in adults with autism☆
Osmotic release oral system-methylphenidate improves neural activity during low reward processing in children and adolescents with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder
Neural mechanisms of symptom improvements in generalized anxiety disorder following mindfulness training☆☆☆
Deficits in cortical, diencephalic and midbrain gray matter in alcoholism measured by VBM: Effects of co-morbid substance abuse☆☆☆★
In vivo evaluation of gray and white matter volume loss in the parkinsonian variant of multiple system atrophy using SPM8 plus DARTEL for VBM☆
Proactive and reactive cognitive control and dorsolateral prefrontal cortex dysfunction in first episode schizophrenia☆
Cardio-metabolic risk factors and cortical thickness in a neurologically healthy male population: Results from the psychological, social and biological determinants of ill health (pSoBid) study☆☆☆
Neural correlates of the DemTect in Alzheimer's disease and frontotemporal lobar degeneration – A combined MRI & FDG-PET study☆
Whole-brain functional connectivity during emotional word classification in medication-free Major Depressive Disorder: Abnormal salience circuitry and relations to positive emotionality
Neural substrates of episodic memory dysfunction in behavioural variant frontotemporal dementia with and without C9ORF72 expansions☆
Left ear advantage in speech-related dichotic listening is not specific to auditory processing disorder in children: A machine-learning fMRI and DTI study☆
Abnormal corticostriatal-limbic functional connectivity in obsessive–compulsive disorder during reward processing and resting-state☆
Dissociative part-dependent biopsychosocial reactions to backward masked angry and neutral faces: An fMRI study of dissociative identity disorder☆
Preoperative language lateralization in temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE) predicts peri-ictal, pre- and post-operative language performance: An fMRI study☆
Structural basis of the fronto-thalamic dysconnectivity in schizophrenia: A combined DCM-VBM study☆
Structural alterations in brainstem of fibromyalgia syndrome patients correlate with sensitivity to mechanical pressure
Binge drinking influences the cerebral processing of vocal affective bursts in young adults☆
The Two Sides of Pain Communication: Effects of Pain Expressiveness on Vicarious Brain Responses Revealed in Chronic Back Pain Patients
Evening hyperphagia and food motivation: A preliminary study of neural mechanisms
Pathways to lexical ambiguity: fMRI evidence for bilateral fronto-parietal involvement in language processing.
Fronto-parietal dorsal and ventral pathways in the context of different linguistic manipulations.
Cocaine-associated odor cue re-exposure increases blood oxygenation level dependent signal in memory and reward regions of the maternal rat brain.
Resting state fMRI entropy probes complexity of brain activity in adults with ADHD.
Mindfulness based intervention in Parkinson's disease leads to structural brain changes on MRI
A network analysis of audiovisual affective speech perception
The local, global, and neural aspects of visuospatial processing in autism spectrum disorders.
Selective transfer of visual working memory training on Chinese character learning.
Reading the mind in the infant eyes: Paradoxical effects of oxytocin on neural activity and emotion recognition in watching pictures of infant faces.
Brain systems underlying attentional control and emotional distraction during working memory encoding.
The extrastriate body area is involved in illusory limb ownership.
Estimates of segregation and overlap of functional connectivity networks in the human cerebral cortex.
Dynamic gamma frequency feedback coupling between higher and lower order visual cortices underlies perceptual completion in humans
When "Your" reward is the same as "My" reward: self-construal priming shifts neural responses to own vs. friends' rewards.
The superior temporal sulcus and the N170 during face processing: single trial analysis of concurrent EEG-fMRI.
Neural responses to subliminally presented cannabis and other emotionally evocative cues in cannabis-dependent individuals.
Unfolding the Spatial and Temporal Neural Processing of Lying about Face Familiarity.
An Investigation of Place and Voice Features Using fMRI-Adaptation.
EEG upper/low alpha frequency power ratio relates to temporo-parietal brain atrophy and memory performances in mild cognitive impairment
The effects of methylphenidate on cerebral activations to salient stimuli in healthy adults
Selective development of anticorrelated networks in the intrinsic functional organization of the human brain.
Drawing lines while imagining circles: Neural basis of the bimanual coupling effect during motor execution and motor imagery.
Region-specific modulations in oscillatory alpha activity serve to facilitate processing in the visual and auditory modalities
Neuroanatomic correlates of the feature-salience hierarchy in face processing: an fMRI -adaptation study.
Childhood maltreatment is associated with altered fear circuitry and increased internalizing symptoms by late adolescence.
Altered brain long-range functional interactions underlying the link between aberrant self-experience and self-other relationship in first-episode schizophrenia.
No evidence for enhanced extinction memory consolidation through noradrenergic reuptake inhibition-delayed memory test and reinstatement in human fMRI.
The APOE varepsilon4 allele affects complexity and functional connectivity of resting brain activity in healthy adults.
Neural antecedents of social decision-making in a partner choice task.
Memory consolidation of fear conditioning: Bi-stable amygdala connectivity with dorsal anterior cingulate and medial prefrontal cortex.
The neural underpinnings of an optimal exploitation of social information under uncertainty.
Adult age-dependent differences in resting-state connectivity within and between visual-attention and sensorimotor networks
Audio-visual perception of 3D cinematography: an fMRI study using condition-based and computation-based analyses.
Individual Differences in Attentional Bias Associated with Cocaine Dependence Are Related to Varying Engagement of Neural Processing Networks
Common brain areas engaged in false belief reasoning and visual perspective taking: a meta-analysis of functional brain imaging studies
Shifted intrinsic connectivity of central executive and salience network in borderline personality disorder.
Combined structural and functional imaging reveals cortical deactivations in grapheme-color synaesthesia
Structural Abnormalities in Bipolar Euthymia: A Multicontrast Molecular Diffusion Imaging Study.
Regional white matter hyperintensities: aging, AD risk, and cognitive function
Neural correlates of delusion in bipolar depression.
The functional neuroanatomy of spontaneous retrieval and strategic monitoring of delayed intentions.
How many forms of perseveration? Evidence from cancellation tasks in right hemisphere patients
Format-dependent representations of symbolic and non-symbolic numbers in the human cortex as revealed by multi-voxel pattern analyses.
Altered resting state brain networks in Parkinson's disease.
Is the brain's inertia for motor movements different for acceleration and deceleration?
Using hypnotic suggestion to model loss of control and awareness of movements: an exploratory FMRI study.
Anger under control: neural correlates of frustration as a function of trait aggression.
Decreased thalamocortical functional connectivity after 36 hours of total sleep deprivation: evidence from resting state FMRI.
The Queen and I: neural correlates of altered self-related cognitions in major depressive episode.
The Development of the Neural Substrates of Cognitive Control in Adolescents with Autism Spectrum Disorders.
Default mode network activity in male adolescents with conduct and substance use disorder.
Lesion side matters — An fMRI study on the association between neural correlates of watching dynamic fearful faces and their evaluation in patients with temporal lobe epilepsy
Cortical thickness, cortical and subcortical volume, and white matter integrity in patients with their first episode of major depression.
Resting state functional connectivity alterations in primary lateral sclerosis.
Complex Regional Pain Syndrome Is Associated With Structural Abnormalities in Pain-Related Regions of the Human Brain
Fractionating the neural correlates of individual working memory components underlying arithmetic problem solving skills in children.
How do we process event-based and time-based intentions in the brain? an fMRI study of prospective memory in healthy individuals.
Temporal and spatial neural dynamics in the perception of basic emotions from complex scenes.
How reading acquisition changes children's spoken language network.
Abnormal default-mode network homogeneity in first-episode, drug-naive schizophrenia at rest
White matter microstructure changes induced by motor skill learning utilizing a body machine interface.
Neural network of cognitive emotion regulation — An ALE meta-analysis and MACM analysis
Altered topological properties of the cortical motor-related network in patients with subcortical stroke revealed by graph theoretical analysis.
Abnormal salience network in normal aging and in amnestic mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer's disease.
Translating working memory into action: Behavioral and neural evidence for using motor representations in encoding visuo-spatial sequences.
Existential neuroscience: self-esteem moderates neuronal responses to mortality-related stimuli.
The balanced mind: the variability of task-unrelated thoughts predicts error monitoring
fMRI of Working Memory Impairment after Recovery from Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
Reduced regional homogeneity in bilateral frontostriatal system relates to higher impulsivity behavior in codeine-containing cough syrups dependent individuals.
Examination of cognitive fatigue in multiple sclerosis using functional magnetic resonance imaging and diffusion tensor imaging.
Fiber Pathways of Attention Subnetworks Revealed with Tract-Based Spatial Statistics (TBSS) and Probabilistic Tractography
Relating Inter-Individual Differences in Verbal Creative Thinking to Cerebral Structures: An Optimal Voxel-Based Morphometry Study
Grey matter correlates of three language tests in non-demented older adults.
The neural basis of responsibility attribution in decision-making.
Longitudinal growth curves of brain function underlying inhibitory control through adolescence.
Neural Responses of Posterior to Anterior Movement on Lumbar Vertebrae: A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Scene construction in developmental amnesia: an fMRI study.
Self-regulation of the anterior insula: Reinforcement learning using real-time fMRI neurofeedback
Hormonal contraceptives masculinize brain activation patterns in the absence of behavioral changes in two numerical tasks.
Passive reading and motor imagery about hand actions and tool-use actions: an fMRI study.
Neural correlates of four broad temperament dimensions: testing predictions for a novel construct of personality.
Abnormal error monitoring in math-anxious individuals: evidence from error-related brain potentials.
MEG activity related to conscious perception is stable within individuals across years but not between individuals
Representation, control, or reasoning? Distinct functions for theory of mind within the medial prefrontal cortex.
Audiovisual speech integration does not rely on the motor system: evidence from articulatory suppression, the McGurk effect, and fMRI.
Thalamic diffusion differences related to cognitive function in white matter lesions.
Brain activation in teenagers with isolated spelling disorder during tasks involving spelling assessment and comparison of pseudowords. fMRI study
Neural circuitry of masked emotional face processing in youth with bipolar disorder, severe mood dysregulation, and healthy volunteers
Multimodal voxel-based meta-analysis of structural and functional magnetic resonance imaging studies in those at elevated genetic risk of developing schizophrenia.
Neural Correlates of Impaired Cognitive Control over Working Memory in Schizophrenia.
Higher volume of ventral striatum and right prefrontal cortex in pathological gambling.
Functional changes during working memory in Huntington's disease: 30-month longitudinal data from the IMAGE-HD study.
Neural Correlates of Explicit Social Judgments on Vocal Stimuli.
A phenotypic structure and neural correlates of compulsive behaviors in adolescents.
Volitional regulation of emotions produces distributed alterations in connectivity between visual, attention control, and default networks.
Processing of zero-derived words in English: an fMRI investigation.
Brain expansion in patients with type II diabetes following insulin therapy: a preliminary study with longitudinal voxel-based morphometry.
White matter integrity as a predictor of response to treatment in first episode psychosis
Limbic activity in antipsychotic naive first-episode psychotic subjects during facial emotion discrimination.
Frontotemporal Network Connectivity during Memory Encoding Is Increased with Aging and Disrupted by Beta-Amyloid
Similarity of fMRI activity patterns in left perirhinal cortex reflects semantic similarity between words.
Neural Basis of Emotional Decision Making in Trait Anxiety
Sex Differences in Itch Perception and Modulation by Distraction – an fMRI Pilot Study in Healthy Volunteers
FMRI scanner noise interaction with affective neural processes.
Memory retrieval of smoking-related images induce greater insula activation as revealed by an fMRI based delayed matching to sample task
Hidden word learning capacity through orthography in aphasia.
Stable signatures of schizophrenia in the cortical-subcortical-cerebellar network using fMRI of verbal working memory.
Characterizing the normative profile of 18F-FDG PET brain imaging: Sex difference, aging effect, and cognitive reserve
Menstrual cycle effects on selective attention and its underlying cortical networks
Olfactory performance acts as a cognitive reserve in non-demented patients with Parkinson's disease
Cultural influences on the neural correlate of moral decision making processes.
Altered oscillation patterns and connectivity during picture naming in autism
Brain activity in advantageous and disadvantageous situations: implications for reward/punishment sensitivity in different situations.
Neuroanatomical correlates of Klinefelter syndrome studied in relation to the neuropsychological profile.
Residual number processing in dyscalculia.
Plastic modulation of PTSD resting-state networks by EEG neurofeedback
Functional connectivity of negative emotional processing in adolescent depression.
Involvement of the mirror neuron system in blunted affect in schizophrenia.
Neural processes during encoding support durable memory.
Differential brain activity in subjects with painful trigeminal neuropathy and painful temporomandibular disorder.
The dynamics of contour integration: A simultaneous EEG-fMRI study.
To create or to recall? Neural mechanisms underlying the generation of creative new ideas.
Short-term antidepressant administration reduces default mode and task-positive network connectivity in healthy individuals during rest.
Individual differences in the morphometry and activation of time perception networks are influenced by dopamine genotype.
Capturing the musical brain with Lasso: Dynamic decoding of musical features from fMRI data.
Lateral posterior parietal activity during source memory judgments of perceived and imagined events.
Grapheme-color synesthesia interferes with color perception in a standard Stroop task
Cognitive control network connectivity in adolescent women with and without a parental history of depression.
Cerebral processing of social rejection in patients with borderline personality disorder.
Learning language with the wrong neural scaffolding: the cost of neural commitment to sounds.
Cortical inhibition deficits in recent onset PTSD after a single prolonged trauma exposure
Fibromyalgia interacts with age to change the brain☆☆☆
Mentalizing and motivation neural function during social interactions in autism spectrum disorders☆
Widespread reductions in gray matter volume in depression☆
Neural correlates of “social gaze” processing in high-functioning autism under systematic variation of gaze duration☆
The benefits of skull stripping in the normalization of clinical fMRI data☆
An investigation of changes in regional gray matter volume in cardiovascular disease patients, pre and post cardiovascular rehabilitation☆
Functional neuroimaging study of performances on a Go/No-go task in 6- to 7-year-old preterm children: Impact of intrauterine growth restriction☆☆☆
The brains of high functioning autistic individuals do not synchronize with those of others☆
Acute stress-induced cortisol elevations mediate reward system activity during subconscious processing of sexual stimuli
The contribution of different frequency bands of fMRI data to the correlation with EEG alpha rhythm.
Alterations in regional functional coherence within the sensory-motor network in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Intraparietal Sulcus Activity and Functional Connectivity Supporting Spatial Working Memory Manipulation.
Soothing the threatened brain: leveraging contact comfort with emotionally focused therapy.
Hypnotizability, Hypnosis and Prepulse Inhibition of the Startle Reflex in Healthy Women: An ERP Analysis
The Brain’s Response to the Human Voice Depends on the Incidence of Autistic Traits in the General Population
Effective Cerebral Connectivity during Silent Speech Reading Revealed by Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging
Are Frontal Cognitive and Atrophy Patterns Different in PSP and bvFTD? A Comparative Neuropsychological and VBM Study
Neural Mechanism of Facilitation System during Physical Fatigue
Incongruent object/context relationships in visual scenes: where are they processed in the brain?
The default modes of reading: modulation of posterior cingulate and medial prefrontal cortex connectivity associated with comprehension and task focus while reading.
Shorter term aerobic exercise improves brain, cognition, and cardiovascular fitness in aging
Effects of emotion and emotional valence on the neural correlates of episodic memory search and elaboration.
Neural correlates of state- and strength-based perception.
Representational similarity analysis reveals commonalities and differences in the semantic processing of words and objects.
Temporally Dissociable Mechanisms of Self-Control: Early Attentional Filtering Versus Late Value Modulation
The cingulo-opercular network provides word-recognition benefit.
Weighing the stigma of weight: An fMRI study of neural reactivity to the pain of obese individuals.
Shindigs, brunches, and rodeos: the neural basis of event words.
Abacus Training Modulates the Neural Correlates of Exact and Approximate Calculations in Chinese Children: An fMRI Study
The eye contact effect in request and emblematic hand gestures.
A network approach to response inhibition: dissociating functional connectivity of neural components involved in action restraint and action cancellation.
Cognitive flexibility depends on white matter microstructure of the basal ganglia.
Where agreement merges with disagreement: fMRI evidence of subject-verb integration.
Differentially disrupted functional connectivity of the subregions of the inferior parietal lobule in Alzheimer's disease.
Predictive models of resting state networks for assessment of altered functional connectivity in mild cognitive impairment.
Dissociating task difficulty from incongruence in face-voice emotion integration.
Reduced Theta Connectivity during Set-Shifting in Children with Autism
Age differences in the intrinsic functional connectivity of default network subsystems
Frontal white matter alterations are associated with executive cognitive function in euthymic bipolar patients.
Self vs. other: Neural correlates underlying agent identification based on unimodal auditory information as revealed by electrotomography (sLORETA)
Differential effects of the ApoE4 genotype on brain structure and function.
How Self-Determined Choice Facilitates Performance: A Key Role of the Ventromedial Prefrontal Cortex.
Long-term intensive training induced brain structural changes in world class gymnasts.
Oxytocin enhances brain function in children with autism.
How music alters a kiss: superior temporal gyrus controls fusiform-amygdalar effective connectivity.
Altered frontocingulate activation during aversive interoceptive processing in young adults transitioning to problem stimulant use.
Region-Specific Slowing of Alpha Oscillations is Associated with Visual-Perceptual Abilities in Children Born Very Preterm
Brain regional homogeneity changes following transjugular intrahepatic portosystemic shunt in cirrhotic patients support cerebral adaptability theory—A resting-state functional MRI study
Resting-state synchrony between anterior cingulate cortex and precuneus relates to body shape concern in anorexia nervosa and bulimia nervosa.
fMRI and sleep correlates of the age-related impairment in motor memory consolidation.
The neurosteroids allopregnanolone and dehydroepiandrosterone modulate resting-state amygdala connectivity.
Methods for olfactory fMRI studies: Implication of respiration.
Neural dynamics of reward probability coding: a Magnetoencephalographic study in humans.
Gray- and white-matter anatomy of absolute pitch possessors.
Hippocampus and Retrosplenial Cortex Combine Path Integration Signals for Successful Navigation
Attentional modulation of reward processing in the human brain.
The dark side of self-focus: brain activity during self-focus in low and high brooders.
Working memory in middle-aged males: age-related brain activation changes and cognitive fatigue effects.
Functionally distinct contributions of the anterior and posterior putamen during sublexical and lexical reading.
Neural correlates of emotional personality: a structural and functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Midgut Microbial Community of Culex quinquefasciatus Mosquito Populations from India
Differences in Brain Morphological Findings between Narcolepsy with and without Cataplexy
Effect of replacing sugar with non-caloric sweeteners in beverages on the reward value after repeated exposure.
FUNCTIONAL CONNECTIVITY OF HIPPOCAMPAL NETWORKS IN TEMPORAL LOBE EPILEPSY
Effects of Stimulants on Brain Function in Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Global resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging analysis identifies frontal cortex, striatal, and cerebellar dysconnectivity in obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Divergent task-dependent functional connectivity of executive control and salience networks.
Dissociable roles of default-mode regions during episodic encoding.
Gender differences in neural-behavioral response to self-observation during a novel fMRI social stress task.
Cross-linguistic sound symbolism and crossmodal correspondence: Evidence from fMRI and DTI.
Assessment of rodent brain activity using combined [(15)O]H2O-PET and BOLD-fMRI.
Decision-making deficit of a patient with axonal damage after traumatic brain injury.
Imaging markers of structural and functional brain changes that precede cognitive symptoms in risk for Alzheimer’s disease
fMRI evidence for the interaction between orthography and phonology in reading Chinese compound words.
Similar and Different Gray Matter Deficits in Schizophrenia Patients and Their Unaffected Biological Relatives
Pathomechanisms and compensatory efforts related to Parkinsonian speech☆
Functional interplay between stimulus-oriented and stimulus-independent attending during a prospective memory task.
Temporal frequency tuning of cortical face-sensitive areas for individual face perception.
Additive genetic effect of APOE and BDNF on hippocampus activity.
The similarity structure of distributed neural responses reveals the multiple representations of letters.
Neuroanatomic pathway associated with attentional deficits after stroke.
Different neural capacity limitations for articulatory and non-articulatory maintenance of verbal information.
How Does Experience Modulate Auditory Spatial Processing in Individuals with Blindness?
Ha ha! versus aha! a direct comparison of humor to nonhumorous insight for determining the neural correlates of mirth.
Dorsomedial prefrontal cortex activity predicts the accuracy in estimating others' preferences.
Situating emotional experience.
Long-range neural activity evoked by premotor cortex stimulation: a TMS/EEG co-registration study
Attention shifts the language network reflecting paradigm presentation.
Tracking the Cognitive, Social, and Neuroanatomical Profile in Early Neurodegeneration: Type III Cockayne Syndrome
A Preliminary Study of White Matter in Adolescent Depression: Relationships with Illness Severity, Anhedonia, and Irritability
Identify changes of brain regional homogeneity in bipolar disorder and unipolar depression using resting-state FMRI.
Perception of social cues of danger in autism spectrum disorders.
Bayesian network analysis reveals alterations to default mode network connectivity in individuals at risk for Alzheimer's disease.
Brain's reward circuits mediate itch relief. a functional MRI study of active scratching.
The effect of feedback on performance and brain activation during perceptual learning.
Attenuated prefrontal activation during decision-making under uncertainty in schizophrenia: a multi-center fMRI study.
Effects of cortical activations on enhancement of handgrip force during teeth clenching: an fMRI study.
Static and dynamic characteristics of cerebral blood flow during the resting state in schizophrenia.
Frontal Lobe Epilepsy Alters Functional Connections Within the Brain's Motor Network: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Striatum and Insula Dysfunction during Reinforcement Learning Differentiates Abstinent and Relapsed Methamphetamine Dependent Individuals
Preservation and compensation: the functional neuroanatomy of insight and working memory in schizophrenia.
Functional effects of chronic paroxetine versus placebo on the fear, stress and anxiety brain circuit in Social Anxiety Disorder: initial validation of an imaging protocol for drug discovery.
Neural correlates of ideomotor effect anticipations
Key issues in decomposing fMRI during naturalistic and continuous music experience with independent component analysis.
Motor execution and motor imagery: A comparison of functional connectivity patterns based on graph theory
Distinct associations of insula and cingulate volume with the cognitive and affective dimensions of alexithymia.
The Neural Correlates of Reading Fluency Deficits in Children.
Reorganization of hippocampal functional connectivity with transition to chronic back pain.
Behavioral and genetic correlates of the neural response to infant crying among human fathers.
Diagnostic value underlies asymmetric updating of impressions in the morality and ability domains.
The Neural Circuitry of Reward Processing in Complex Social Comparison: Evidence from an Event-Related fMRI Study
Structural brain differences in school-age children with residual speech sound errors.
A voxel-based morphometry study of young occasional users of amphetamine-type stimulants and cocaine.
Effects of multitasking-training on gray matter structure and resting state neural mechanisms.
Selective Attentional Enhancement and Inhibition of Fronto-Posterior Connectivity by the Basal Ganglia During Attention Switching.
Love to win or hate to lose? Asymmetry of dopamine D2 receptor binding predicts sensitivity to reward vs. punishment
What role does the anterior temporal lobe play in sentence-level processing? Neural correlates of syntactic processing in semantic variant primary progressive aphasia.
Dissociating motivation from reward in human striatal activity.
White noise improves learning by modulating activity in dopaminergic midbrain regions and right superior temporal sulcus.
A DCM for resting state fMRI.
The effect of acutely administered MDMA on subjective and BOLD-fMRI responses to favourite and worst autobiographical memories.
Microstructural changes of the nucleus accumbens due to increase of estradiol level during menstrual cycle contribute to recurrent manic episodes--a single case study.
Age related changes in striatal resting state functional connectivity in autism.
Brain mechanisms underlying the impact of attachment-related stress on social cognition
Using action observation to study superior motor performance: a pilot fMRI study.
Neural networks underlying affective states in a multimodal virtual environment: contributions to boredom.
Expertise and processing distorted structure in chess
Individual differences in brain structure and resting brain function underlie cognitive styles: evidence from the Embedded Figures Test.
Negative emotion regulation in patients with posttraumatic stress disorder.
Disconnection mechanism and regional cortical atrophy contribute to impaired processing of facial expressions and theory of mind in multiple sclerosis: a structural MRI study.
Influence of APOE Genotype on Whole-Brain Functional Networks in Cognitively Normal Elderly
Alterations in white matter microstructure as vulnerability factors and acquired signs of traffic accident-induced PTSD.
Uni- and multisensory brain areas are synchronised across spectators when watching unedited dance recordings
Orthographic Dependency in the Neural Correlates of Reading: Evidence from Audiovisual Integration in English Readers.
Structural changes of the brain in relation to occupational stress.
Neuroticism and extraversion are associated with amygdala resting-state functional connectivity.
Greater externalizing personality traits predict less error-related insula and anterior cingulate cortex activity in acutely abstinent cigarette smokers
White matter correlates of cognitive inhibition during development: A diffusion tensor imaging study
Investigation of decision-making under uncertainty in healthy subjects: a multi-centric fMRI study.
Functional anatomic dissociation of description and picture naming in the left temporal lobe.
Apnea-induced cortical BOLD-fMRI and peripheral sympathoneural firing response patterns of awake healthy humans.
Cerebral Blood Flow Links Insulin Resistance and Baroreflex Sensitivity
Gender Differences of Brain Glucose Metabolic Networks Revealed by FDG-PET: Evidence from a Large Cohort of 400 Young Adults
Morphologic and functional connectivity alterations of corticostriatal and default mode network in treatment-naive patients with obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Nicotine increases cerebellar activity during finger tapping.
Brain activity related to phonation in young patients with adductor spasmodic dysphonia
The neural correlates of the dominance dimension of emotion.
Imaging of olfactory bulb and gray matter volumes in brain areas associated with olfactory function in patients with Parkinson's disease and multiple system atrophy
Autistic adolescents show atypical activation of the brain's mentalizing system even without a prior history of mentalizing problems.
Detecting math problem solving strategies: an investigation into the use of retrospective self-reports, latency and fMRI data.
Where there's smoke, there's fire: The brain reactivity of chronic smokers when exposed to the negative value of smoking
fMRI characterization of visual working memory recognition
Effects of MIR137 on fronto-amygdala functional connectivity.
Neural activity in relation to empirically derived personality syndromes in depression using a psychodynamic fMRI paradigm.
A reversal coarse-grained analysis with application to an altered functional circuit in depression.
Prediction processes during multiple object tracking (MOT): involvement of dorsal and ventral premotor cortices.
Thalamo-striato-cortical determinants to fatigue in multiple sclerosis.
Compensatory Frontoparietal Activity During Working Memory: An Endophenotype of Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder.
Age effects in storage and extinction of a naturally acquired conditioned eyeblink response
The neural bases of distracter-resistant working memory.
Amygdala connectivity differs among chronic, early course, and individuals at risk for developing schizophrenia.
Coding of level of ambiguity within neural systems mediating choice
Positive and negative reinforcement activate human auditory cortex
Individual structural differences in left inferior parietal area are associated with schoolchildrens' arithmetic scores
Dynamics of the anatomical changes that occur in the brains of schoolchildren as they learn to read.
Age-related changes in the functional network underlying specific and general autobiographical memory retrieval: a pivotal role for the anterior cingulate cortex.
Sustained spatial attention to vibrotactile stimulation in the flutter range: relevant brain regions and their interaction.
Increased functional connectivity between prefrontal cortex and reward system in pathological gambling.
Cognitive flexibility in internet addicts: fMRI evidence from difficult-to-easy and easy-to-difficult switching situations
Increased neural reactivity to socio-emotional stimuli links social exclusion and aggression.
Road work on memory lane-Functional and structural alterations to the learning and memory circuit in adults born very preterm.
Attention for speaking: domain-general control from the anterior cingulate cortex in spoken word production.
Local gyrification index in probands with psychotic disorders and their first-degree relatives.
Me, myself and I: temporal dysfunctions during self-evaluation in patients with schizophrenia.
Reduced reward anticipation in youth at high-risk for unipolar depression: a preliminary study.
Facial emotion modulates the neural mechanisms responsible for short interval time perception.
Turning visual shapes into sounds: Early stages of reading acquisition revealed in the ventral occipitotemporal cortex
Atypical visual processing in posttraumatic stress disorder☆
The effects of tetrahydrobiopterin (BH4) treatment on brain function in individuals with phenylketonuria☆
A role for the precuneus in thought–action fusion: Evidence from participants with significant obsessive–compulsive symptoms☆
The neural basis of theory of mind and its relationship to social functioning and social anhedonia in individuals with schizophrenia☆
Somatotopic reorganization of hand representation in bilateral arm amputees with or without special foot movement skill.
A meta-analysis of sex differences in human brain structure☆
Concurrent functional magnetic resonance imaging and electroencephalography assessment of sensory gating in schizophrenia.
Structural and functional underconnectivity as a negative predictor for language in autism.
A novel V1a receptor antagonist blocks vasopressin-induced changes in the CNS response to emotional stimuli: an fMRI study.
Comprehending expository texts: the dynamic neurobiological correlates of building a coherent text representation.
Fronto-striatal gray matter contributions to discrimination learning in Parkinson's disease
fMRI Guided rTMS Evidence for Reduced Left Prefrontal Involvement after Task Practice
Dissociable influences of skewness and valence on economic choice and neural activity.
Racial bias in neural empathic responses to pain.
Cortical Plasticity after Cochlear Implantation
The Effect of Retrieval Focus and Emotional Valence on the Inferior Frontal Cortex Activity during Autobiographical Recollection
Spontaneous brain activity in adult patients with moyamoya disease: a resting-state fMRI study.
Prior perceptual processing enhances the effect of emotional arousal on the neural correlates of memory retrieval
Training-induced changes in inhibitory control network activity.
Brain-based translation: fMRI decoding of spoken words in bilinguals reveals language-independent semantic representations in anterior temporal lobe.
Neural correlate of human reciprocity in social interactions
Brain regions concerned with the identification of deceptive soccer moves by higher-skilled and lower-skilled players
Trauma, dream, and psychic change in psychoanalyses: a dialog between psychoanalysis and the neurosciences.
Individuals Diagnosed with Schizophrenia Assign Emotional Importance to Neutral Stimuli: An fMRI Study
An fMRI investigation of delay discounting in patients with schizophrenia.
Effect of language task demands on the neural response during lexical access: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Comparison between brain CT and MRI for voxel-based morphometry of Alzheimer's disease
Transcranial electrical stimulation modifies the neuronal response to psychosocial stress exposure.
Structural neuroimaging correlates of allelic variation of the BDNF val66met polymorphism.
Creating metaphors: the neural basis of figurative language production.
False belief and counterfactual reasoning in a social environment.
Domain-general inhibition areas of the brain are involved in language switching: FMRI evidence from trilingual speakers.
Computational principles of syntax in the regions specialized for language: integrating theoretical linguistics and functional neuroimaging.
Focusing Narrowly or Broadly Attention When Judging Categorical and Coordinate Spatial Relations: A MEG Study
Sex differences in the neural processing of aversive interoceptive events: the benefit of relief.
Neuronal Correlates of Risk-Seeking Attitudes to Anticipated Losses in Binge Drinkers.
Major depressive disorder is associated with abnormal interoceptive activity and functional connectivity in the insula
Brain activation for response inhibition under gaming cue distraction in internet gaming disorder
Anhedonia and Reward-Circuit Connectivity Distinguish Nonresponders from Responders to Dorsomedial Prefrontal Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation in Major Depression.
A combined effect of two Alzheimer's risk genes on medial temporal activity during executive attention in young adults.
Resting-state connectivity in the prodromal phase of schizophrenia: Insights from EEG microstates
Hoarding disorder and obsessive-compulsive disorder show different patterns of neural activity during response inhibition.
Automatic denoising of functional MRI data: combining independent component analysis and hierarchical fusion of classifiers.
The cortical basis of true memory and false memory for motion.
Differences in functional activity between boys with pure oppositional defiant disorder and controls during a response inhibition task: a preliminary study.
The role of semantic abstractness and perceptual category in processing speech accompanied by gestures.
Dissociated repetition deficits in aphasia can reflect flexible interactions between left dorsal and ventral streams and gender-dimorphic architecture of the right dorsal stream.
Cross-modal integration of emotions in the chemical senses.
Overall reductions in functional brain activation are associated with falls in older adults: an fMRI study
Medial Parietal Cortex Activation Related to Attention Control Involving Alcohol Cues
A word by any other intonation: FMRI evidence for implicit memory traces for pitch contours of spoken words in adult brains.
Duration of Untreated Psychosis Is Associated with Temporal and Occipitotemporal Gray Matter Volume Decrease in Treatment Naïve Schizophrenia
Regional Grey Matter Structure Differences between Transsexuals and Healthy Controls—A Voxel Based Morphometry Study
A large N400 but no BOLD effect--comparing source activations of semantic priming in simultaneous EEG-fMRI.
BAIAP2 is related to emotional modulation of human memory strength.
Cross-linguistic influence of first language writing systems on brain responses to second language word reading in late bilinguals.
Anxiety type modulates immediate versus delayed engagement of attention-related brain regions.
Neural systems underlying the reappraisal of personally craved foods.
Quantitative characterization of functional anatomical contributions to cognitive control under uncertainty.
Neural substrates of social status inference: roles of medial prefrontal cortex and superior temporal sulcus.
Action sentences activate sensory motor regions in the brain independently of their status of reality.
Effects of Cognitive-Behavioral Therapy on Brain Responses to Subliminal and Supraliminal Threat and Their Functional Significance in Specific Phobia.
Imaging early consolidation of perceptual learning with face stimuli during rest.
The neural bases of feeling understood and not understood.
Neural basis of increased costly norm enforcement under adversity.
A comparison of neural correlates underlying social cognition in Klinefelter syndrome and autism.
The brain network reflecting bodily self-consciousness: a functional connectivity study.
'Inner voices': the cerebral representation of emotional voice cues described in literary texts.
Neural disruption to theory of mind predicts daily social functioning in individuals at familial high-risk for schizophrenia
Tics are caused by alterations in prefrontal areas, thalamus and putamen, while changes in the cingulate gyrus reflect secondary compensatory mechanisms
Making an effort to feel positive: insecure attachment in infancy predicts the neural underpinnings of emotion regulation in adulthood
Girls' challenging social experiences in early adolescence predict neural response to rewards and depressive symptoms.
Altered neural activity in the 'when' pathway during temporal processing in fragile X premutation carriers.
Linking inter-individual differences in the conflict adaptation effect to spontaneous brain activity.
Too hard to control: compromised pain anticipation and modulation in mild traumatic brain injury
Upregulation of cognitive control networks in older adults’ speech comprehension
Induction of neuroplasticity and recovery in post-stroke aphasia by non-invasive brain stimulation.
Neural mechanisms underlying social conformity in an ultimatum game.
Memory for fearful faces across development: specialization of amygdala nuclei and medial temporal lobe structures.
Identifying functional reorganization of spelling networks: an individual peak probability comparison approach
White matter microstructural changes as vulnerability factors and acquired signs of post-earthquake distress.
Cue reactivity is associated with duration and severity of alcohol dependence: an FMRI study.
Diurnal Microstructural Variations in Healthy Adult Brain Revealed by Diffusion Tensor Imaging
The neurobiology of speech perception decline in aging.
Infra-slow EEG fluctuations are correlated with resting-state network dynamics in fMRI.
The control of global brain dynamics: opposing actions of frontoparietal control and default mode networks on attention.
Altered spontaneous brain activity in patients with Parkinson's disease accompanied by depressive symptoms, as revealed by regional homogeneity and functional connectivity in the prefrontal-limbic sys
Decomposing decision components in the stop-signal task: a model-based approach to individual differences in inhibitory control.
Brain signature of working memory for sentence structure: enriched encoding and facilitated maintenance.
Stress and decision making: neural correlates of the interaction between stress, executive functions, and decision making under risk.
Complementary Roles of Slow-Wave Sleep and Rapid Eye Movement Sleep in Emotional Memory Consolidation.
Regional gray matter volume is associated with empathizing and systemizing in young adults.
Hippocampal and Frontolimbic Function as Intermediate Phenotype for Psychosis: Evidence from Healthy Relatives and a Common Risk Variant in CACNA1C.
Social anhedonia and medial prefrontal response to mutual liking in late adolescents.
Cluster-extent based thresholding in fMRI analyses: pitfalls and recommendations.
When a loved one feels unfamiliar: a case study on the neural basis of Capgras delusion.
Developmental changes of neuronal networks associated with strategic social decision-making.
Towards neural correlates of auditory stimulus processing: A simultaneous auditory evoked potentials and functional magnetic resonance study using an odd-ball paradigm
The effect of theta-burst TMS on cognitive control networks measured with resting state fMRI.
The neural coding of creative idea generation across adolescence and early adulthood.
Plasticity of resting state brain networks in recovery from stress
Functional magnetic resonance imaging connectivity analyses reveal efference-copy to primary somatosensory area, BA2.
Effects of combining 2 weeks of passive sensory stimulation with active hand motor training in healthy adults.
Contribution of the resting-state functional connectivity of the contralesional primary sensorimotor cortex to motor recovery after subcortical stroke.
Brain Metabolism during Hallucination-Like Auditory Stimulation in Schizophrenia
Childhood emotional maltreatment severity is associated with dorsal medial prefrontal cortex responsivity to social exclusion in young adults.
18. Impact of a single bout of aerobic exercise on regional brain perfusion and activation responses in healthy young adults.
First-episode medication-naive major depressive disorder is associated with altered resting brain function in the affective network.
Complex regional pain syndrome type I affects brain structure in prefrontal and motor cortex.
Gray-white matter and cerebrospinal fluid volume differences in children with Specific Language Impairment and/or Reading Disability.
Morphological brain plasticity induced by musical expertise is accompanied by modulation of functional connectivity at rest.
Ranking brain areas encoding the perceived level of pain from fMRI data.
Autism Spectrum Disorder as Early Neurodevelopmental Disorder: Evidence from the Brain Imaging Abnormalities in 2–3 Years Old Toddlers
Neural substrates of cognitive control under the belief of getting neurofeedback training.
The wandering mood: psychological and neural determinants of rest-related negative affect
Emotional contagion for pain is intact in autism spectrum disorders
Uncertainty and confidence from the triple-network perspective: voxel-based meta-analyses.
DRD2 genotype predicts prefrontal activity during working memory after stimulation of D2 receptors with bromocriptine.
Abnormal autonomic and associated brain activities during rest in autism spectrum disorder
Frontotemporal neural systems supporting semantic processing in Alzheimer's disease.
Medial Temporal Lobe Contributions to Intra-Item Associative Recognition Memory in the Aging Brain
Abnormal baseline brain activity in drug-naive patients with Tourette syndrome: a resting-state fMRI study.
Frontal-Subcortical Volumetric Deficits in Single Episode, Medication-Naïve Depressed Patients and the Effects of 8 Weeks Fluoxetine Treatment: A VBM-DARTEL Study
The route to an integrative associative memory is influenced by emotion.
Implicit target substitution and sequencing for lexical tone production in Chinese: an FMRI study.
Neuroimaging of Reading Intervention: A Systematic Review and Activation Likelihood Estimate Meta-Analysis
Functional overlap of top-down emotion regulation and generation: an fMRI study identifying common neural substrates between cognitive reappraisal and cognitively generated emotions.
Preserved high-centrality hubs but efficient network reorganization during eyes-open state compared with eyes-closed resting state: an MEG study.
Mental action simulation synchronizes action-observation circuits across individuals.
An investigation into the origin of anatomical differences in dyslexia.
Precuneus is a functional core of the default-mode network.
Music practice is associated with development of working memory during childhood and adolescence
Motor recovery and microstructural change in rubro-spinal tract in subcortical stroke
Reductions in brain 5-HT1B receptor availability in primarily cocaine-dependent humans.
Brain atrophy in primary progressive aphasia involves the cholinergic basal forebrain and Ayala's nucleus.
Evidence for altered amygdala activation in schizophrenia in an adaptive emotion recognition task.
A neural mechanism for recognizing speech spoken by different speakers.
Gray matter volume abnormalities in type 2 diabetes mellitus with and without mild cognitive impairment.
Evidence for working memory storage operations in perceptual cortex.
Two separate, but interacting, neural systems for familiarity and novelty detection: a dual-route mechanism.
Regionally accentuated reversible brain grey matter reduction in ultra marathon runners detected by voxel-based morphometry
Hippocampal and orbital inferior frontal gray matter volume abnormalities and cognitive deficit in treatment-naive, first-episode patients with schizophrenia.
Three-Week Bright-Light Intervention Has Dose-Related Effects on Threat-Related Corticolimbic Reactivity and Functional Coupling.
Cardiovascular risks and brain function: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study of executive function in older adults.
Emotional valence and arousal affect reading in an interactive way: Neuroimaging evidence for an approach-withdrawal framework
Representation of response alternatives in human presupplementary motor area: Multi-voxel pattern analysis in a go/no-go task
Re-thinking the role of motor cortex: context-sensitive motor outputs?
Resting state functional connectivity of the nucleus accumbens in youth with a family history of alcoholism.
Placebo treatment can alter primary visual cortex activity and connectivity
Olfaction as a marker for depression in humans.
fMRI response to negative words and SSRI treatment outcome in major depressive disorder: a preliminary study
Differences in paracingulate connectivity associated with epileptiform discharges and uncontrolled seizures in genetic generalized epilepsy.
Spontaneous neuronal activity predicts intersubject variations in executive control of attention
Dynamic stimuli demonstrate a categorical representation of facial expression in the amygdala.
Reward prospect rapidly speeds up response inhibition via reactive control.
Neural correlates of adaptation to gradual and to sudden visuomotor distortions in humans.
Effect of MAOA Genotype on Resting-State Networks in Healthy Participants.
The Rostro-Caudal Axis of Frontal Cortex Is Sensitive to the Domain of Stimulus Information.
Evidence for Cerebellar Contributions to Adaptive Plasticity in Speech Perception.
Ventromedial prefrontal cortex activity and rapid eye movement sleep are associated with subsequent fear expression in human subjects.
Prefrontal transcranial direct current stimulation alters activation and connectivity in cortical and subcortical reward systems: A tDCS-fMRI study.
Establishing the resting state default mode network derived from functional magnetic resonance imaging tasks as an endophenotype: A twins study.
A functional MRI study of the relationship between naming treatment outcomes and resting state functional connectivity in post-stroke aphasia.
Aging effects on the resting state motor network and interlimb coordination.
Common and dissociated mechanisms for estimating large and small dot arrays: Value-specific fMRI adaptation.
Dissociable identity- and modality-specific neural representations as revealed by cross-modal nonspatial inhibition of return.
Prediction of human actions: Expertise and task-related effects on neural activation of the action observation network.
Reward-related activity in ventral striatum is action contingent and modulated by behavioral relevance.
High Intensity Interval Training in a Real World Setting: A Randomized Controlled Feasibility Study in Overweight Inactive Adults, Measuring Change in Maximal Oxygen Uptake
Adolescent Brain Maturation and Cortical Folding: Evidence for Reductions in Gyrification
Regional homogeneity of intrinsic brain activity in happy and unhappy individuals.
Connectivity features for identifying cognitive impairment in presymptomatic carotid stenosis.
Extrapunitive and intropunitive individuals activate different parts of the prefrontal cortex under an ego-blocking frustration.
Ventral striatum gray matter density reduction in patients with schizophrenia and psychotic emotional dysregulation.
A coordinate-based ALE functional MRI meta-analysis of brain activation during verbal fluency tasks in healthy control subjects
Attention biases visual activity in visual short-term memory.
Dissociable neuroanatomical correlates of subsecond and suprasecond time perception.
Individual differences in crossmodal brain activity predict arcuate fasciculus connectivity in developing readers.
Pretreatment brain states identify likely nonresponse to standard treatments for depression
The Spatial Orienting paradigm: how to design and interpret spatial attention experiments.
Social cognition and neural substrates of face perception: implications for neurodevelopmental and neuropsychiatric disorders.
The cortical and cerebellar representation of the lumbar spine.
MRI Default Mode Network Connectivity is Associated with Functional Outcome after Cardiopulmonary Arrest
Identifying with fictive characters: structural brain correlates of the personality trait 'fantasy'.
Neuroimaging Evidence of Motor Control and Pain Processing in the Human Midcingulate Cortex.
Convergent BOLD and Beta-Band Activity in Superior Temporal Sulcus and Frontolimbic Circuitry Underpins Human Emotion Cognition.
BDNF polymorphisms are linked to poorer working memory performance, reduced cerebellar and hippocampal volumes and differences in prefrontal cortex in a Swedish elderly population.
Brain processing of visual stimuli representing sexual penetration versus core and animal-reminder disgust in women with lifelong vaginismus.
Social alienation in schizophrenia patients: association with insula responsiveness to facial expressions of disgust.
Motor imagery learning modulates functional connectivity of multiple brain systems in resting state.
Audio-Tactile Integration and the Influence of Musical Training
Windowed Correlation: A Suitable Tool for Providing Dynamic fMRI-Based Functional Connectivity Neurofeedback on Task Difficulty
fMRI of Retina-Originated Phosphenes Experienced by Patients with Leber Congenital Amaurosis
Rules from words: a dynamic neural basis for a lawful linguistic process.
Functional connectivity between face-movement and speech-intelligibility areas during auditory-only speech perception.
Sequencing Biological and Physical Events Affects Specific Frequency Bands within the Human Premotor Cortex: An Intracerebral EEG Study
Neural mechanisms by which attention modulates the comparison of remembered and perceptual representations.
Lateral occipitotemporal cortex and action representation.
fMRI pain activation in the periaqueductal gray in healthy volunteers during the cold pressor test
Altered brain activation during response inhibition and error processing in subjects with Internet gaming disorder: a functional magnetic imaging study.
Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation Modulates Activation and Effective Connectivity During Spatial Navigation
Brain mechanisms underlying the effects of aging on different aspects of selective attention.
The neural bases underlying social risk perception in purchase decisions.
Sequential inhibitory control processes assessed through simultaneous EEG-fMRI.
The thickness of posterior cortical areas is related to executive dysfunction in Alzheimer's disease
The functional neuroimaging evidence of cerebellar involvement in the simple cognitive task.
Temporal reliability and lateralization of the resting-state language network.
Structural integrity of the contralesional hemisphere predicts cognitive impairment in ischemic stroke at three months.
Multi-scale glycemic variability: a link to gray matter atrophy and cognitive decline in type 2 diabetes.
The cognitive control of memory: age differences in the neural correlates of successful remembering and intentional forgetting.
Relationship between personality traits and brain reward responses when playing on a team.
Neural correlates of illusory line motion.
Brain activation during neurocognitive testing using functional near-infrared spectroscopy in patients following concussion compared to healthy controls
Early life stress modulates oxytocin effects on limbic system during acute psychosocial stress.
Intrinsic fluctuations in sustained attention and distractor processing.
Binocular rivalry: frontal activity relates to introspection and action but not to perception.
The neural correlates of risk propensity in males and females using resting-state fMRI.
Detecting analogies unconsciously.
Frontopolar cortex and decision-making efficiency: comparing brain activity of experts with different professional background during an exploration-exploitation task.
Insular dysfunction within the salience network is associated with severity of symptoms and aberrant inter-network connectivity in major depressive disorder.
Primacy and recency effects as indices of the focus of attention.
Linking neuroscientific research on decision making to the educational context of novice students assigned to a multiple-choice scientific task involving common misconceptions about electrical circuit
An fMRI Study of the Influence of a History of Substance Abuse on Working Memory-Related Brain Activation in Schizophrenia
Neural Substrates Underlying Learning-Related Changes of the Unconditioned Fear Response
Bottom-up Retinotopic Organization Supports Top-down Mental Imagery
Neurodegenerative disease diagnosis using incomplete multi-modality data via matrix shrinkage and completion.
Functional MR imaging of a simulated balance task.
Is inhibitory control a ‘no-go’ in adolescents with autism spectrum disorder?
Longitudinal study of striatal activation to reward and loss anticipation from mid-adolescence into late adolescence/early adulthood.
Association between the oxytocin receptor (OXTR) gene and mesolimbic responses to rewards
Task-dependent Activity and Connectivity Predict Episodic Memory Network-based Responses to Brain Stimulation in Healthy Aging
White matter pathway organization of the reward system is related to positive and negative symptoms in schizophrenia.
Association between gray matter volume in the caudate nucleus and financial extravagance: findings from voxel-based morphometry.
Oxytocin effects on mind-reading are moderated by experiences of maternal love withdrawal: An fMRI study
Source recognition by stimulus content in the MTL.
Development of temperamental effortful control mediates the relationship between maturation of the prefrontal cortex and psychopathology during adolescence: a 4-year longitudinal study.
Varieties of perceptual instability and their neural correlates
Evaluation of activity-dependent functional pH and T1rho response in the visual cortex.
Contributions of episodic retrieval and mentalizing to autobiographical thought: evidence from functional neuroimaging, resting-state connectivity, and fMRI meta-analyses.
Cortical Thickness Changes Associated with Photoparoxysmal Response.
Neural efficiency as a function of task demands☆
Structural and Diffusion Property Alterations in Unaffected Siblings of Patients with Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder
The Self-Liking Brain: A VBM Study on the Structural Substrate of Self-Esteem
Temporal profile of fronto-striatal-limbic activity during implicit decisions in drug dependence.
Decreased regional activity of default-mode network in unaffected siblings of schizophrenia patients at rest.
Methylphenidate and brain activity in a reward/conflict paradigm: Role of the insula in task performance
The role of the medial frontal cortex in the maintenance of emotional states
Functional connectivity with ventromedial prefrontal cortex reflects subjective value for social rewards.
Effects of valence and divided attention on cognitive reappraisal processes
Neural response during explicit and implicit face processing varies developmentally in bipolar disorder.
Hypoactive medial prefrontal cortex functioning in adults reporting childhood emotional maltreatment.
Increased involvement of the parahippocampal gyri in a sad mood predicts future depressive symptoms.
Future planning: default network activity couples with frontoparietal control network and reward-processing regions during process and outcome simulations
Neural correlates of social decision-making in severely antisocial adolescents.
The social network-network: size is predicted by brain structure and function in the amygdala and paralimbic regions.
The neural bases of uninstructed negative emotion modulation
Long-term expression of human contextual fear and extinction memories involves amygdala, hippocampus and ventromedial prefrontal cortex: a reinstatement study in two independent samples.
If it bleeds, it leads: separating threat from mere negativity.
Reinstatement of encoding context during recollection: behavioural and neuroimaging evidence of a double dissociation.
Examining brain structures associated with perceived stress in a large sample of young adults via voxel-based morphometry.
Childhood adversity is linked to differential brain volumes in adolescents with alcohol use disorder: a voxel-based morphometry study
Atypical Neural Processing of Ironic and Sincere Remarks in Children and Adolescents with Autism Spectrum Disorders
The importance of synchrony and temporal order of visual and tactile input for illusory limb ownership experiences - an FMRI study applying virtual reality.
Abnormal intrinsic brain activity patterns in patients with subcortical ischemic vascular dementia.
The role of the striatum in effort-based decision-making in the absence of reward.
Hippocampal binding of novel information with dominant memory traces can support both memory stability and change.
Reduced Neural Differentiation Between Feedback Conditions After Bimanual Coordination Training with and without Augmented Visual Feedback.
Increased BOLD signal in the fusiform gyrus during implicit emotion processing in anorexia nervosa☆
Brain Volumetrics, Regional Cortical Thickness and Radiographic Findings in Adults with Cyanotic Congenital Heart Disease☆
Widespread brain dysconnectivity associated with psychotic-like experiences in the general population☆
Functional neuro-anatomy of egocentric versus allocentric space representation.
The physiology of motor delusions in anosognosia for hemiplegia: Implications for current models of motor awareness
Contextual and Perceptual Brain Processes Underlying Moral Cognition: A Quantitative Meta-Analysis of Moral Reasoning and Moral Emotions
Neural correlates of receiving an apology and active forgiveness: an FMRI study.
Contrasting prefrontal cortex contributions to episodic memory dysfunction in behavioural variant frontotemporal dementia and Alzheimer's disease.
The default mode network and EEG regional spectral power: a simultaneous fMRI-EEG study.
An increase in tobacco craving is associated with enhanced medial prefrontal cortex network coupling.
Increased activation in Broca's area after cognitive remediation in schizophrenia.
Dyslexia in a French-Spanish bilingual girl: behavioural and neural modulations following a visual attention span intervention.
Vertex-based morphometry in euthymic bipolar disorder implicates striatal regions involved in psychomotor function.
Re-wiring the brain: Increased functional connectivity within primary somatosensory cortex following synchronous co-activation.
Differential effects of acute stress on anticipatory and consummatory phases of reward processing
Pupil diameter covaries with BOLD activity in human locus coeruleus.
Intranetwork and internetwork functional connectivity abnormalities in pediatric multiple sclerosis.
Neural correlates of substance abuse: Reduced functional connectivity between areas underlying reward and cognitive control.
Visual imagery while reading concrete and abstract Japanese kanji words: An fMRI study
The effects of caffeine ingestion on cortical areas: Functional imaging study
A cross-sectional and longitudinal analysis of reward-related brain activation: effects of age, pubertal stage, and reward sensitivity.
Differential representation of feedback and decision in adolescents and adults.
Dissociable and common effects of methylphenidate, atomoxetine and citalopram on response inhibition neural networks.
The activation of theory of mind network differentiates between point-to-self and point-to-other verbal jokes: an fMRI study.
Estimating brain network activity through back-projection of ICA components to GLM maps.
Altered regional homogeneity and efficient response inhibition in restrained eaters
Brain responses to altered auditory feedback during musical keyboard production: an fMRI study.
Lag-based effective connectivity applied to fMRI: a simulation study highlighting dependence on experimental parameters and formulation.
Spatially Explicit Estimates of Prey Consumption Reveal a New Krill Predator in the Southern Ocean
Regional homogeneity changes in hemodialysis patients with end stage renal disease: in vivo resting-state functional MRI study.
Memory Networks in Tinnitus: A Functional Brain Image Study
Emotion regulation in social anxiety disorder: behavioral and neural responses to three socio-emotional tasks
Multivariate analysis of correlation between electrophysiological and hemodynamic responses during cognitive processing.
Mentalizing and the Role of the Posterior Superior Temporal Sulcus in Sharing Others' Embarrassment.
Relationship Between Cortical Thickness and Functional Activation in the Early Blind
Flexibility and Stability in Sensory Processing Revealed Using Visual-to-Auditory Sensory Substitution.
Fusion analysis of functional MRI data for classification of individuals based on patterns of activation.
The anterior temporal lobes support residual comprehension in Wernicke’s aphasia
Inferring a dual-stream model of mentalizing from associative white matter fibres disconnection.
Different Hemispheric Roles in Recognition of Happy Expressions
Behavioral and neural correlates of imagined walking and walking-while-talking in the elderly.
Prognostic value of changes in resting-state functional connectivity patterns in cognitive recovery after stroke: A 3T fMRI pilot study.
Right anterior temporal lobe dysfunction underlies theory of mind impairments in semantic dementia.
Structure of plasticity in human sensory and motor networks due to perceptual learning.
Dosage effects of BDNF Val66Met polymorphism on cortical surface area and functional connectivity.
Time-course of cortical networks involved in working memory
Using Structural Neuroimaging to Make Quantitative Predictions of Symptom Progression in Individuals at Ultra-High Risk for Psychosis
Real-time FMRI neurofeedback training of amygdala activity in patients with major depressive disorder.
Why the processing of repeated targets are better than that of no repetition: evidence from easy-to-difficult and difficult-to-easy switching situations
How are things adding up? Neural differences between arithmetic operations are due to general problem solving strategies.
Valence-specific conflict moderation in the dorso-medial PFC and the caudate head in emotional speech.
Data-driven analysis of functional brain interactions during free listening to music and speech.
Sustained brain activation supporting stop-signal task performance.
White matter abnormalities in adolescents with generalized anxiety disorder: a diffusion tensor imaging study
Converging genetic and functional brain imaging evidence links neuronal excitability to working memory, psychiatric disease, and brain activity.
Dissociable neural systems for moral judgment of anti- and pro-social lying.
Neural mechanisms underlying cognitive control of men with lifelong antisocial behavior.
Unfamiliar Walking Movements Are Detected Early in the Visual Stream: An fMRI Study.
The neural correlates of worry in association with individual differences in neuroticism.
Short-term meditation modulates brain activity of insight evoked with solution cue.
Thinning of the lateral prefrontal cortex during adolescence predicts emotion regulation in females.
Emotional arousal amplifies the effects of biased competition in the brain.
Peripheral Inflammation Acutely Impairs Human Spatial Memory via Actions on Medial Temporal Lobe Glucose Metabolism
Amygdala-cingulate intrinsic connectivity is associated with degree of social inhibition.
Advantages of sentence-level fMRI language tasks in presurgical language mapping for temporal lobe epilepsy
Kids, candy, brain and behavior: age differences in responses to candy gains and losses.
Deeper insights into semantic relations: an fMRI study of part-whole and functional associations.
Adolescent-specific patterns of behavior and neural activity during social reinforcement learning.
Human hippocampal processing of environmental novelty during spatial navigation
The effect of mild-to-moderate hearing loss on auditory and emotion processing networks.
Development of brain mechanisms for processing affective touch.
Theta band activity in response to emotional expressions and its relationship with gamma band activity as revealed by MEG and advanced beamformer source imaging
Neural correlates of intentional and stimulus-driven inhibition: a comparison.
Do You Know What I Mean? Brain Oscillations and the Understanding of Communicative Intentions
The impact of age on load-related dorsolateral prefrontal cortex activation
Implicit structured sequence learning: an fMRI study of the structural mere-exposure effect
Local Anesthesia at ST36 to Reveal Responding Brain Areas to deqi
Relationship between Personality and Gray Matter Volume in Healthy Young Adults: A Voxel-Based Morphometric Study
Fast dynamics of cortical functional and effective connectivity during word reading.
Reduced frontal activity during response inhibition in individuals with psychopathic traits: an sLORETA study.
The cognitive and neurobiological effects of daily stress in adolescents.
Generalized role for the cerebellum in encoding internal models: evidence from semantic processing.
A single-trial estimation of the feedback-related negativity and its relation to BOLD responses in a time-estimation task.
Neural Mechanisms Underlying Visual Short-Term Memory Gain for Temporally Distinct Objects.
Functional connectivity alternation of the thalamus in restless legs syndrome patients during the asymptomatic period: a resting-state connectivity study using functional magnetic resonance imaging
The neuroanatomy of pure apraxia of speech in stroke.
Increased neural activity during overt and continuous semantic verbal fluency in major depression: mainly a failure to deactivate.
Altered Cognitive Control Activations after Moderate-to-Severe Traumatic Brain Injury and Their Relationship to Injury Severity and Everyday-Life Function.
Neural Correlates of Subliminal Language Processing.
pY RNA1-s2: A Highly Retina-Enriched Small RNA That Selectively Binds to Matrin 3 (Matr3)
Masking level differences--a diffusion tensor imaging and functional MRI study.
Alcohol-Induced Impairment of Inhibitory Control Is Linked to Attenuated Brain Responses in Right Fronto-Temporal Cortex.
Multisensory convergence of visual and haptic object preference across development.
Brain, body, and cognition: Neural, physiological and self-report correlates of phobic and normative fear.
Semantic memory: distinct neural representations for abstractness and valence.
Space, time, and causality in the human brain.
Individual differences in regional prefrontal gray matter morphometry and fractional anisotropy are associated with different constructs of executive function.
Motor function deficits in schizophrenia: an fMRI and VBM study
Variety in emotional life: within-category typicality of emotional experiences is associated with neural activity in large-scale brain networks.
Predication drives verb cortical signatures.
The moon illusion and size-distance scaling--evidence for shared neural patterns.
The neural coding of feedback learning across child and adolescent development.
The role of right prefrontal and medial cortex in response inhibition: interfering with action restraint and action cancellation using transcranial magnetic brain stimulation.
Ventral striatum and the evaluation of memory retrieval strategies.
Brain mechanisms of successful recognition through retrieval of semantic context.
Activity in the nucleus accumbens and amygdala underlies individual differences in prosocial and individualistic economic choices.
Dysconnectivity of neurocognitive networks at rest in very-preterm born adults☆
Altered functional connectivity of the language network in ASD: Role of classical language areas and cerebellum☆
Disrupted working memory circuitry and psychotic symptoms in 22q11.2 deletion syndrome☆
Exploring the roles of spectral detail and intonation contour in speech intelligibility: an FMRI study.
Unraveling Brain Functional Connectivity of encoding and retrieval in the context of education.
Altered baseline brain activity in children with bipolar disorder during mania state: a resting-state study
Age differences in medial prefrontal activity for subsequent memory of truth value
Resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging: the impact of regression analysis.
Motivational tuning of fronto-subthalamic connectivity facilitates control of action impulses.
Anterior cingulate cortex instigates adaptive switches in choice by integrating immediate and delayed components of value in ventromedial prefrontal cortex.
fMRI correlates of object-based attentional facilitation vs. suppression of irrelevant stimuli, dependent on global grouping and endogenous cueing
Voluntary Out-of-Body Experience: An fMRI Study.
Lifespan Differences in Cortico-Striatal Resting State Connectivity
Testosterone Rapidly Increases Neural Reactivity to Threat in Healthy Men: A Novel Two-Step Pharmacological Challenge Paradigm.
An ER-fMRI study of Russian inflectional morphology.
White matter development and early cognition in babies and toddlers.
Impacts of PICALM and CLU variants associated with Alzheimer's disease on the functional connectivity of the hippocampus in healthy young adults.
Hippocampal Sclerosis Affects fMR-Adaptation of Lyrics and Melodies in Songs
Cortico-Amygdala Coupling as a Marker of Early Relapse Risk in Cocaine-Addicted Individuals
Revealing spatio-spectral electroencephalographic dynamics of musical mode and tempo perception by independent component analysis
Pseudo-continuous arterial spin labeling MRI study of schizophrenic patients.
Neural activation during response inhibition in adult attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder: preliminary findings on the effects of medication and symptom severity.
Ex vivo T2 relaxation: associations with age-related neuropathology and cognition.
But do you think I'm cool? Developmental differences in striatal recruitment during direct and reflected social self-evaluations.
Differential associations between impulsivity and risk-taking and brain activations underlying working memory in adolescents
Differences between musicians and non-musicians in neuro-affective processing of sadness and fear expressed in music.
Bayesian model selection of template forward models for EEG source reconstruction.
The cognitive and neural time course of empathy and sympathy: An electrical neuroimaging study on self–other interaction
Glucose-induced inhibition of the appetitive brain response to visual food cues in polycystic ovary syndrome patients
Seeing Jesus in toast: neural and behavioral correlates of face pareidolia.
The neural basis of the bystander effect--the influence of group size on neural activity when witnessing an emergency.
A multivariate distance-based analytic framework for connectome-wide association studies.
Developmental changes in brain activation involved in the production of novel speech sounds in children.
Neural substrates of interactive musical improvisation: an FMRI study of 'trading fours' in jazz.
Abnormal striatal BOLD responses to reward anticipation and reward delivery in ADHD.
Altered spontaneous brain activity in primary open angle glaucoma: a resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Logopenic and nonfluent variants of primary progressive aphasia are differentiated by acoustic measures of speech production.
A functional imaging study of self-regulatory capacities in persons who stutter.
Activation of the prefrontal cortex in a nonspatial working memory task with functional MRI.
Categorical encoding of color in the brain.
Neural correlates of body and face perception following bilateral destruction of the primary visual cortices
Adolescents’ risky decision-making activates neural networks related to social cognition and cognitive control processes
Comparing neural substrates of emotional vs. non-emotional conflict modulation by global control context.
The experience of mathematical beauty and its neural correlates.
The neural basis of maternal bonding.
Bilingual speech-in-noise: Neural bases of semantic context use in the native language.
Structural brain alterations in patients with lumbar disc herniation: a preliminary study.
Neural activity associated with enhanced facial attractiveness by cosmetics use.
Changes in low-frequency fluctuations in patients with antisocial personality disorder revealed by resting-state functional MRI.
Neural basis of three dimensions of agitated behaviors in patients with Alzheimer disease
The effect of age on neural processing of pleasant soft touch stimuli.
Voxelwise meta-analysis of gray matter anomalies in progressive supranuclear palsy and Parkinson's disease using anatomic likelihood estimation
Sensitivity of fNIRS to cognitive state and load.
Reduced Intrinsic Connectivity of Amygdala in Adults with Major Depressive Disorder
Interaction between early life stress and alcohol dependence on neural stress reactivity.
Neural correlates of 'distracting' from emotion during autobiographical recollection.
Brain structure links trait creativity to openness to experience.
Bad and worse: neural systems underlying reappraisal of high- and low-intensity negative emotions.
Acupuncture Modulates Resting State Hippocampal Functional Connectivity in Alzheimer Disease
Distinct parietal sites mediate the influences of mood, arousal, and their interaction on human recognition memory.
Psychopathic traits modulate brain responses to drug cues in incarcerated offenders
Differential Contribution of Bilateral Supplementary Motor Area to the Effective Connectivity Networks Induced by Task Conditions Using Dynamic Causal Modeling
Does degree of handedness in a group of right-handed individuals affect language comprehension?
Neural division of labor in reading is constrained by culture: a training study of reading Chinese characters.
Brain activity and functional coupling changes associated with self-reference effect during both encoding and retrieval.
Comprehending Body Language and Mimics: An ERP and Neuroimaging Study on Italian Actors and Viewers
Overlapping neural systems represent cognitive effort and reward anticipation.
Abnormal Default-Mode Network Homogeneity in First-Episode, Drug-Naive Major Depressive Disorder
What Makes the Muscle Twitch: Motor System Connectivity and TMS-Induced Activity.
Diffusion imaging of cerebral white matter in persons who stutter: evidence for network-level anomalies
It's how you get there: walking down a virtual alley activates premotor and parietal areas
Supraspinal characterization of the thermal grill illusion with fMRI
Genetic variation in CACNA1C affects neural processing in major depression
Genetic interaction of PICALM and APOE is associated with brain atrophy and cognitive impairment in Alzheimer's disease
Altered causal connectivity of resting state brain networks in amnesic MCI.
The sum of its parts--effects of gastric distention, nutrient content and sensory stimulation on brain activation.
Neural representations of the self and the mother for Chinese individuals.
RT distributional analysis of cognitive-control-related brain activity in first-episode schizophrenia.
The relationship between task-related and subsequent memory effects.
Genetic modifiers of cognitive maintenance among older adults
Photic memory for executive brain responses.
Touching moments: desire modulates the neural anticipation of active romantic caress.
Using quantitative and analytic EEG methods in the understanding of connectivity in autism spectrum disorders: a theory of mixed over- and under-connectivity
Kinesthetic and vestibular information modulate alpha activity during spatial navigation: a mobile EEG study
Nondirective meditation activates default mode network and areas associated with memory retrieval and emotional processing.
Differential Effects of Single-Dose Escitalopram on Cognitive and Affective Interference during Stroop Task
White Matter Damage Disorganizes Brain Functional Networks in Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment
Successful contextual integration of loose mental associations as evidenced by emotional conflict-processing.
Abnormal neural processing during emotional salience attribution of affective asymmetry in patients with schizophrenia.
Water diffusion reveals networks that modulate multiregional morphological plasticity after repetitive brain stimulation.
Brain activity of adolescents with high functioning autism in response to emotional words and facial emoticons.
Neural correlates of cognitive and affective processing in maltreated youth with posttraumatic stress symptoms: does gender matter?
Cardiopulmonary Fitness Correlates with Regional Cerebral Grey Matter Perfusion and Density in Men with Coronary Artery Disease
Regional gray matter volume and anxiety-related traits interact to predict somatic complaints in a non-clinical sample.
Persistent Infection by HSV-1 Is Associated With Changes in Functional Architecture of iPSC-Derived Neurons and Brain Activation Patterns Underlying Working Memory Performance
Enhanced medial prefrontal-default mode network functional connectivity in chronic pain and its association with pain rumination.
The time course of task-specific memory consolidation effects in resting state networks.
Stimulus familiarity modulates functional connectivity of the perirhinal cortex and anterior hippocampus during visual discrimination of faces and objects
The neural correlates of age effects on verbal-spatial binding in working memory.
Functional and effective connectivity of stopping
Deconvolution of neural dynamics from fMRI data using a spatiotemporal hemodynamic response function.
Modelling psychiatric and cultural possession phenomena with suggestion and fMRI.
Delineating the cortico-striatal-cerebellar network in implicit motor sequence learning.
Common neural substrates for ordinal representation in short-term memory, numerical and alphabetical cognition.
Effects of Carpal Tunnel Syndrome on Reach-to-Pinch Performance
Neural correlates of attributing causes to the self, another person and the situation.
Long-Term Effects of Cannabis on Brain Structure
Effective connectivity associated with auditory error detection in musicians with absolute pitch
Play it again, Sam: brain correlates of emotional music recognition
Contribution of the posterior parietal cortex in reaching, grasping, and using objects and tools
Neuroprotective effects of testosterone treatment in men with multiple sclerosis.
Neural bases of Theory of Mind in children with autism spectrum disorders and children with conduct problems and callous-unemotional traits
Dissecting hemisphere-specific contributions to visual spatial imagery using parametric brain mapping.
A novel approach of groupwise fMRI-guided tractography allowing to characterize the clinical evolution of Alzheimer's disease.
Modulating intrinsic connectivity: adjacent subregions within supplementary motor cortex, dorsolateral prefrontal cortex, and parietal cortex connect to separate functional networks during task and al
Heschl's gyrification pattern is related to speech-listening hemispheric lateralization: FMRI investigation in 281 healthy volunteers.
Altered neural function during episodic memory encoding and retrieval in major depression.
Neural substrates of numerosity estimation in autism.
Brain systems mediating voice identity processing in blind humans.
The Effects of Methylphenidate on Cognitive Control in Active Methamphetamine Dependence Using Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging
Neural effects of mental fatigue caused by continuous attention load: a magnetoencephalography study.
Developmental improvements in voluntary control of behavior: Effect of preparation in the fronto-parietal network?
Brain activity is related to individual differences in the number of items stored in auditory short-term memory for pitch: Evidence from magnetoencephalography
Altered intrinsic functional connectivity of the salience network in childhood absence epilepsy.
Organizing heterogeneous samples using community detection of GIMME-derived resting state functional networks.
Neural mechanisms of time-based prospective memory: evidence for transient monitoring.
Green tea extract enhances parieto-frontal connectivity during working memory processing.
Neural activation associated with the cognitive emotion regulation of sadness in healthy children.
Uncovering the neural mechanisms underlying learning from tests.
Classification of cirrhotic patients with or without minimal hepatic encephalopathy and healthy subjects using resting-state attention-related network analysis.
Localizing evoked cortical activity associated with balance reactions: does the anterior cingulate play a role?
Neural correlates of rate-dependent finger-tapping in Parkinson's disease.
Neural Correlates of Personal Space Intrusion
The Good, the bad, and the just: justice sensitivity predicts neural response during moral evaluation of actions performed by others.
Memory reactivation in healthy aging: evidence of stimulus-specific dedifferentiation.
Neural control of vascular reactions: impact of emotion and attention.
Intra- and inter-hemispheric effective connectivity in the human somatosensory cortex during pressure stimulation
Neural substrates of the development of cognitive control in children ages 5-10 years.
The relationship between fasting serum glucose and cerebral glucose metabolism in late-life depression and normal aging
Functional selectivity in the human occipitotemporal cortex during natural vision: Evidence from combined intracranial EEG and eye-tracking
Overlapping representations for grip type and reach direction.
Are visual texture-selective areas recruited during haptic texture discrimination?
Altered BOLD response during inhibitory and error processing in adolescents with anorexia nervosa.
Acting on social exclusion: neural correlates of punishment and forgiveness of excluders.
Age differences in the default network at rest and the relation to self-referential processing
Temporal Lobe Epilepsy and Surgery Selectively Alter the Dorsal, Not the Ventral, Default-Mode Network
fMRI Cortical Correlates of Spontaneous Eye Blinks in the Nonhuman Primate.
Intrinsic Connectivity Identifies the Hippocampus as a Main Crossroad between Alzheimer’s and Semantic Dementia-Targeted Networks
Altered local activity and functional connectivity of the anterior cingulate cortex in elderly individuals with subthreshold depression.
Impulsivity, aggression and brain structure in high and low lethality suicide attempters with borderline personality disorder.
Early visual deprivation from congenital cataracts disrupts activity and functional connectivity in the face network.
The fate of the inner nose: Odor imagery in patients with olfactory loss
Cerebral blood flow-based evidence for mechanisms of low- versus high-frequency transcutaneous electric acupoint stimulation analgesia: A perfusion fMRI study in humans
Different association between intentionality competence and prefrontal volume in left- and right-handers.
Reduction of motion-related artifacts in resting state fMRI using aCompCor.
A perfusion fMRI investigation of thematic and categorical context effects in the spoken production of object names.
A high-resolution study of hippocampal and medial temporal lobe correlates of spatial context and prospective overlapping route memory.
Oxytocin facilitates the sensation of social stress.
Depicting the inner and outer nose: The representation of the nose and the nasal mucosa on the human primary somatosensory cortex (SI).
Decoding the individual finger movements from single-trial functional magnetic resonance imaging recordings of human brain activity.
Abnormal functional connectivity density in children with anisometropic amblyopia at resting-state.
Characterizing individual differences in functional connectivity using dual-regression and seed-based approaches.
Modular structure of functional networks in olfactory memory.
The development of human amygdala functional connectivity at rest from 4 to 23years: A cross-sectional study.
Prefrontal mechanisms in preference and non-preference-based judgments.
Multiple white matter volume reductions in patients with panic disorder: relationships between orbitofrontal Gyrus volume and symptom severity and social dysfunction.
Interplay Between Conceptual Expectations and Movement Predictions Underlies Action Understanding.
Using motor imagery to study the neural substrates of dynamic balance.
Reach out and touch someone: anticipatory sensorimotor processes of active interpersonal touch.
Set-relevance determines the impact of distractors on episodic memory retrieval.
Distinct neural specializations for learning to read words and name objects.
The effect of acupuncture needle combination on central pain processing-an fMRI study
Females and Males Rely on Different Cortical Regions in Raven’s Matrices Reasoning Capacity: Evidence from a Voxel-Based Morphometry Study
Distinct regions of anterior cingulate cortex signal prediction and outcome evaluation.
Neural repetition suppression in ventral occipito-temporal cortex occurs during conscious and unconscious processing of frequent stimuli
Contradictory reasoning network: an EEG and FMRI study.
Platelet serotonin transporter function predicts default-mode network activity.
The face of negative affect: trial-by-trial corrugator responses to negative pictures are positively associated with amygdala and negatively associated with ventromedial prefrontal cortex activity.
Structural and functional cerebral correlates of hypnotic suggestibility.
Task-dependent decoding of speaker and vowel identity from auditory cortical response patterns.
Integrative moral judgment: dissociating the roles of the amygdala and ventromedial prefrontal cortex.
Structural Hippocampal Anomalies in a Schizophrenia Population Correlate with Navigation Performance on a Wayfinding Task
Neuroimaging explanations of age-related differences in task performance
A little more conversation – the influence of communicative context on syntactic priming in brain and behavior
Between thought and expression, a magnetoencephalography study of the "tip-of-the-tongue" phenomenon.
Ventromedial Prefrontal Cortex Is Critical for the Regulation of Amygdala Activity in Humans.
A Partial Least Squares Analysis of the self reference effect in Alzheimer's disease: A reply to Irish
Altered default mode and fronto-parietal network subsystems in patients with schizophrenia and their unaffected siblings.
Involvement of the human medial temporal lobe in a visual discrimination task.
The functional oculomotor network and saccadic cognitive control in healthy elders.
Interplay between functional connectivity and scale-free dynamics in intrinsic fMRI networks.
The When and Where of Working Memory Dysfunction in Early-Onset Schizophrenia--A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study.
Artificial Language Training Reveals the Neural Substrates Underlying Addressed and Assembled Phonologies
The Common Traits of the ACC and PFC in Anxiety Disorders in the DSM-5: Meta-Analysis of Voxel-Based Morphometry Studies
Reversed hierarchy in the brain for general and specific cognitive abilities: a morphometric analysis.
Neuroimaging correlates of handwriting quality as children learn to read and write
Effect of articulatory rehabilitation after oral cancer surgery on higher brain activation
Spatial variability of functional brain networks in early-blind and sighted subjects.
Age-related changes in prefrontal activity during walking in dual-task situations: A fNIRS study
The neural changes in connectivity of the voice network during voice pitch perturbation.
The impact of stimulus valence and emotion regulation on sustained brain activation: task-rest switching in emotion.
Expertise Effects in Face-Selective Areas are Robust to Clutter and Diverted Attention, but not to Competition
Modafinil augments brain activation associated with reward anticipation in the nucleus accumbens.
Value-based modulation of memory encoding involves strategic engagement of fronto-temporal semantic processing regions.
White matter integrity is associated with alcohol cue reactivity in heavy drinkers.
Neural differences in processing of case particles in Japanese: an fMRI study.
Neural substrates of socioemotional self-awareness in neurodegenerative disease.
Brain microstructural changes and cognitive correlates in patients with pure obsessive compulsive disorder
Deep Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation in a Woman With Chronic Tinnitus: Clinical and fMRI Findings. Seeking Relief From a Symptom and Finding Vivid Memories by Serendipity
A schizophrenia risk gene, ZNF804A, is associated with brain white matter microstructure.
Mapping glucose-mediated gut-to-brain signalling pathways in humans.
Non-invasive MRI measurements of venous oxygenation, oxygen extraction fraction and oxygen consumption in neonates.
The structure of the geriatric depressed brain and response to electroconvulsive therapy.
Neural underpinnings for model-oriented therapy of aphasic word production.
Differential hippocampal and retrosplenial involvement in egocentric-updating, rotation, and allocentric processing during online spatial encoding: an fMRI study.
Topological organization of the "small-world" visual attention network in children with attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).
Intrinsic Brain Activity of Cognitively Normal Older Persons Resembles More That of Patients Both with and at Risk for Alzheimer's Disease Than That of Healthy Younger Persons
Drawing on the right side of the brain: a voxel-based morphometry analysis of observational drawing.
The effect of word imagery on priming effect under a preconscious condition: An fMRI study.
Distinct fine-scale fMRI activation patterns of contra- and ipsilateral somatosensory areas 3b and 1 in humans.
Creating Concepts from Converging Features in Human Cortex
Autologous Intravenous Mononuclear Stem Cell Therapy in Chronic Ischemic Stroke
Assessing facial attractiveness: individual decisions and evolutionary constraints
Distribution of tract deficits in schizophrenia
Differential role of temporoparietal junction and medial prefrontal cortex in causal inference in autism: An independent component analysis.
Object-specific semantic coding in human perirhinal cortex.
Cerebellar-parietal connections underpin phonological storage.
Nipping cue reactivity in the bud: baclofen prevents limbic activation elicited by subliminal drug cues.
Effector-independent motor sequence representations exist in extrinsic and intrinsic reference frames.
Loss of Microstructural Integrity in the Limbic-Subcortical Networks for Acute Symptomatic Traumatic Brain Injury
Ventral frontal satiation-mediated responses to food aromas in obese and normal-weight women
A new window to understanding individual differences in reward sensitivity from attentional networks.
Visual system integrity and cognition in early Huntington's disease.
The neural signature of escalating frustration in humans.
Processing demands upon cognitive, linguistic, and articulatory functions promote grey matter plasticity in the adult multilingual brain: Insights from simultaneous interpreters.
Disruptions in brain networks of older fallers are associated with subsequent cognitive decline: a 12-month prospective exploratory study.
Widespread Hypermetabolism in Symptomatic and Asymptomatic Episodes in Kleine-Levin Syndrome
Movement-related neuromagnetic fields in preschool age children.
Dissociating the Neural Correlates of Experiencing and Imagining Affective Touch
Reflections of Oneself: Neurocognitive Evidence for Dissociable Forms of Self-Referential Recollection.
Recognizing the authenticity of emotional expressions: F0 contour matters when you need to know.
Functional MRI Study of Working Memory Impairment in Patients with Symptomatic Carotid Artery Disease
Functional Integration Between Brain Regions at Rest Occurs in Multiple-Frequency Bands
The cortex-based alignment approach to TMS coil positioning.
The neural basis of involuntary episodic memories.
Neural hyperactivity related to working memory in drug-naive boys with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder
Neural correlates of viewing paintings: evidence from a quantitative meta-analysis of functional magnetic resonance imaging data.
Classifying the wandering mind: Revealing the affective content of thoughts during task-free rest periods.
Spatially distributed effects of mental exhaustion on resting-state FMRI networks.
Task-Induced Brain Activity Patterns in Type 2 Diabetes: A Potential Biomarker for Cognitive Decline
Encoding and retrieval of landmark-related spatial cues during navigation: an fMRI study.
Pattern of cerebral hyperperfusion in Alzheimer’s disease and amnestic mild cognitive impairment using voxel-based analysis of 3D arterial spin-labeling imaging: initial experience
Decision-making after continuous wins or losses in a randomized guessing task: implications for how the prior selection results affect subsequent decision-making
Frontoparietal function in young people with dysthymic disorder (DSM-5: Persistent depressive disorder) during spatial working memory.
Adaptive ability to cope with atypical or novel situations involving tool use: An fMRI approach
Meta-analysis of functional neuroimaging studies indicates that an increase of cognitive difficulty during executive tasks engages brain regions associated with time perception.
Neuronal correlates of three attentional strategies during affective picture processing: an fMRI study.
Parietal plasticity after training with a complex video game is associated with individual differences in improvements in an untrained working memory task.
The neural correlates of agrammatism: Evidence from aphasic and healthy speakers performing an overt picture description task
Dispositional cognitive reappraisal modulates the neural correlates of fear acquisition and extinction
Regional increases of cortical thickness in untreated, first-episode major depressive disorder
Mindfulness-based training attenuates insula response to an aversive interoceptive challenge.
Cerebral activations related to audition-driven performance imagery in professional musicians.
Altered network topologies and hub organization in adults with autism: a resting-state FMRI study.
Written distractor words influence brain activity during overt picture naming.
The common and distinct neural bases of affect labeling and reappraisal in healthy adults
Brain activity changes in cognitive networks in relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis - insights from a longitudinal FMRI study.
P300 amplitude variation is related to ventral striatum BOLD response during gain and loss anticipation: An EEG and fMRI experiment.
Does Human Body Odor Represent a Significant and Rewarding Social Signal to Individuals High in Social Openness?
Effect of motor imagery in children with unilateral cerebral palsy: FMRI study.
A reliability study on brain activation during active and passive arm movements supported by an MRI-compatible robot.
Unilateral deafness in children affects development of multi-modal modulation and default mode networks.
Enhanced peripheral visual processing in congenitally deaf humans is supported by multiple brain regions, including primary auditory cortex.
Diffusion Tensor Imaging Studies on Chinese Patients with Social Anxiety Disorder
Reading difficulty is associated with failure to lateralize temporooccipital function.
Phonological markers of information structure: An fMRI study.
Reduced self-referential neural response during intergroup competition predicts competitor harm.
A large scale (N=102) functional neuroimaging study of error processing in a Go/NoGo task.
Nouns, verbs, objects, actions, and abstractions: Local fMRI activity indexes semantics, not lexical categories
Sustained attention to spontaneous thumb sensations activates brain somatosensory and other proprioceptive areas.
The spectral diversity of resting-state fluctuations in the human brain.
The reorganization of motor network in hemidystonia from the perspective of deep brain stimulation.
Verum and sham acupuncture exert distinct cerebral activation in pain processing areas: a crossover fMRI investigation in healthy volunteers.
A pilot study linking reduced fronto-striatal recruitment during reward processing to persistent bingeing following treatment for binge-eating disorder
The Richness of Task-Evoked Hemodynamic Responses Defines a Pseudohierarchy of Functionally Meaningful Brain Networks
The neural signature of satiation is associated with ghrelin response and triglyceride metabolism
Structural brain abnormalities in patients with Parkinson’s disease with visual hallucinations: A comparative voxel-based analysis
Self processing in the brain: A paradigmatic fMRI case study with a professional singer.
Expert athletes activate somatosensory and motor planning regions of the brain when passively listening to familiar sports sounds.
The clinical utility of fMRI for identifying covert awareness in the vegetative state: a comparison of sensitivity between 3T and 1.5T.
Acupuncture Modulates the Functional Connectivity of the Default Mode Network in Stroke Patients
Insulin resistance and gray matter volume in neurodegenerative disease
Differential neural control in early bilinguals and monolinguals during response inhibition.
Whole brain, high resolution multiband spin-echo EPI fMRI at 7T: A comparison with gradient-echo EPI using a color-word Stroop task.
Resting state functional connectivity of the basal nucleus of Meynert in humans: In comparison to the ventral striatum and the effects of age.
Early life trauma and directional brain connectivity within major depression.
Fear Processing in Dental Phobia during Crossmodal Symptom Provocation: An fMRI Study
Abnormal Early Gamma Responses to Emotional Faces Differentiate Unipolar from Bipolar Disorder Patients
Effects of Insulin Detemir and NPH Insulin on Body Weight and Appetite-Regulating Brain Regions in Human Type 1 Diabetes: A Randomized Controlled Trial.
Alterations in amplitude of low frequency fluctuation in treatment-naive major depressive disorder measured with resting-state fMRI.
Cannabis use is quantitatively associated with nucleus accumbens and amygdala abnormalities in young adult recreational users.
Neural mechanisms of gain-loss asymmetry in temporal discounting.
Judgment in Older Adults with Normal Cognition, Cognitive Complaints, MCI, and Mild AD: Relation to Regional Frontal Gray Matter
All competition is not alike: neural mechanisms for resolving underdetermined and prepotent competition.
The control of automatic imitation based on bottom-up and top-down cues to animacy: insights from brain and behavior.
Neural correlates of moral judgments in first- and third-person perspectives: implications for neuroethics and beyond
Development of Impulse Control Circuitry in Children of Alcoholics.
To like or not to like: Neural substrates of subjective flavor preferences.
Language Universals Engage Broca's Area.
Altered hypothalamic functional connectivity with autonomic circuits and the locus coeruleus in migraine.
Effects of load and maintenance duration on the time course of information encoding and retrieval in working memory: from perceptual analysis to post-categorization processes
EEG-informed fMRI analysis during a hand grip task: estimating the relationship between EEG rhythms and the BOLD signal.
Changes in resting functional connectivity during abstinence in stimulant use disorder: a preliminary comparison of relapsers and abstainers.
Semantic relation vs. surprise: The differential effects of related and unrelated co-verbal gestures on neural encoding and subsequent recognition.
Gender differences in brain activity and the relationship between brain activity and differences in prevalence rates between male and female major depressive disorder patients: A resting-state fMRI s
Abnormal dynamics of activation of object use information in apraxia: evidence from eyetracking
Discovering the structure of mathematical problem solving.
Framing deductive reasoning with emotional content: An fMRI study.
Optimizing full-brain coverage in human brain MRI through population distributions of brain size.
Secondary Progressive and Relapsing Remitting Multiple Sclerosis Leads to Motor-Related Decreased Anatomical Connectivity
Activation of frontoparietal attention networks by non-predictive gaze and arrow cues.
Do not think about pain: Neural correlates of attention guiding during visual symptom provocation in dental phobia-An fMRI study.
Are you gonna leave me? Separation anxiety is associated with increased amygdala responsiveness and volume.
Neurocircuitry underlying risk and resilience to social anxiety disorder
TRANSDIAGNOSTIC DIMENSIONS OF ANXIETY AND DEPRESSION MODERATE MOTIVATION-RELATED BRAIN NETWORKS DURING GOAL MAINTENANCE
Hippocampal control of repetition effects for associative stimuli.
Functional lateralization of the anterior insula during feedback processing.
Increased amygdala and visual cortex activity and functional connectivity towards stimulus novelty is associated with state anxiety.
Cortisol administration increases hippocampal activation to infant crying in males depending on childhood neglect.
Meta-analytically informed network analysis of resting state FMRI reveals hyperconnectivity in an introspective socio-affective network in depression.
Influence of Anodal Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) over the Right Angular Gyrus on Brain Activity during Rest.
Alexithymia influences brain activation during emotion perception but not regulation.
Brain morphology in children with epilepsy and ADHD.
Left and right amygdala - mediofrontal cortical functional connectivity is differentially modulated by harm avoidance.
Brain activation of the defensive and appetitive survival systems in obsessive compulsive disorder.
Facial color processing in the face-selective regions: An fMRI study.
Developmental changes in the organization of functional connections between the basal ganglia and cerebral cortex.
Hyper-reactive human ventral tegmental area and aberrant mesocorticolimbic connectivity in overgeneralization of fear in generalized anxiety disorder.
Valence-Specific Effects of BDNF Val66Met Polymorphism on Dopaminergic Stress and Reward Processing in Humans.
Source-reconstruction of event-related fields reveals hyperfunction and hypofunction of cortical circuits in antipsychotic-naive, first-episode schizophrenia patients during Mooney face processing.
Acupuncture Evoked Response in Contralateral Somatosensory Cortex Reflects Peripheral Nerve Pathology of Carpal Tunnel Syndrome
The Effects of Dietary Caffeine Use and Abstention on Blood Oxygen Level-Dependent Activation and Cerebral Blood Flow
Conceptualizing neuropsychiatric diseases with multimodal data-driven meta-analyses – The case of behavioral variant frontotemporal dementia
Stimulus-Response Mappings Shape Inhibition Processes: A Combined EEG-fMRI Study of Contextual Stopping.
Opposing neural effects of naltrexone on food reward and aversion: implications for the treatment of obesity.
Short-term plasticity of visuo-haptic object recognition
Longitudinal assessment of default-mode brain function in aging.
Working Memory in Schizophrenia: Behavioral and Neural Evidence for Reduced Susceptibility to Item-Specific Proactive Interference.
The use of fMRI to detect neural responses to cognitive interference and planning: Evidence for a contribution of task related changes in heart rate?
Neural dynamics necessary and sufficient for transition into pre-sleep induced by EEG NeuroFeedback.
Alterations of the emotional processing system may underlie preserved rapid reaction time in tinnitus.
Altered structure and function in the hippocampus and medial prefrontal cortex in patients with burning mouth syndrome
Grey matter reduction associated with posttraumatic stress disorder and traumatic stress.
Neural Mechanism for Mirrored Self-face Recognition.
Cerebral, subcortical, and cerebellar activation evoked by selective stimulation of muscle and cutaneous afferents: an fMRI study
Cultural influences on social feedback processing of character traits.
Hypothalamus-Anchored Resting Brain Network Changes before and after Sertraline Treatment in Major Depression
Critical brain regions for tool-related and imitative actions: a componential analysis.
Weak ventral striatal responses to monetary outcomes predict an unwillingness to resist cigarette smoking.
Resting state functional connectivity in early blind humans
Compromised frontocerebellar circuitry contributes to nonplanning impulsivity in recovering alcoholics.
A Comparison of Supervised Machine Learning Algorithms and Feature Vectors for MS Lesion Segmentation Using Multimodal Structural MRI.
Neural responses to emotional expression information in high- and low-spatial frequency in autism: evidence for a cortical dysfunction.
Do Manual and Voxel-Based Morphometry Measure the Same? A Proof of Concept Study
Age-related differences in neural recruitment during the use of cognitive reappraisal and selective attention as emotion regulation strategies
Exploration of scanning effects in multi-site structural MRI studies.
Clinical correlations of microstructural changes in progressive supranuclear palsy.
Relationship between Interleukin-6 Gene Polymorphism and Hippocampal Volume in Antipsychotic-Naïve Schizophrenia: Evidence for Differential Susceptibility?
Altered regional and circuit resting-state activity associated with unilateral hearing loss.
Frontal White Matter Alterations in Short-Term Medicated Panic Disorder Patients without Comorbid Conditions: A Diffusion Tensor Imaging Study.
Mapping Small-World Properties through Development in the Human Brain: Disruption in Schizophrenia.
The neural basis of event simulation: an FMRI study.
Feeling before knowing why: The role of the orbitofrontal cortex in intuitive judgments—an MEG study
Connecting to Create: Expertise in Musical Improvisation Is Associated with Increased Functional Connectivity between Premotor and Prefrontal Areas.
Local Activity Determines Functional Connectivity in the Resting Human Brain: A Simultaneous FDG-PET/fMRI Study.
Social equality in the number of choice options is represented in the ventromedial prefrontal cortex.
Changes in cerebral blood flow after cognitive behavior therapy in patients with panic disorder: a SPECT study
Bipolar and borderline patients display differential patterns of functional connectivity among resting state networks.
When Action Observation Facilitates Visual Perception: Activation in Visuo-Motor Areas Contributes to Object Recognition.
A Three-way Parallel ICA Approach to Analyze Links among Genetics, Brain Structure and Brain Function
Neural activation abnormalities during self-referential processing in schizophrenia: An fMRI study.
The neural correlates of emotion alignment in social interaction.
Fear across the senses: brain responses to music, vocalizations and facial expressions.
Pubertal testosterone influences threat-related amygdala-orbitofrontal cortex coupling.
Life stress in adolescence predicts early adult reward-related brain function and alcohol dependence.
The quality of adolescents' peer relationships modulates neural sensitivity to risk taking.
Brain activation during phonological and semantic processing of Chinese characters in deaf signers.
The effects of a single night of sleep deprivation on fluency and prefrontal cortex function during divergent thinking.
A cross-linguistic evaluation of script-specific effects on fMRI lateralization in late second language readers.
Distant functional connectivity for bimanual finger coordination declines with aging: an fMRI and SEM exploration.
Deficits during Voluntary Selection in Adult Patients with ADHD: New Insights from Single-Trial Coupling of Simultaneous EEG/fMRI
The left inferior parietal lobe represents stored hand-postures for object use and action prediction
Haloperidol blocks dorsal striatum activity but not analgesia in a placebo paradigm.
Adolescent risk-taking and resting state functional connectivity.
The pattern of brain gray matter impairments in patients with subcortical vascular dementia.
Metaphorical sentences are more emotionally engaging than their literal counterparts.
Functional reorganization of the visual dorsal stream as probed by 3-D visual coherence in Williams syndrome.
Feature diagnosticity affects representations of novel and familiar objects.
Aging Affects the Interaction between Attentional Control and Source Memory: An fMRI Study.
Functional and structural correlates of motor speed in the cerebellar anterior lobe.
Effects of oxycodone on brain responses to emotional images.
Reward anticipation in the adolescent and aging brain.
Modality effects in paced serial addition task: Differential responses to auditory and visual stimuli
You and your kin: Neural signatures of family-based group perception in the subgenual cortex
Shared vs. specific brain activation changes in dyslexia after training of phonology, attention, or reading.
Dissociable Self Effects for Emotion Regulation: A Study of Chinese Major Depressive Outpatients
Prefrontal response and frontostriatal functional connectivity to monetary reward in abstinent alcohol-dependent young adults.
Fear from the heart: sensitivity to fear stimuli depends on individual heartbeats.
Differential neural network configuration during human path integration
Instructions matter: a comparison of baseline conditions for cognitive emotion regulation paradigms
Processing word prosody—behavioral and neuroimaging evidence for heterogeneous performance in a language with variable stress
Volumetric Brain Morphometry Changes in Patients with Obstructive Sleep Apnea Syndrome: Effects of CPAP Treatment and Literature Review
Alteration of functional connectivity within visuospatial working memory-related brain network in patients with right temporal lobe epilepsy: A resting-state fMRI study
Dissociating contributions of ACC and vmPFC in reward prediction, outcome, and choice
How the win–lose balance situation affects subsequent decision-making: Functional magnetic resonance imaging evidence from a gambling task
Audio-visual synchrony modulates the ventriloquist illusion and its neural/spatial representation in the auditory cortex.
Language-general and -specific white matter microstructural bases for reading.
Neural correlates of the empathic perceptual processing of realistic social interaction scenarios displayed from a first-order perspective
The impact of task demand on visual word recognition
Individual differences in brain structure and resting-state functional connectivity associated with Type A behavior pattern
The anatomical foundations of acquired reading disorders: A neuropsychological verification of the dual-route model of reading
Altered Cerebral Blood Flow One Month after Systemic Chemotherapy for Breast Cancer: A Prospective Study Using Pulsed Arterial Spin Labeling MRI Perfusion
Amygdala perfusion is predicted by its functional connectivity with the ventromedial prefrontal cortex and negative affect.
Depressive symptoms and neuroanatomical structures in community-dwelling women: A combined voxel-based morphometry and diffusion tensor imaging study with tract-based spatial statistics
Altered resting-state functional connectivity in patients with chronic bilateral vestibular failure
Amygdala hyperactivation during symptom provocation in obsessive–compulsive disorder and its modulation by distraction
fMRI resting state networks and their association with cognitive fluctuations in dementia with Lewy bodies
Functional connectivity of neural motor networks is disrupted in children with developmental coordination disorder and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder
FMRI evidence for the involvement of the procedural memory system in morphological processing of a second language.
Hypoactivation in right inferior frontal cortex is specifically associated with motor response inhibition in adult ADHD.
DRD2/CHRNA5 Interaction on Prefrontal Biology and Physiology during Working Memory
Sticking with the nice guy: trait warmth information impairs learning and modulates person perception brain network activity.
Prolonged Repeated Acupuncture Stimulation Induces Habituation Effects in Pain-Related Brain Areas: An fMRI Study
Central pain processing in chronic chemotherapy-induced peripheral neuropathy: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Selective Changes of Resting-State Brain Oscillations in aMCI: An fMRI Study Using ALFF
Alterations in Low-Level Perceptual Networks Related to Clinical Severity in PTSD after an Earthquake: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Look at those two!: The precuneus role in unattended third-person perspective of social interactions.
Nonlinear complexity analysis of brain FMRI signals in schizophrenia.
A Correspondence between Individual Differences in the Brain's Intrinsic Functional Architecture and the Content and Form of Self-Generated Thoughts.
Classification of self-driven mental tasks from whole-brain activity patterns.
Human olfactory lateralization requires trigeminal activation
Dorsomedial striatum involvement in regulating conflict between current and presumed outcomes.
Imagining triadic interactions simultaneously activates mirror and mentalizing systems.
Human cortical areas involved in perception of surface glossiness.
Increased Functional Connectivity between Dorsal Posterior Parietal and Ventral Occipitotemporal Cortex during Uncertain Memory Decisions
The impact of age on prefrontal cortex integrity during spatial working memory retrieval.
Memory's aging echo: Age-related decline in neural reactivation of perceptual details during recollection.
Crossmodal Adaptation in Right Posterior Superior Temporal Sulcus during Face-Voice Emotional Integration.
Dose-Dependent Effects of Theta Burst rTMS on Cortical Excitability and Resting-State Connectivity of the Human Motor System.
The representation of order information in auditory-verbal short-term memory.
Functional fractionation of the stimulus-driven attention network.
Memory accumulation mechanisms in human cortex are independent of motor intentions.
Entacapone Reduces Cortical Activation in Parkinson's Disease with Wearing-Off: A f-MRI Study
Anticipatory processes in brain state switching - Evidence from a novel cued-switching task implicating default mode and salience networks.
Reduced activation in ventral striatum and ventral tegmental area during probabilistic decision-making in schizophrenia.
The Adaptive Significance of Enamel Loss in the Mandibular Incisors of Cercopithecine Primates (Mammalia: Cercopithecidae): A Finite Element Modelling Study
Neural Substrates Associated with Weather-Induced Mood Variability: An Exploratory Study Using ASL Perfusion fMRI
Money talks: neural substrate of modulation of fairness by monetary incentives.
Brain functional connectivity changes in children that differ in impulsivity temperamental trait.
Dissecting the functional anatomy of auditory word repetition.
Sex-related neuroanatomical basis of emotion regulation ability.
Imaging tactile imagery: changes in brain connectivity support perceptual grounding of mental images in primary sensory cortices.
Disrupted white matter integrity in first-episode, drug-naive, late-onset depression.
Aging associated changes in the motor control of ankle movements in the brain
Activity in ventromedial prefrontal cortex during self-related processing: positive subjective value or personal significance?
Out of control: Evidence for anterior insula involvement in motor impulsivity and reactive aggression
Differential reward network functional connectivity in cannabis dependent and non-dependent users.
APOE genotype and neuroimaging markers of Alzheimer’s disease: systematic review and meta-analysis
Attribution of emotions to body postures: An independent component analysis study of functional connectivity in autism.
Atypical Neural Responses During Face Processing in Female Adolescents With Conduct Disorder
How sound symbolism is processed in the brain: a study on Japanese mimetic words.
Working memory dysfunction in delusional disorders: An fMRI investigation
Different strategies in solving series completion inductive reasoning problems: An fMRI and computational study.
Evidence for rostro-caudal functional organization in multiple brain areas related to goal-directed behavior.
Orbitofrontal Cortex Reactivity to Angry Facial Expression in a Social Interaction Correlates with Aggressive Behavior.
Comparison of structural covariance with functional connectivity approaches exemplified by an investigation of the left anterior insula.
Validating the Why/How contrast for functional MRI studies of Theory of Mind.
Off-line consolidation of motor sequence learning results in greater integration within a cortico-striatal functional network.
Provocation of symmetry/ordering symptoms in Anorexia nervosa: a functional neuroimaging study.
Neural correlates and network connectivity underlying narrative production and comprehension: A combined fMRI and PET study.
Brain mediators of the effects of noxious heat on pain
Achromatic synesthesias - A functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Basal forebrain moderates the magnitude of task-dependent amygdala functional connectivity.
Childhood physical abuse predicts stressor-evoked activity within central visceral control regions.
Whether others were treated equally affects neural responses to unfairness in the Ultimatum Game
Detaching from the negative by reappraisal: the role of right superior frontal gyrus (BA9/32)
Dissociating dynamic probability and predictability in observed actions-an fMRI study.
Aging interferes central control mechanism for eccentric muscle contraction
Posterior Midline Activation during Symptom Provocation in Acute Stress Disorder: An fMRI Study
Impaired Frontal-Basal Ganglia Connectivity in Adolescents with Internet Addiction
Understanding effector selectivity in human posterior parietal cortex by combining information patterns and activation measures.
Human face processing is tuned to sexual age preferences
Simultaneous EEG-fMRI: Trial level spatio-temporal fusion for hierarchically reliable information discovery.
Structural and Functional Brain Alterations in End Stage Renal Disease Patients on Routine Hemodialysis: A Voxel-Based Morphometry and Resting State Functional Connectivity Study
Imbalanced hippocampal functional networks associated with remitted geriatric depression and apolipoprotein E epsilon4 allele in nondemented elderly: a preliminary study.
Sex differences in volume and structural covariance of the anterior and posterior hippocampus.
Effects of selective serotonin reuptake inhibition on neural activity related to risky decisions and monetary rewards in healthy males.
Children with mathematical learning disability fail in recruiting verbal and numerical brain regions when solving simple multiplication problems.
Neurotoxicity in breast cancer survivors ≥10 years post-treatment is dependent on treatment type.
Neural correlates of social perception on response bias.
Anatomical deficits in adult posttraumatic stress disorder: a meta-analysis of voxel-based morphometry studies.
Spontaneous perceptual facial distortions correlate with ventral occipitotemporal activity.
Neural correlates underlying true and false associative memories.
Thalamocortical Connectivity Correlates with Phenotypic Variability in Dystonia.
Changes of functional connectivity in the left frontoparietal network following aphasic stroke.
The compensatory dynamic of inter-hemispheric interactions in visuospatial attention revealed using rTMS and fMRI
Structural Changes Induced by Daily Music Listening in the Recovering Brain after Middle Cerebral Artery Stroke: A Voxel-Based Morphometry Study
Tai Chi Chuan optimizes the functional organization of the intrinsic human brain architecture in older adults
Multisensory and modality specific processing of visual speech in different regions of the premotor cortex
The responsive amygdala: Treatment-induced alterations in functional connectivity in pediatric complex regional pain syndrome
Patterns of response to visual scenes are linked to the low-level properties of the image.
The salience network is responsible for switching between the default mode network and the central executive network: replication from DCM.
On nodes and modes in resting state fMRI
You'd better think twice: post-decision perceptual confidence.
Sexually dimorphic functional connectivity in response to high vs. low energy-dense food cues in obese humans: an fMRI study.
Cocaine dependent individuals with attenuated striatal activation during reinforcement learning are more susceptible to relapse.
Modulation of brain response to emotional conflict as a function of current mood in bipolar disorder: preliminary findings from a follow-up state-based fMRI study.
Serotonin transporter gene methylation is associated with hippocampal gray matter volume.
Observed, Executed, and Imagined Action Representations can be Decoded From Ventral and Dorsal Areas.
Functional connectivity in prenatally stressed rats with and without maternal treatment with ladostigil, a brain-selective monoamine oxidase inhibitor.
Visual object agnosia is associated with a breakdown of object-selective responses in the lateral occipital cortex.
White matter integrity is associated with CSF markers of AD in normal adults
Independent Component Analysis of Resting State Activity in Pediatric Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder
Neural Dysregulation During a Working Memory Task in Human Immunodeficiency Virus-Seropositive and Hepatitis C Coinfected Individuals
Reward anticipation enhances brain activation during response inhibition.
Motivated Memories: Effects of Reward and Recollection in the Core Recollection Network and Beyond.
Reinstatement of associative memories in early visual cortex is signaled by the hippocampus.
Distributed value representation in the medial prefrontal cortex during intertemporal choices.
Value signals in the prefrontal cortex predict individual preferences across reward categories.
Abnormal Baseline Brain Activity in Patients with Pulsatile Tinnitus: A Resting-State fMRI Study
5-HTTLPR/rs25531 polymorphism and neuroticism are linked by resting state functional connectivity of amygdala and fusiform gyrus.
Do tasks matter in task switching? Dissociating domain-general from context-specific brain activity.
Age-related behavioural and neurofunctional patterns of second language word learning: different ways of being successful.
Different impressions of other agents obtained through social interaction uniquely modulate dorsal and ventral pathway activities in the social human brain.
Methamphetamine Enhances the Development of Schizophrenia in First-Degree Relatives of Patients With Schizophrenia
Differential neural responses to child and sexual stimuli in human fathers and non-fathers and their hormonal correlates
Increased suicide attempts in young depressed patients with abnormal temporal-parietal-limbic gray matter volume.
Altered brain response to others׳ pain in major depressive disorder.
Cultural differences in human brain activity: A quantitative meta-analysis
Left middle frontal gyrus response to inhibitory errors in children prospectively predicts early problem substance use.
Psilocybin-Induced Decrease in Amygdala Reactivity Correlates with Enhanced Positive Mood in Healthy Volunteers.
Presynaptic Serotoninergic Regulation of Emotional Processing: A Multimodal Brain Imaging Study.
Functional MRI of pain application in youth who engaged in repetitive non-suicidal self-injury vs. psychiatric controls.
Trait impulsivity and impaired prefrontal impulse inhibition function in adolescents with internet gaming addiction revealed by a Go/No-Go fMRI study
Atypical language organization in temporal lobe epilepsy revealed by a passive semantic paradigm
Somatotopy of the extrinsic laryngeal muscles in the human sensorimotor cortex.
Effects of healthy ageing on activation pattern within the primary motor cortex during movement and motor imagery: an fMRI study.
Separable responses to error, ambiguity, and reaction time in cingulo-opercular task control regions.
Invariance detection in the brain: revealed in a stepwise category induction task.
Cortico-subcortical metabolic correlates of olfactory processing in healthy resting subjects
Altered medial prefrontal activity during dynamic face processing in schizophrenia spectrum patients
Emotional Processing and Brain Activity in Youth at High Risk for Alcoholism
Parcellation of left parietal tool representations by functional connectivity.
Diffusion Tensor Imaging Study of White Matter Damage in Chronic Meningitis
Can we predict burnout severity from empathy-related brain activity?
Age-related differences in effective connectivity of brain regions involved in Japanese kanji processing with homophone judgment task
Age-related Differences in the Neural Bases of Phonological and Semantic Processes.
Reward acts on the pFC to enhance distractor resistance of working memory representations.
Done that: short-term repetition related modulations of motor cortex activity as a stable signature for overnight motor memory consolidation.
An fMRI study of visual lexical decision in patients with schizophrenia and clinical high-risk individuals.
Financial literacy is associated with medial brain region functional connectivity in old age
Impact of antipsychotic treatment on attention and motor learning systems in first-episode schizophrenia.
Brain substrates of recovery from misleading influence.
Lasting impact of regret and gratification on resting brain activity and its relation to depressive traits.
Effects of resveratrol on memory performance, hippocampal functional connectivity, and glucose metabolism in healthy older adults.
Frontal-medial temporal interactions mediate transitions among representational states in short-term memory.
Ongoing activity in temporally coherent networks predicts intra-subject fluctuation of response time to sporadic executive control demands.
Neural circuits of emotion regulation: a comparison of mindfulness-based and cognitive reappraisal strategies.
Brain areas associated with force steadiness and intensity during isometric ankle dorsiflexion in men and women.
Negative Urgency Mediates the Relationship between Amygdala and Orbitofrontal Cortex Activation to Negative Emotional Stimuli and General Risk-Taking.
The Persistence of Experience: Prior Attentional and Emotional State Affects Network Functioning in a Target Detection Task.
Diffusion tensor imaging in children with unilateral hearing loss: a pilot study.
Distinct regions of the cerebellum show gray matter decreases in autism, ADHD, and developmental dyslexia
The effects of acute stress exposure on striatal activity during Pavlovian conditioning with monetary gains and losses.
Decreasing ventromedial prefrontal cortex deactivation in risky decision making after simulated microgravity: effects of -6 degrees head-down tilt bed rest.
The relation between structural and functional connectivity depends on age and on task goals
Delay and trace fear conditioning in a complex virtual learning environment-neural substrates of extinction.
Notational usage modulates attention networks in binumerates.
Accurate expectancies diminish perceptual distraction during visual search.
The neural basis of task switching changes with skill acquisition
Lateralization of Brain Activation in Fluent and Non-Fluent Preschool Children: A Magnetoencephalographic Study of Picture-Naming
Imaging the where and when of tic generation and resting state networks in adult Tourette patients.
Prefrontal Gray Matter and Motivation for Treatment in Cocaine-Dependent Individuals with and without Personality Disorders
How sensory-motor systems impact the neural organization for language: direct contrasts between spoken and signed language
Effects of social context on feedback-related activity in the human ventral striatum.
Interpreting response time effects in functional imaging studies
Self-regulation of inter-hemispheric visual cortex balance through real-time fMRI neurofeedback training
Age-related spatiotemporal reorganization during response inhibition
A tool for classifying individuals with chronic back pain: using multivariate pattern analysis with functional magnetic resonance imaging data.
A functional network perspective on response inhibition and attentional control
Perceived animacy influences the processing of human-like surface features in the fusiform gyrus.
Functional correlates of the speech-in-noise perception impairment in dyslexia: an MRI study.
Aberrant functional connectivity in Papez circuit correlates with memory performance in cognitively intact middle-aged APOE4 carriers
Cluster size statistic and cluster mass statistic: two novel methods for identifying changes in functional connectivity between groups or conditions.
Card-placing test in amnestic mild cognitive impairment and its neural correlates
The effects of aging on the brain activation pattern during a speech perception task: an fMRI study.
Grey matter volumetric changes related to recovery from hand paresis after cortical sensorimotor stroke.
Convergent and Divergent fMRI Responses in Children and Adults to Increasing Language Production Demands.
Parietal and premotor cortices: activation reflects imitation accuracy during observation, delayed imitation and concurrent imitation.
Brain networks for exploration decisions utilizing distinct modeled information types during contextual learning
A brain-wide association study of DISC1 genetic variants reveals a relationship with the structure and functional connectivity of the precuneus in schizophrenia.
Single-trial EEG-informed fMRI reveals spatial dependency of BOLD signal on early and late IC-ERP amplitudes during face recognition.
Professional training in creative writing is associated with enhanced fronto-striatal activity in a literary text continuation task.
Neuroanatomical substrates of action perception and understanding: an anatomic likelihood estimation meta-analysis of lesion-symptom mapping studies in brain injured patients
Observed manipulation enhances left fronto-parietal activations in the processing of unfamiliar tools.
Single-task fMRI overlap predicts concurrent multitasking interference.
Acute aerobic exercise increases cortical activity during working memory: a functional MRI study in female college students.
Late enhancement of brain-behavior correlations during response inhibition
Greater striatal responses to medication in Parkinson׳s disease are associated with better task-switching but worse reward performance.
I feel good whether my friends win or my foes lose: brain mechanisms underlying feeling similarity.
Impact of puberty on the evolution of cerebral perfusion during adolescence.
Abstinent adult daily smokers show reduced anticipatory but elevated saccade-related brain responses during a rewarded antisaccade task.
Effects of long-term acupuncture treatment on resting-state brain activity in migraine patients: a randomized controlled trial on active acupoints and inactive acupoints.
Functional connectivity changes between parietal and prefrontal cortices in primary insomnia patients: evidence from resting-state fMRI
An fMRI study of cerebrovascular reactivity and perfusion in obstructive sleep apnea patients before and after CPAP treatment
Dissociating retrieval success from incidental encoding activity during emotional memory retrieval, in the medial temporal lobe
Hand specific representations in language comprehension.
Functional connectivity supporting the selective maintenance of feature-location binding in visual working memory
Distinct cortical locations for integration of audiovisual speech and the McGurk effect
They are laughing at me: cerebral mediation of cognitive biases in social anxiety.
Adaptation to vocal expressions reveals multistep perception of auditory emotion.
Dissociative Part-Dependent Resting-State Activity in Dissociative Identity Disorder: A Controlled fMRI Perfusion Study
The neural bases of argument structure processing revealed by primed lexical decision
The Gray Matter Volume of the Amygdala Is Correlated with the Perception of Melodic Intervals: A Voxel-Based Morphometry Study
Attention to Automatic Movements in Parkinson's Disease: Modified Automatic Mode in the Striatum.
Simultaneous EEG-fMRI brain signatures of auditory cue utilization.
Disrutpted resting-state functional architecture of the brain after 45-day simulated microgravity.
The DCDC2/intron 2 deletion and white matter disorganization: focus on developmental dyslexia.
Modulatory effect of acupuncture at Waiguan (TE5) on the functional connectivity of the central nervous system of patients with ischemic stroke in the left basal ganglia.
Pattern of brain activation during social cognitive tasks is related to social competence in siblings discordant for schizophrenia
The handyman's brain: a neuroimaging meta-analysis describing the similarities and differences between grip type and pattern in humans.
Syntax gradually segregates from semantics in the developing brain.
The impact of egocentric vs. allocentric agency attributions on the neural bases of reasoning about social rules.
A Pilot Study Examining Functional Brain Activity 6 Months After Memory Retraining in MS: the MEMREHAB Trial
An investigation of facial emotion recognition impairments in alexithymia and its neural correlates.
Investigating socio-cognitive processes in deception: a quantitative meta-analysis of neuroimaging studies.
Disorder-specific functional abnormalities during temporal discounting in youth with Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD), Autism and comorbid ADHD and Autism.
Significance of longitudinal changes in the default-mode network for cognitive recovery after stroke.
Correlations between brain cortical thickness and cutaneous pain thresholds are atypical in adults with migraine.
The Resting Brain of Alcoholics.
The neural correlates of regulating another person's emotions: an exploratory fMRI study.
Distinct neural signatures of cognitive subtypes of dyslexia with and without phonological deficits.
Aberrant network integrity of the inferior frontal cortex in women with anorexia nervosa.
Gray matter alterations in chronic pain: A network-oriented meta-analytic approach
Enhanced subgenual cingulate response to altruistic decisions in remitted major depressive disorder.
Abnormal brain structure in youth who commit homicide.
Prefrontal responses to digit span memory phases in patients with post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD): a functional near infrared spectroscopy study.
Specific brain morphometric changes in spinal cord injury with and without neuropathic pain
Sleep sharpens sensory stimulus coding in human visual cortex after fear conditioning.
Synchronous brain activity across individuals underlies shared psychological perspectives.
Ventral medial prefrontal cortex and person evaluation: forming impressions of others varying in financial and moral status.
Behavioral and neural correlates of executive functioning in musicians and non-musicians.
Early signs of anomalous neural functional connectivity in healthy offspring of parents with bipolar disorder
Dopaminergic modulation of resting-state functional connectivity in de novo patients with Parkinson's disease.
Brain activation in response to craving- and aversion-inducing cues related to alcohol in patients with alcohol dependence.
Prediction errors to emotional expressions: the roles of the amygdala in social referencing.
Dysconnectivity Within the Default Mode in First-Episode Schizophrenia: A Stochastic Dynamic Causal Modeling Study With Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging
Neural correlates of emotion regulation in patients with schizophrenia and non-affected siblings.
Whole brain expression of bipolar disorder associated genes: structural and genetic analyses.
Voxel-based morphometry and arterial spin labeling fMRI reveal neuropathic and neuroplastic features of brain processing of itch in end-stage renal disease
The left inferior frontal gyrus is involved in adjusting response bias during a perceptual decision-making task.
The development and expression of physical nicotine dependence corresponds to structural and functional alterations in the anterior cingulate-precuneus pathway.
A multi-methodological MR resting state network analysis to assess the changes in brain physiology of children with ADHD.
Stereoscopic depth increases intersubject correlations of brain networks.
Meta-Analytic Connectivity Modelling Revisited: Controlling for Activation Base Rates
Neural effects of cognitive control load on auditory selective attention
Is a novel conceptual unit more than the sum of its parts?: FMRI evidence from an associative recognition memory study.
Interaction Between Hippocampus and Cerebellum Crus I in Sequence-Based but not Place-Based Navigation.
A computational study of whole-brain connectivity in resting state and task fMRI
Neural patterns underlying social comparisons of personal performance.
The posterior parietal cortex: comparing remember/know and source memory tests of recollection and familiarity.
VARENICLINE, NALTREXONE, AND THEIR COMBINATION FOR HEAVY-DRINKING SMOKERS: PRELIMINARY NEUROIMAGING FINDINGS
Dynamics of brain activity underlying working memory for music in a naturalistic condition.
Different patterns of brain activation in normal aging and Alzheimer's disease from cognitional sight: meta analysis using activation likelihood estimation
Self-awareness in neurodegenerative disease relies on neural structures mediating reward-driven attention.
The integrity of the cholinergic system determines memory performance in healthy elderly.
The mirror neuron system and motor dexterity: What happens?
Functional Neuroanatomical Evidence for the Double-Deficit Hypothesis of Developmental Dyslexia
Brain activity in predominantly-inattentive subtype attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder during an auditory oddball attention task
A 4D neonatal head model for diffuse optical imaging of pre-term to term infants.
Flexible establishment of functional brain networks supports attentional modulation of unconscious cognition.
Mapping track density changes in nigrostriatal and extranigral pathways in Parkinson's disease
White matter integrity in older females is altered by increased body fat
Low and then high frequency oscillations of distinct right cortical networks are progressively enhanced by medium and long term Satyananda Yoga meditation practice
Neural networks mediating sentence reading in the deaf
Disruption of response inhibition circuits in prodromal Huntington disease.
The neural basis of temporal order processing in past and future thought.
Nonmotor aspects of action concepts.
High-gamma activity in an attention network predicts individual differences in elderly adults' behavioral performance
Striatal Volume Increases in Active Methamphetamine-Dependent Individuals and Correlation with Cognitive Performance
Reading the Wrong Way with the Right Hemisphere
Neural Correlates of Processing Passive Sentences
Human Brain Basis of Musical Rhythm Perception: Common and Distinct Neural Substrates for Meter, Tempo, and Pattern
Combining Computational Modeling and Neuroimaging to Examine Multiple Category Learning Systems in the Brain
Functional Brain Activity Relates to 0-3 and 3-8 Hz Force Oscillations in Essential Tremor.
Correlation between the Effects of Acupuncture at Taichong (LR3) and Functional Brain Areas: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study Using True versus Sham Acupuncture
Dysfunction of Affective Network in Post Ischemic Stroke Depression: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Different brain activity in response to emotional faces alone and augmented by contextual information.
Overlapping networks engaged during spoken language production and its cognitive control.
Frontal-subcortical circuits involved in reactive control and monitoring of gaze.
Frontal midline theta rhythm and gamma power changes during focused attention on mental calculation: an MEG beamformer analysis
Functional asymmetry and effective connectivity of the auditory system during speech perception is modulated by the place of articulation of the consonant- A 7T fMRI study
Apraxia, pantomime and the parietal cortex
A gene-brain-cognition pathway for the effect of an Alzheimers risk gene on working memory in young adults.
Brain Correlates of Experience-Dependent Changes in Stimulus Discrimination Based on the Amount and Schedule of Exposure
Exploring the patterns of acupuncture on mild cognitive impairment patients using regional homogeneity.
The Human Motor System Supports Sequence-Specific Representations over Multiple Training-Dependent Timescales.
Supraspinal Control of Urine Storage and Micturition in Men-An fMRI Study.
Relationship between impulsivity, prefrontal anticipatory activation, and striatal dopamine release during rewarded task performance.
Intrinsic Functional Connectivity Networks in Healthy Elderly Subjects: A Multiparametric Approach with Structural Connectivity Analysis
Exploring adolescent cognitive control in a combined interference switching task.
Differences between Patterns of Brain Activity Associated with Semantics and Those Linked with Phonological Processing Diminish with Age
Frontal cortex control dysfunction related to long-term suicide risk in recent-onset schizophrenia.
Midlife memory ability accounts for brain activity differences in healthy aging.
The neural cascade of olfactory processing: A combined fMRI–EEG study
Age-related differences in brain activity in the subsequent memory paradigm: a meta-analysis.
Abnormal functional connectivity density in psychogenic non-epileptic seizures
Task-induced brain activity in aphasic stroke patients: what is driving recovery?
Neural correlates of informational cascades: brain mechanisms of social influence on belief updating.
Disentangling the neural mechanisms involved in Hinduism- and Buddhism-related meditations.
Regional gray matter density associated with emotional conflict resolution: Evidence from voxel-based morphometry
Reorganization of large-scale cognitive networks during automation of imagination of a complex sequential movement
Elemental spatial and temporal association formation in left temporal lobe epilepsy.
Resting state networks distinguish human ventral tegmental area from substantia nigra.
Cortical Thinning in Temporo-Parietal Junction (TPJ) in Non-Affective First-Episode of Psychosis Patients with Persistent Negative Symptoms
Posterior cingulate cortex-related co-activation patterns: a resting state FMRI study in propofol-induced loss of consciousness.
Neural Correlates of Animacy Attribution Include Neocerebellum in Healthy Adults.
Machine learning classification of resting state functional connectivity predicts smoking status.
Functional imaging in obese children responding to long-term sports therapy.
Changing Zaire to Congo: the fate of no-longer relevant mnemonic information.
The neural basis of dishonest decisions that serve to harm or help the target.
Dissociation of regional activity in default mode network in medication-naive, first-episode somatization disorder.
Healthy individuals treated with clomipramine: an fMRI study of brain activity during autobiographical recall of emotions
Emotion regulation: quantitative meta-analysis of functional activation and deactivation.
Anticipation of high arousal aversive and positive movie clips engages common and distinct neural substrates.
Distinct neural responses to conscious versus unconscious monetary reward cues.
The default mode network is disrupted in Parkinson's disease with visual hallucinations.
Neural recruitment and connectivity during emotional memory retrieval across the adult lifespan
Enhanced repertoire of brain dynamical states during the psychedelic experience.
Structural Brain Changes Following Left Temporal Low-Frequency rTMS in Patients with Subjective Tinnitus
The processing of lexical ambiguity in healthy ageing and Parkinsons disease: role of cortico-subcortical networks.
You are the danger: attenuated insula response in methamphetamine users during aversive interoceptive decision-making.
Common and differential neural networks of emotion regulation by Detachment, Reinterpretation, Distraction, and Expressive Suppression: a comparative fMRI investigation.
Opposing effects of dopamine antagonism in a motor sequence task—tiapride increases cortical excitability and impairs motor learning
Functional specialization of the left ventral parietal cortex in working memory
Brain networks of perceptual decision-making: an fMRI ALE meta-analysis
Altered Activation of the Rostral Anterior Cingulate Cortex in the Context of Emotional Face Distractors in Children and Adolescents with Anxiety Disorders
Relational complexity modulates activity in the prefrontal cortex during numerical inductive reasoning: an fMRI study.
An ALE Meta-Analysis on the Audiovisual Integration of Speech Signals
Why we interact: on the functional role of the striatum in the subjective experience of social interaction.
The eye as a window to the listening brain: neural correlates of pupil size as a measure of cognitive listening load.
Greater Utilization of Neural-Circuits Related to Executive Functions is Associated with Better Reading: A Longitudinal fMRI Study Using the Verb Generation Task.
Context Predicts Word Order Processing in Broca's Region.
Reorganization of auditory cortex in early-deaf people: functional connectivity and relationship to hearing aid use.
Cortisol administration induces global down-regulation of the brain's reward circuitry
White matter changes in preclinical Alzheimer's disease: a magnetic resonance imaging-diffusion tensor imaging study on cognitively normal older people with positive amyloid β protein 42 levels.
Larger amygdala volume in first-degree relatives of patients with major depression.
Medial temporal lobe resection attenuates superior temporal sulcus response to faces.
Cortico-striatal-thalamic network functional connectivity in hemiparkinsonism.
Lateralization of brain activity during motor planning of proximal and distal gestures.
Altered intrinsic hippocmapus declarative memory network and its association with impulsivity in abstinent heroin dependent subjects.
Frontal glutamate and reward processing in adolescence and adulthood.
Frontal and temporal lobe contributions to emotional enhancement of memory in behavioral-variant frontotemporal dementia and Alzheimer's disease
Differences in time course activation of dorsolateral prefrontal cortex associated with low or high risk choices in a gambling task
Case report: post-stroke interventional BCI rehabilitation in an individual with preexisting sensorineural disability
Objects tell us what action we can expect: dissociating brain areas for retrieval and exploitation of action knowledge during action observation in fMRI
A comparison of neural responses to appetitive and aversive stimuli in humans and other mammals.
The alterations in inter-hemispheric functional coordination of patients with panic disorder: the findings in the posterior sub-network of default mode network.
Effect of clozapine on white matter integrity in patients with schizophrenia: a diffusion tensor imaging study.
Age-related changes in functional network connectivity associated with high levels of verbal fluency performance
Human area MT+ shows load-dependent activation during working memory maintenance with continuously morphing stimulation
The role of the insula in speech and language processing.
Different colors of light lead to different adaptation and activation as determined by high-density EEG
Greater amygdala activity and dorsomedial prefrontal–amygdala coupling are associated with enhanced inflammatory responses to stress
Motor fMRI and cortical grey matter volume in adults born very preterm.
Spatial imagery in haptic shape perception.
Parallel and serial processing in dual-tasking differentially involves mechanisms in the striatum and the lateral prefrontal cortex.
Altered structural connectivity and trait anhedonia in patients with schizophrenia.
Early decrease of type 1 cannabinoid receptor binding and phosphodiesterase 10A activity in vivo in R6/2 Huntington mice.
Brain representations for acquiring and recalling visual-motor adaptations.
Surface-based mixed effects multilevel analysis of grouped human electrocorticography
Temporal unpredictability of a stimulus sequence affects brain activation differently depending on cognitive task demands.
Working memory training impacts the mean diffusivity in the dopaminergic system.
Differential Activation Patterns of fMRI in Sleep-Deprived Brain: Restoring Effects of Acupuncture
Superficial amygdala and hippocampal activity during affective music listening observed at 3 T but not 1.5 T fMRI.
Orbitofrontal Cortex Volume and Brain Reward Response in Obesity
Predicting clinical outcome using brain activation associated with set-shifting and central coherence skills in Anorexia Nervosa
Mediodorsal and visual thalamic connectivity differ in schizophrenia and bipolar disorder with and without psychosis history.
Individual differences in intrinsic brain connectivity predict decision strategy
Decoding vigilance with NIRS.
Subcortical morphometry and psychomotor function in euthymic bipolar disorder with a history of psychosis.
Evidence-based guidelines on the therapeutic use of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS).
Clarifying the neural basis for incentive salience of tobacco cues in smokers.
Lewy body compared with Alzheimer dementia is associated with decreased functional connectivity in resting state networks.
Copy number deletion burden is associated with cognitive, structural, and resting-state network differences in patients with schizophrenia.
Impaired functional connectivity of brain reward circuitry in patients with schizophrenia and cannabis use disorder: Effects of cannabis and THC.
Patterns of cerebellar volume loss in dementia with Lewy bodies and Alzheimer׳s disease: A VBM-DARTEL study
The Neural Representation of Voluntary Task-Set Selection in Dynamic Environments.
fMRI of Simultaneous Interpretation Reveals the Neural Basis of Extreme Language Control.
Automatic domain-general processing of sound source identity in the left posterior middle frontal gyrus.
The right temporo-parietal junction contributes to visual feature binding.
When first language is not first: an functional magnetic resonance imaging investigation of the neural basis of diglossia in Arabic.
Implicit false-belief processing in the human brain.
Gender differences in working memory networks: A BrainMap meta-analysis
Role of the sensorimotor cortex in tourette syndrome using multimodal imaging.
Sequential evolution of cortical activity and effective connectivity of swallowing using fMRI.
Emotion perception and executive control interact in the salience network during emotionally charged working memory processing.
Evoked effective connectivity of the human neocortex.
Hippocampal-parietal dysconnectivity and glutamate abnormalities in unmedicated patients with schizophrenia.
Functional correlates of cognitive dysfunction in multiple sclerosis: A multicenter fMRI Study.
Monitoring mechanisms in visual search: an fMRI study.
Aberrant EEG functional connectivity and EEG power spectra in resting state post-traumatic stress disorder: A sLORETA study
Lateralized task shift effects in Broca's and Wernicke's regions and in visual word form area are selective for conceptual content and reflect trial history.
Distinct brain mechanisms support spatial vs temporal filtering of nociceptive information
Neural basis of anticipatory anxiety reappraisals.
Brain morphometry of Dravet Syndrome
Diffusion Imaging of Auditory and Auditory-Limbic Connectivity in Tinnitus: Preliminary Evidence and Methodological Challenges
Overlapping and distinct representations of advantageous and disadvantageous inequality
Functional dissociation of ventral frontal and dorsomedial default mode network components during resting state and emotional autobiographical recall
Strategies influence neural activity for feedback learning across child and adolescent development.
Insular and Hippocampal Gray Matter Volume Reductions in Patients with Major Depressive Disorder
The neural mechanisms underlying the acute effect of cigarette smoking on chronic smokers.
The Dopaminergic Midbrain Encodes the Expected Certainty about Desired Outcomes.
Abnormal Neural Activation to Faces in the Parents of Children with Autism
The brain network underlying the recognition of hand gestures in the blind: the supramodal role of the extrastriate body area.
The neural correlates of visuo-spatial working memory in children with autism spectrum disorder: effects of cognitive load
Aberrant error processing in relation to symptom severity in obsessive-compulsive disorder: A multimodal neuroimaging study.
Resting States Are Resting Traits – An fMRI Study of Sex Differences and Menstrual Cycle Effects in Resting State Cognitive Control Networks
Brain bases of reading fluency in typical reading and impaired fluency in dyslexia.
Modulation of functional network with real-time fMRI feedback training of right premotor cortex activity.
Involuntary switching into the native language induced by electrocortical stimulation of the superior temporal gyrus: A multimodal mapping study
Guanfacine Modulates the Emotional Biasing of Amygdala-Prefrontal Connectivity for Cognitive Control
Serial changes of humor comprehension for four-frame comic Manga: an fMRI study
Altered spontaneous neuronal activity of visual cortex and medial anterior cingulate cortex in treatment-naïve posttraumatic stress disorder
Voxel-based gray and white matter morphometry correlates of hallucinations in schizophrenia: The superior temporal gyrus does not stand alone☆☆☆
Visual and proprioceptive interaction in patients with bilateral vestibular loss☆
Neuroimaging after mild traumatic brain injury: Review and meta-analysis
General and specific effects of early-life psychosocial adversities on adolescent grey matter volume☆
Corticostriatal control of goal-directed action is impaired in schizophrenia.
A longitudinal analysis of neural regions involved in reading the mind in the eyes.
Distracted and down: neural mechanisms of affective interference in subclinical depression.
Social inference deficits in temporal lobe epilepsy and lobectomy: risk factors and neural substrates
Neural reinstatement and the amount of information recollected.
Supplementary motor area activations predict individual differences in temporal-change sensitivity and its illusory distortions.
Differentiating BOLD and non-BOLD signals in fMRI time series from anesthetized rats using multi-echo EPI at 11.7T.
Possible involvement of rumination in gray matter abnormalities in persistent symptoms of major depression: an exploratory magnetic resonance imaging voxel-based morphometry study.
The architecture of the chess player's brain.
Associations of regional GABA and glutamate with intrinsic and extrinsic neural activity in humans—a review of multimodal imaging studies.
Attenuation of the contingency detection effect in the extrastriate body area in autism spectrum disorder.
Neural correlates of language and non-language visuospatial processing in adolescents with reading disability
Pre-existing brain states predict risky choices.
Local awakening: regional reorganizations of brain oscillations after sleep.
The functional anatomy of single-digit arithmetic in children with developmental dyslexia.
fMRI evidence of improved visual function in patients with progressive retinitis pigmentosa by eye-movement training.
Linking DMN connectivity to episodic memory capacity: what can we learn from patients with medial temporal lobe damage?
Differential abnormalities of functional connectivity of the amygdala and hippocampus in unipolar and bipolar affective disorders
Response inhibition and serotonin in autism: a functional MRI study using acute tryptophan depletion.
Data-driven analysis of simultaneous EEG/fMRI using an ICA approach.
Function of basal ganglia in bridging cognitive and motor modules to perform an action.
Short time sports exercise boosts motor imagery patterns: implications of mental practice in rehabilitation programs.
Difference in brain activations during appreciating paintings and photographic analogs.
Visual processing of multiple elements in the dyslexic brain: evidence for a superior parietal dysfunction.
COMT Val(158)Met genotypes differentially influence subgenual cingulate functional connectivity in healthy females.
Individual differences in cortical face selectivity predict behavioral performance in face recognition.
Sequencing at the syllabic and supra-syllabic levels during speech perception: an fMRI study.
On the definition and interpretation of voice selective activation in the temporal cortex.
Open label smoking cessation with varenicline is associated with decreased glutamate levels and functional changes in anterior cingulate cortex: preliminary findings
Functional Connectivity of Primary Motor Cortex Is Dependent on Genetic Burden in Prodromal Huntington Disease
Brain State Differentiation and Behavioral Inflexibility in Autism.
Increased default mode network activity in socially anxious individuals during reward processing
Intact brain processing of musical emotions in autism spectrum disorder, but more cognitive load and arousal in happy vs. sad music.
Visual Network Asymmetry and Default Mode Network Function in ADHD: An fMRI Study
Orthographic Coding: Brain Activation for Letters, Symbols, and Digits.
Baseline frontostriatal-limbic connectivity predicts reward-based memory formation.
Effects of VRK2 (rs2312147) on White Matter Connectivity in Patients with Schizophrenia
Neural correlates of taste perception in congenital olfactory impairment.
Widespread disruption of functional brain organization in early-onset Alzheimer's disease.
Connectivity strength of dissociable striatal tracts predict individual differences in temporal discounting.
Ventromedial prefrontal cortex lesions alter neural and physiological correlates of anticipation.
Altered regional homogeneity in experimentally induced low back pain: a resting-state fMRI study
Brain differences in first-episode schizophrenia treated with quetiapine: a deformation-based morphometric study.
Alexithymia and brain gray matter volumes in a general population sample.
Disrupted functional connectivity of the hippocampus in patients with hyperthyroidism: Evidence from resting-state fMRI
tDCS modulates cortical nociceptive processing but has little to no impact on pain perception.
The level of audiovisual print-speech integration deficits in dyslexia.
Age and gender modulate the neural circuitry supporting facial emotion processing in adults with major depressive disorder
Functional Brain Activation Associated with Inhibitory Control Deficits in Older Adults.
Using action understanding to understand the left inferior parietal cortex in the human brain.
Parahippocampal cortex is involved in material processing via echoes in blind echolocation experts.
Alterations of resting-state regional and network-level neural function after acute spinal cord injury
Beauty and ugliness in the bodies and faces of others: An fMRI study of person esthetic judgement
ALS-Plus syndrome: non-pyramidal features in a large ALS cohort.
Upregulation of the rostral anterior cingulate cortex can alter the perception of emotions: fMRI-based neurofeedback at 3 and 7 T.
Hemispheric lateralization of linguistic prosody recognition in comparison to speech and speaker recognition.
You are in sync with me: Neural correlates of interpersonal synchrony with a partner
A structural MRI study of cortical thickness in depersonalisation disorder.
Processing of Intentional and Automatic Number Magnitudes in Children Born Prematurely: Evidence From fMRI
Neural Substrate of Initiation of Cross-Modal Working Memory Retrieval
The Neural Basis of Perceived Unfairness in Economic Exchanges
The Effects of Chronic Cigarette Smoking on Gray Matter Volume: Influence of Sex
Patterns in default-mode network connectivity for determining outcomes in cognitive function in acute stroke patients
Echoes of the spoken past: how auditory cortex hears context during speech perception
A voxel-based morphometry comparison of the 3.0T ADNI-1 and ADNI-2 volumetric MRI protocols
Developmental Trajectories for Visuo-Spatial Attention are Altered by Prenatal Alcohol Exposure: A Longitudinal FMRI Study.
Reduced brain resting-state network specificity in infants compared with adults
Side of Limb-Onset Predicts Laterality of Gray Matter Loss in Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
Functional specificity in the motor system: Evidence from coupled fMRI and kinematic recordings during letter and digit writing.
Brain structural and functional alterations in patients with unilateral hearing loss
The neural basis of stereotypic impact on multiple social categorization.
Subthalamic nucleus-sensorimotor cortex functional connectivity in de novo and moderate Parkinson's disease.
Alterations of regional homogeneity in pediatric bipolar depression: a resting-state fMRI study
Involvement of cortical midline structures in the processing of autobiographical information
Amodal brain activation and functional connectivity in response to high energy-density food cues in obesity
Neural correlates of anticipation and processing of performance feedback in social anxiety.
Developmental Meta-Analyses of the Functional Neural Correlates of Bipolar Disorder
Buffering social influence: neural correlates of response inhibition predict driving safety in the presence of a peer.
Adaptive top-down suppression of hippocampal activity and the purging of intrusive memories from consciousness.
Learning to play it safe (or not): stable and evolving neural responses during adolescent risky decision-making.
Attention-dependent early cortical suppression contributes to crowding.
Response to anticipated reward in the nucleus accumbens predicts behavior in an independent test of honesty.
Insula and inferior frontal triangularis activations distinguish between conditioned brain responses using emotional sounds for basic BCI communication.
Cognitive control and unusual decisions about beauty: an fMRI study.
Equal pain-Unequal fear response: enhanced susceptibility of tooth pain to fear conditioning.
LORETA EEG phase reset of the default mode network
Adolescents' emotional competence is associated with parents' neural sensitivity to emotions.
Sample entropy reveals high discriminative power between young and elderly adults in short fMRI data sets
Dopaminergic modulation of emotional conflict in Parkinson's disease
Increased topographical variability of task-related activation in perceptive and motor associative regions in adult autistics.
Quantifying familial influences on brain activation during the monetary incentive delay task: An adolescent monozygotic twin study
Preliminary findings on the heritability of the neural correlates of response inhibition.
Age mediation of frontoparietal activation during visual feature search.
BDNFval66met affects neural activation pattern during fear conditioning and 24 h delayed fear recall.
Resilience of developing brain networks to interictal epileptiform discharges is associated with cognitive outcome.
The Polymorphism of YWHAE, a Gene Encoding 14-3-3Epsilon, and Brain Morphology in Schizophrenia: A Voxel-Based Morphometric Study
Common and distinct neural correlates of inhibitory dysregulation: Stroop fMRI study of cocaine addiction and intermittent explosive disorder
Neural correlates of inhibitory control and functional genetic variation in the dopamine D4 receptor gene.
Estimating time-varying brain connectivity networks from functional MRI time series.
Simultaneous fMRI-PET of the opioidergic pain system in human brain.
Predicting goals in action episodes attenuates BOLD response in inferior frontal and occipitotemporal cortex.
Neural mechanisms of savant calendar calculating in autism: An MEG-study of few single cases
Reasoning about the implications of facial expressions: a behavioral and fMRI study on low and high social impact.
Effect of orthography over neural regions in bilinguals: a view from neuroimaging.
Illness Progression, Recent Stress, and Morphometry of Hippocampal Subfields and Medial Prefrontal Cortex in Major Depression.
Dose-dependent effects of intravenous alcohol administration on cerebral blood flow in young adults.
Synchronous activation within the default mode network correlates with perceived social support.
Characteristics of the default mode functional connectivity in normal ageing and Alzheimer's disease using resting state fMRI with a combined approach of entropy-based and graph theoretical measurements
Threat-related learning relies on distinct dorsal prefrontal cortex network connectivity.
Increased low-frequency oscillation amplitude of sensorimotor cortex associated with the severity of structural impairment in cervical myelopathy.
The Relationship between Perceptual Decision Variables and Confidence in the Human Brain.
Motivationally significant self-control: enhanced action withholding involves the right inferior frontal junction.
Brain Circuitry Supporting Multi-Organ Autonomic Outflow in Response to Nausea.
Human premotor areas parse sequences into their spatial and temporal features
An evaluation of traffic-awareness campaign videos: empathy induction is associated with brain function within superior temporal sulcus
Impact of early life adversity on reward processing in young adults: EEG-fMRI results from a prospective study over 25 years.
Disturbed cortico-amygdalar functional connectivity as pathophysiological correlate of working memory deficits in bipolar affective disorder.
The pattern and loci of training-induced brain changes in healthy older adults are predicted by the nature of the intervention.
Reduced functional reserve in patients with age-related white matter changes: a preliminary FMRI study of working memory.
Longitudinal changes in task-evoked brain responses in Parkinson's disease patients with and without mild cognitive impairment.
Roles of frontal and temporal regions in reinterpreting semantically ambiguous sentences.
The role of parietal cortex in the formation of color and motion based concepts.
The role of arousal in the spontaneous regulation of emotions in healthy aging: a fMRI investigation
A neural network approach to fMRI binocular visual rivalry task analysis.
Functional outcome in people at high risk for psychosis predicted by thalamic glutamate levels and prefronto-striatal activation.
Impaired fear recognition and attentional set-shifting is associated with brain structural changes in alcoholic patients
Neurobiological correlates of physical self-concept and self-identification with avatars in addicted players of Massively Multiplayer Online Role-Playing Games (MMORPGs)
Association of creative achievement with cognitive flexibility by a combined voxel-based morphometry and resting-state functional connectivity study.
Gender differences in the temporal voice areas.
Brain networks during free viewing of complex erotic movie: new insights on psychogenic erectile dysfunction.
The effects of musical practice on structural plasticity: the dynamics of grey matter changes.
Moderating Effect of Working Memory Capacity on Acute Alcohol Effects on BOLD Response During Inhibition and Error Monitoring in Male Heavy Drinkers
Neurodevelopmental changes in the responsiveness of systems involved in top down attention and emotional responding.
The influence of stimulus format on drawing-a functional imaging study of decision making in portrait drawing.
Learning pain-related fear: Neural mechanisms mediating rapid differential conditioning, extinction and reinstatement processes in human visceral pain
Inflectional morphology in primary progressive aphasia: An elicited production study
The Cortical Signature of Central Poststroke Pain: Gray Matter Decreases in Somatosensory, Insular, and Prefrontal Cortices.
Age-related increases in right frontal activation during task switching are mediated by reaction time and white matter microstructure
Resting-state functional connectivity of the human hypothalamus.
Shared and nonshared neural networks of cognitive and affective theory-of-mind: a neuroimaging study using cartoon picture stories.
Spatiotemporal properties of auditory intensity processing in multisensor MEG
Heritability of head motion during resting state functional MRI in 462 healthy twins.
Hyper-coupling between working memory task-evoked activations and amplitude of spontaneous fluctuations in first-episode schizophrenia.
The neural architecture of age-related dual-task interferences
Decoding letter position in word reading.
Sleepiness induced by sleep-debt enhanced amygdala activity for subliminal signals of fear
The influence of expertise on brain activation of the action observation network during anticipation of tennis and volleyball serves.
Resting state functional connectivity of the anterior cingulate cortex in veterans with and without post-traumatic stress disorder.
Frequency-dependent changes in the amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations in subcortical ischemic vascular disease (SIVD): a resting-state fMRI study.
Vestibular evoked potentials (VsEPs) of cortical origin produced by impulsive acceleration applied at the nasion
When you smile, you become happy: Evidence from resting state task-based fMRI.
Endogenous-cue prospective memory involving incremental updating of working memory: an fMRI study.
Neural coding of assessing another person's knowledge based on nonverbal cues.
A meta-analysis of the anterior cingulate contribution to social pain
The association between the 5-HTTLPR and neural correlates of fear conditioning and connectivity.
Automatic emotion processing as a function of trait emotional awareness: an fMRI study.
Effective connectivity among the working memory regions during preparation for and during performance of the n-back task.
Network Based Statistical Analysis Detects Changes Induced by Continuous Theta-Burst Stimulation on Brain Activity at Rest
The neural bases of directed and spontaneous mental state attributions to group agents.
Lead-induced impairments in the neural processes related to working memory function.
Overlapping patterns of brain activation to food and cocaine cues in cocaine abusers: Association to striatal D2/D3 receptors.
The organization and dynamics of corticostriatal pathways link the medial orbitofrontal cortex to future behavioral responses.
Network Organization Unfolds over Time during Periods of Anxious Anticipation
Transfer of learning relates to intrinsic connectivity between hippocampus, ventromedial prefrontal cortex, and large-scale networks.
Anterior insula activity reflects the effects of intentionality on the anticipation of aversive stimulation.
Globally Divergent but Locally Convergent X- and Y-Chromosome Influences on Cortical Development
Cross-Modal Decoding of Neural Patterns Associated with Working Memory: Evidence for Attention-Based Accounts of Working Memory.
The neural correlates of the decoy effect in decisions.
The relative contributions of frontal and parietal cortex for generalized quantifier comprehension.
Striatal and hippocampal involvement in motor sequence chunking depends on the learning strategy.
Evaluation of net causal influences in the circuit responding to premotor control during the movement-readiness state using conditional Granger causality.
In-context language control with production tasks in bilinguals: an fMRI study.
Age differences in the neural correlates of novelty processing: The effects of item-relatedness.
Oxytocin improves behavioural and neural deficits in inferring others' social emotions in autism.
Like the back of the (right) hand? A new fMRI look on the hand laterality task.
Failure of stop and go in de novo Parkinson's disease-a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Template based rotation: A method for functional connectivity analysis with a priori templates.
Brain-based origins of change language: A beginning
Effector-independent brain activity during motor imagery of the upper and lower limbs: an fMRI study.
Abnormal deactivation of the inferior frontal gyrus during implicit emotion processing in youth with bipolar disorder: Attenuated by medication
Comparison of associative recognition versus source recognition.
Alpha band functional connectivity correlates with the performance of brain–machine interfaces to decode real and imagined movements
Changes in White Matter Integrity before Conversion from Mild Cognitive Impairment to Alzheimer’s Disease
Diffusion tensor imaging differentiates vascular parkinsonism from parkinsonian syndromes of degenerative origin in elderly subjects
Functional connectivity of hippocampal and prefrontal networks during episodic and spatial memory based on real-world environments.
Effects of Inflammation on Hippocampus and Substantia Nigra Responses to Novelty in Healthy Human Participants
From details to large scale: the representation of environmental positions follows a granularity gradient along the human hippocampal and entorhinal anterior-posterior axis.
Individual Differences in Striatum Activity to Food Commercials Predict Weight Gain in Adolescents
Visual cortex activation to drug cues: A meta-analysis of functional neuroimaging papers in addiction and substance abuse literature
Bilingualism trains specific brain circuits involved in flexible rule selection and application.
Decreased gray matter volume in the left middle temporal gyrus as a candidate biomarker for schizophrenia: a study of drug naive, first-episode schizophrenia patients and unaffected siblings.
Subclinical Visuospatial Impairment in Parkinson’s Disease: The Role of Basal Ganglia and Limbic System
Right Inferior Frontal Gyrus Activation Is Associated with Memory Improvement in Patients with Left Frontal Low-Grade Glioma Resection
Right prefrontal and ventral striatum interactions underlying impulsive choice and impulsive responding.
Inconvenient correlation – RT–BOLD relationship for homogeneous and fast reactions
Quantification of the power changes in BOLD signals using Welch spectrum method during different single-hand motor imageries
Reduced cerebrovascular reactivity in young adults carrying the APOE ε4 allele
Developmental continuity in reward-related enhancement of cognitive control.
Altered white matter microstructure underlies listening difficulties in children suspected of auditory processing disorders: a DTI study
The highly sensitive brain: an fMRI study of sensory processing sensitivity and response to others' emotions.
Structural and functional hallmarks of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis progression in motor- and memory-related brain regions.
Diminished white matter integrity in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus
Dynamic functional connectivity analysis reveals transient states of dysconnectivity in schizophrenia.
Intersession reliability of fMRI activation for heat pain and motor tasks.
Increased coupling of intrinsic networks in remitted depressed youth predicts rumination and cognitive control.
Structural and functional brain changes beyond visual system in patients with advanced glaucoma.
Prismatic adaptation changes visuospatial representation in the inferior parietal lobule.
Cognitive impairment and resting-state network connectivity in Parkinson's disease.
Dissociating Bottom-Up and Top-Down Mechanisms in the Cortico-Limbic System during Emotion Processing.
Neuronal oscillations form parietal/frontal networks during contour integration
Neural Correlates of Unsuccessful Memory Performance in MCI
In Vivo High-Resolution 7 Tesla MRI Shows Early and Diffuse Cortical Alterations in CADASIL
Longitudinal Brain White Matter Alterations in Minimal Hepatic Encephalopathy before and after Liver Transplantation
Subjective somatosensory experiences disclosed by focused attention: cortical-hippocampal-insular and amygdala contributions.
The dorsolateral prefrontal network is involved in pain perception in knee osteoarthritis patients.
Resting-State and Task-Based Functional Brain Connectivity in Developmental Dyslexia.
An exploratory fMRI study into inferences of self-agency.
Increased Resting-State Gamma-Band Connectivity in First-Episode Schizophrenia.
Abnormal causal connectivity by structural deficits in first-episode, drug-naive schizophrenia at rest.
Neocerebellar contributions to social perception in adolescents with autism spectrum disorder.
Cognitive-behavioral therapy for generalized anxiety disorder is associated with attenuation of limbic activation to threat-related facial emotions.
Value-driven attentional priority signals in human basal ganglia and visual cortex.
A functional investigation of RAN letters, digits, and objects: How similar are they?
Age-related sensitivity to task-related modulation of language-processing networks.
Associative memory and its cerebral correlates in Alzheimer's disease: Evidence for distinct deficits of relational and conjunctive memory
Human thalamic and amygdala modulation in emotional scene perception.
Functional magnetic resonance imaging of sensorimotor transformations in saccades and antisaccades.
Resting state connectivity immediately following learning correlates with subsequent sleep-dependent enhancement of motor task performance.
Music listening engages specific cortical regions within the temporal lobes: Differences between musicians and non-musicians.
Parkinson's disease and local atrophy in subcortical nuclei: insight from shape analysis.
Neural correlates during working memory processing in major depressive disorder
Effective connectivity during animacy perception – dynamic causal modelling of Human Connectome Project data
Being an agent or an observer: Different spectral dynamics revealed by MEG.
The auditory scene: An fMRI study on melody and accompaniment in professional pianists.
Oral texture influences the neural processing of ortho- and retronasal odors in humans
Evidence for progressive brain abnormalities in early schizophrenia: a cross-sectional structural and functional connectivity study.
Age-related alterations of brain network underlying the retrieval of emotional autobiographical memories: an fMRI study using independent component analysis
Discriminable spatial patterns of activation for faces and bodies in the fusiform gyrus.
Nicotinic Acetylcholine Receptor Density in Cognitively Intact Subjects at an Early Stage of Parkinson’s Disease
Functional neuroimaging of acute oculomotor deficits in concussed athletes.
Neural correlates of gender differences in reputation building.
Bilingual cognitive control in language switching: an fMRI study of English-Chinese late bilinguals.
Do you feel alright? Attenuated neural processing of aversive interoceptive stimuli in current stimulant users.
Role of contingency in striatal response to incentive in adolescents with anxiety.
Increased Moral Sensitivity for Outgroup Perpetrators Harming Ingroup Members.
Relating Education, Brain Structure, and Cognition: The Role of Cardiovascular Disease Risk Factors
The influence of work-related chronic stress on the regulation of emotion and on functional connectivity in the brain.
Reduced amygdala and ventral striatal activity to happy faces in PTSD is associated with emotional numbing.
GABA concentration in posterior cingulate cortex predicts putamen response during resting state fMRI.
Resting-state functional connectivity predicts the strength of hemispheric lateralization for language processing in temporal lobe epilepsy and normals
Structural alterations of the social brain: a comparison between schizophrenia and autism.
Multimodal FMRI resting-state functional connectivity in granulin mutations: the case of fronto-parietal dementia.
Perceiving active listening activates the reward system and improves the impression of relevant experiences
The Relation between Resting State Connectivity and Creativity in Adolescents before and after Training
Differentiating neural reward responsiveness in autism versus ADHD.
Face, eye, and body selective responses in fusiform gyrus and adjacent cortex: an intracranial EEG study
Brain spontaneous fluctuations in sensorimotor regions were directly related to eyes open and eyes closed: evidences from a machine learning approach
Quantifying the reconfiguration of intrinsic networks during working memory.
Interhemispheric cerebral blood flow balance during recovery of motor hand function after ischemic stroke--a longitudinal MRI study using arterial spin labeling perfusion.
Robust expertise effects in right FFA.
Impact of cognitive-behavioral therapy for social anxiety disorder on the neural bases of emotional reactivity to and regulation of social evaluation
Differential bilateral involvement of the parietal gyrus during predicative metaphor processing: an auditory fMRI study.
Human brain structure predicts individual differences in preconscious evaluation of facial dominance and trustworthiness
Fearfulness moderates the link between childhood social withdrawal and adolescent reward response.
Adaptive neural reward processing during anticipation and receipt of monetary rewards in mindfulness meditators.
Common and distinct neural correlates of facial emotion processing in social anxiety disorder and Williams syndrome: A systematic review and voxel-based meta-analysis of functional resonance imaging studies.
Changes in cortical, cerebellar and basal ganglia representation after comprehensive long term unilateral hand motor training.
Neural signatures of lexical tone reading.
Neural mechanisms of smooth pursuit eye movements in schizotypy.
Choosing Money over Drugs: The Neural Underpinnings of Difficult Choice in Chronic Cocaine Users
Comparison of Transverse Island Flap Onlay and Tubularized Incised-Plate Urethroplasties for Primary Proximal Hypospadias: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis
Neural systems for cognitive reappraisal in children and adolescents with autism spectrum disorder.
Distinct neural networks for target feature versus dimension changes in visual search, as revealed by EEG and fMRI.
Impact of lingual gyrus volume on antidepressant response and neurocognitive functions in Major Depressive Disorder: a voxel-based morphometry study.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation over the orbitofrontal cortex for obsessive-compulsive disorder: a double-blind, crossover study
The association between gray matter volume and reading proficiency: a longitudinal study of beginning readers.
Dissociable effects of motivation and expectancy on conflict processing: an FMRI study.
Adaptive Coding of Orofacial and Speech Actions in Motor and Somatosensory Spaces with and without Overt Motor Behavior.
Transient and sustained BOLD signal time courses affect the detection of emotion-related brain activation in fMRI.
Reward pathway dysfunction in gambling disorder: A meta-analysis of functional magnetic resonance imaging studies.
Influence of COMT Genotype on Antero-posterior Cortical Functional Connectivity Underlying Interference Resolution.
Top-down Modulation of Neural Activity in Anticipatory Visual Attention: Control Mechanisms Revealed by Simultaneous EEG-fMRI.
A brain-computer interface for potential non-verbal facial communication based on EEG signals related to specific emotions
Effects of reward contingencies on brain activation during feedback processing.
How action selection can be embodied: intracranial gamma band recording shows response competition during the Eriksen flankers test
Why people drink shampoo? Food Imitating Products are fooling brains and endangering consumers for marketing purposes.
Reactions to Media Violence: It’s in the Brain of the Beholder
Person-specific theory of mind in medial pFC.
Neural emotion regulation circuitry underlying anxiolytic effects of perceived control over pain.
Common neural correlates of intertemporal choices and intelligence in adolescents.
A disease-specific metabolic brain network associated with corticobasal degeneration
Allocentric versus egocentric representation of remembered reach targets in human cortex.
Age-Related Differences in Functional Connectivity During Cognitive Emotion Regulation
Illness denial in schizophrenia spectrum disorders: a function of left hemisphere dominance.
Schizophrenia and Autism as Contrasting Minds: Neural Evidence for the Hypo-Hyper-Intentionality Hypothesis
Cerebral responses to innocuous somatic pressure stimulation following aerobic exercise rehabilitation in chronic pain patients: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Butorphanol Suppression of Histamine Itch is Mediated by Nucleus Accumbens and Septal Nuclei
Neural mechanisms of inhibitory control continue to mature in adolescence.
Dopamine transporter SLC6A3 genotype affects cortico-striatal activity of set-shifts in Parkinson's disease.
Lying and the Subsequent Desire for Toothpaste: Activity in the Somatosensory Cortex Predicts Embodiment of the Moral-Purity Metaphor.
Effects of childhood maltreatment on the neural correlates of stress- and drug cue-induced cocaine craving
Tract-based spatial statistics of the olfactory brain in patients with multiple sclerosis
Impaired risk evaluation in people with Internet gaming disorder: fMRI evidence from a probability discounting task
The neural representation of plural discourse entities.
Fronto-parietal network supports context-dependent speech comprehension.
Neuronal substrates characterizing two stages in visual object recognition.
Voxel-based morphometry study of the insular cortex in bipolar depression.
The long-term effects of prenatal nicotine exposure on verbal working memory: an fMRI study of young adults.
Similarities and differences in brain activation and functional connectivity in first and second language reading: evidence from Chinese learners of English.
Alterations in effective connectivity anchored on the insula in major depressive disorder.
How the human brain exchanges information across sensory modalities to recognize other people.
Methylphenidate Effects on Brain Activity as a Function of SLC6A3 Genotype and Striatal Dopamine Transporter Availability
Positive and negative affective processing exhibit dissociable functional hubs during the viewing of affective pictures.
Acupuncture on GB34 activates the precentral gyrus and prefrontal cortex in Parkinson’s disease
Emotional valence and spatial congruency differentially modulate crossmodal processing: an fMRI study
Silent music reading: Auditory imagery and visuotonal modality transfer in singers and non-singers.
The human hippocampus is sensitive to the durations of events and intervals within a sequence.
Age differences in self-referencing: Evidence for common and distinct encoding strategies.
Impaired response inhibition and excess cortical thickness as candidate endophenotypes for trichotillomania
Getting the beat: Entrainment of brain activity by musical rhythm and pleasantness.
Mood-dependent integration in discourse comprehension: happy and sad moods affect consistency processing via different brain networks.
Disrupted brain functional network in internet addiction disorder: a resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Reduced cortical complexity in children with Prader-Willi Syndrome and its association with cognitive impairment and developmental delay.
Poor ability to resist tempting calorie rich food is linked to altered balance between neural systems involved in urge and self-control
An investigation of the neural circuits underlying reaching and reach-to-grasp movements: from planning to execution.
De Qi, a Threshold of the Stimulus Intensity, Elicits the Specific Response of Acupoints and Intrinsic Change of Human Brain to Acupuncture
Disorder-specific grey matter deficits in attention deficit hyperactivity disorder relative to autism spectrum disorder
Trait positive affect is associated with hippocampal volume and change in caudate volume across adolescence.
Speech motor brain regions are differentially recruited during perception of native and foreign-accented phonemes for first and second language listeners.
Cognitive flexibility in adolescence: Neural and behavioral mechanisms of reward prediction error processing in adaptive decision making during development.
Increased functional connectivity within mesocortical networks in open people.
BDNF Val66Met polymorphism influence on striatal blood-level-dependent response to monetary feedback depends on valence and agency
Successful face recognition is associated with increased prefrontal cortex activation in autism spectrum disorder.
The neural basis of attaining conscious awareness of sad mood.
Modafinil alters intrinsic functional connectivity of the right posterior insula: a pharmacological resting state fMRI study.
Decreased connectivity of the default mode network in pathological gambling: A resting state functional MRI study.
Influence of microglial activation on neuronal function in Alzheimer's and Parkinson's disease dementia
Dissociation of functional and anatomical brain abnormalities in unaffected siblings of schizophrenia patients.
Parietal abnormalities are related to avoidance in social anxiety disorder: a study using voxel-based morphometry and manual volumetry.
Neural substrates of rumination tendency in non-depressed individuals.
Cortical volume and folding abnormalities in Parkinson's disease patients with pathological gambling
Reduced structural integrity and functional lateralization of the dorsal language pathway correlate with hallucinations in schizophrenia: A combined diffusion spectrum imaging and functional magnetic
Distinct neural correlates of social categories and personality traits.
Lateralization of Resting State Networks and Relationship to Age and Gender
Responses to irrational actions in action observation and mentalising networks of the human brain.
Preliminary structural MRI based brain classification of chronic pelvic pain: A MAPP network study
Visual Learning Alters the Spontaneous Activity of the Resting Human Brain: An fNIRS Study
The medial orbitofrontal cortex encodes a general unsigned value signal during anticipation of both appetitive and aversive events.
Neural correlates associated with superior tactile symmetry perception in the early blind.
Contextual alignment of cognitive and neural dynamics.
The Reference Ability Neural Network Study: Motivation, design, and initial feasibility analyses.
Functional Dissociations Within Posterior Parietal Cortex During Scene Integration and Viewpoint Changes.
Oestrogens are Not Related to Emotional Processing: a Study of Regional Brain Activity in Female-to-Male Transsexuals Under Gonadal Suppression.
Altered Regional Homogeneity in Rolandic Epilepsy: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Cannabinoid Modulation of Functional Connectivity within Regions Processing Attentional Salience
Cortical Representations of Cognitive Control and Working Memory Are Dependent Yet Non-Interacting.
Brain Mechanisms of Social Threat Effects on Working Memory.
Heterogeneity of stimulus-specific response modification-an fMRI study on neuroplasticity.
Overlapping patterns of neural activity for different forms of novelty in fMRI.
Higher Media Multi-Tasking Activity Is Associated with Smaller Gray-Matter Density in the Anterior Cingulate Cortex
Effects of achievement goals on challenge seeking and feedback processing: behavioral and FMRI evidence.
White and grey matter changes in the language network during healthy aging.
Motor imagery-based brain activity parallels that of motor execution: Evidence from magnetic source imaging of cortical oscillations
Brainstem changes associated with increased muscle sympathetic drive in obstructive sleep apnoea
Cortical activity modulation by botulinum toxin type A in patients with post-stroke arm spasticity: Real and imagined hand movement
Associations between age and gray matter volume in anatomical brain networks in middle-aged to older adults
Regional cortical thickness and subcortical volume changes in patients with metabolic syndrome.
Age-related changes in the intrinsic functional connectivity of the human ventral vs. dorsal striatum from childhood to middle age.
Acupuncture modulates cortical thickness and functional connectivity in knee osteoarthritis patients
Predictability-mediated pain modulation in context of multiple cues: An event-related fMRI study.
Enlargement of visual processing regions in social anxiety disorder is related to symptom severity.
Abnormal gray matter and white matter volume in ‘Internet gaming addicts’
Influence of neurobehavioral incentive valence and magnitude on alcohol drinking behavior.
Reduced resting-state brain activity in the default mode network in children with (central) auditory processing disorders
Unleashing creativity: The role of left temporoparietal regions in evaluating and inhibiting the generation of creative ideas.
Alterations in amygdala functional connectivity reflect early temperament.
A structural distance effect for backward anaphora in Broca's area: an fMRI study.
Personality traits modulate subcortical and cortical vestibular and anxiety responses to sound-evoked otolithic receptor stimulation
Incidental self-processing modulates the interaction of emotional valence and arousal.
The time-course of cortico-limbic neural responses to air hunger
Parahippocampal gray matter alterations in Spinocerebellar Ataxia Type 2 identified by voxel based morphometry.
The neural correlates of belief-bias inhibition: The impact of logic training.
Sex differences in the neural basis of false-belief and pragmatic language comprehension.
Disentangling in vivo the effects of iron content and atrophy on the ageing human brain.
Sensitivity of negative subsequent memory and task-negative effects to age and associative memory performance.
Neural basis of language switching in the brain: fMRI evidence from Korean-Chinese early bilinguals.
Regional amyloid burden and intrinsic connectivity networks in cognitively normal elderly subjects.
Inside the syntactic box: the neural correlates of the functional and positional level in covert sentence production.
The cerebral cost of breathing: an FMRI case-study in congenital central hypoventilation syndrome.
Increased orbitofrontal cortex activation associated with “pro-obsessive” antipsychotic treatment in patients with schizophrenia
An fMRI study of concreteness effects in spoken word recognition
Spatial and temporal functional connectivity changes between resting and attentive states.
The Neural Basis of Mark Making: A Functional MRI Study of Drawing
Selective vulnerability related to aging in large-scale resting brain networks.
Spontaneous brain activity in type 2 diabetics revealed by amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations and its association with diabetic vascular disease: a resting-state FMRI study.
A model for visual memory encoding.
Imbalance of default mode and regulatory networks during externally focused processing in depression.
Impaired contextual modulation of memories in PTSD: an fMRI and psychophysiological study of extinction retention and fear renewal.
Fibromyalgia patients had normal distraction related pain inhibition but cognitive impairment reflected in caudate nucleus and hippocampus during the Stroop Color Word Test.
The effect of treatment history on therapeutic outcome: psychological and neurobiological underpinnings.
Manipulating item proportion and deception reveals crucial dissociation between behavioral, autonomic, and neural indices of concealed information.
Comfort for uncertainty in pathological gamblers: A fMRI study.
Lost for emotion words: What motor and limbic brain activity reveals about autism and semantic theory.
Altered intrinsic regional brain activity in male patients with severe obstructive sleep apnea: a resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Examining the role of the temporo-parietal network in memory, imagery, and viewpoint transformations.
Correlations between social-emotional feelings and anterior insula activity are independent from visceral states but influenced by culture.
Cortical response variation with different sound pressure levels: a combined event-related potentials and FMRI study.
Reduced topological efficiency in cortical-basal Ganglia motor network of Parkinson's disease: a resting state fMRI study.
Patterns of Brain Activation when Mothers View Their Own Child and Dog: An fMRI Study
Age differences in the impact of peers on adolescents' and adults' neural response to reward.
Task-rest modulation of basal ganglia connectivity in mild to moderate Parkinson's disease.
Point-Process Deconvolution of fMRI BOLD Signal Reveals Effective Connectivity Alterations in Chronic Pain Patients.
An fMRI study of behavioral response inhibition in adolescents with and without histories of heavy prenatal alcohol exposure.
Neuronal substrates of Corsi Block span: Lesion symptom mapping analyses in relation to attentional competition and spatial bias.
Neural mechanisms underlying context-dependent shifts in risk preferences.
Resting-state networks predict individual differences in common and specific aspects of executive function.
Role of the precuneus in the detection of incongruency between tactile and visual texture information: A functional MRI study.
Alexithymic features and the labeling of brief emotional facial expressions - An fMRI study.
Identification of the neural correlates of cyclothymic temperament using a working memory task in fMRI.
The correlation between Emotional Intelligence and gray matter volume in university students.
Role of medial prefrontal cortex in representing one’s own subjective emotional responses: A preliminary study
Development of the Default Mode and Central Executive Networks Across Early Adolescence: a Longitudinal Study
Effects of incentives, age, and behavior on brain activation during inhibitory control: a longitudinal fMRI study.
Age-related increases in long-range connectivity in fetal functional neural connectivity networks in utero.
Amygdala habituation: A reliable fMRI phenotype.
Age trajectories of functional activation under conditions of low and high processing demands: An adult lifespan fMRI study of the aging brain.
What you see is what you eat: An ALE meta-analysis of the neural correlates of food viewing in children and adolescents
Decreased Peripheral and Central Responses to Acupuncture Stimulation following Modification of Body Ownership
Language Lateralization Shifts with Learning by Adults
Neurostructural impact of co-occurring anxiety in pediatric patients with major depressive disorder: a voxel-based morphometry study.
Resting-state fMRI activity predicts unsupervised learning and memory in an immersive virtual reality environment.
Multimodal MRI of the hippocampus in Parkinson's disease with visual hallucinations.
Distinct structural neural patterns of trait physical and social anhedonia: Evidence from cortical thickness, subcortical volumes and inter-regional correlations.
Do you like Arcimboldo's? Esthetic appreciation modulates brain activity in solving perceptual ambiguity.
A common functional neural network for overt production of speech and gesture
Decreased centrality of subcortical regions during the transition to adolescence: A functional connectivity study.
Predictive Models Based on Support Vector Machines: Whole-Brain versus Regional Analysis of Structural MRI in the Alzheimer's Disease.
Decreased Hypothalamic Functional Connectivity with Subgenual Cortex in Psychotic Major Depression
Differential lateralization of hippocampal connectivity reflects features of recent context and ongoing demands: an examination of immediate post-task activity.
The fusion of mental imagery and sensation in the temporal association cortex.
Cortical activation associated with muscle synergies of the human male pelvic floor.
Beautiful friendship: Social sharing of emotions improves subjective feelings and activates the neural reward circuitry.
Is moral beauty different from facial beauty? Evidence from an fMRI study.
A longitudinal VBM study monitoring treatment with erythropoietin in patients with Friedreich ataxia
Brain anatomical substrates of mirror movements in Kallmann syndrome.
Interaction of brain areas of visual and vestibular simultaneous activity with fMRI.
Prior knowledge influences on hippocampus and medial prefrontal cortex interactions in subsequent memory.
Enhanced parietal cortex activation during location detection in children with autism
Differing contributions of inferior prefrontal and anterior temporal cortex to concrete and abstract conceptual knowledge.
The Neural Mechanisms Underlying the Decision to Rest in the Presence of Fatigue: A Magnetoencephalography Study
Identification and adjustment of experimental occlusal interference using functional magnetic resonance imaging
Age-related differences in medial temporal lobe involvement during conceptual fluency.
Neural responses to monetary incentives in younger and older adults.
Can Harry Potter still put a spell on us in a second language? An fMRI study on reading emotion-laden literature in late bilinguals.
False memory for face in short-term memory and neural activity in human amygdala.
Functional connectivity and neuronal variability of resting state activity in bipolar disorder-reduction and decoupling in anterior cortical midline structures.
Contribution of the motor system to the perception of reachable space: an fMRI study.
The neural basis of monitoring goal progress.
Toward literature-based feature selection for diagnostic classification: a meta-analysis of resting-state fMRI in depression
The amygdala's response to face and emotional information and potential category-specific modulation of temporal cortex as a function of emotion
Distributed cognitive maps reflecting real distances between places and views in the human brain.
Neural correlates of moral and non-moral emotion in female psychopathy.
Moving to music: effects of heard and imagined musical cues on movement-related brain activity.
Bayesian network analysis revealed the connectivity difference of the default mode network from the resting-state to task-state
Decreased Default Mode Network connectivity correlates with age-associated structural and cognitive changes
Unique Functional Abnormalities in Youth with Combined Marijuana Use and Depression: An fMRI Study
Altered fMRI Connectivity Dynamics in Temporal Lobe Epilepsy Might Explain Seizure Semiology
Altered functional connectivity in posttraumatic stress disorder with versus without comorbid major depressive disorder: a resting state fMRI study
Multimodal Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study of Treatment-Naïve Adults with Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder
Greater cortical thinning in normal older adults predicts later cognitive impairment.
Parsing The Intrinsic Networks Underlying Attention: A Resting State Study.
Baseline effects of transcranial direct current stimulation on glutamatergic neurotransmission and large-scale network connectivity.
Sex differences in the neural substrates of spatial working memory during adolescence are not mediated by endogenous testosterone.
Anti-anhedonic effect of ketamine and its neural correlates in treatment-resistant bipolar depression
Normal body perception despite the loss of right fusiform gyrus.
The neural correlates of speech motor sequence learning.
The strength of gradually accruing probabilistic evidence modulates brain activity during a categorical decision.
Reinstatement of individual past events revealed by the similarity of distributed activation patterns during encoding and retrieval.
Regional white matter variation associated with domain-specific metacognitive accuracy.
Language Networks Associated with Computerized Semantic Indices.
Social gating of sensory information during ongoing communication.
Visual gravity cues in the interpretation of biological movements: Neural correlates in humans.
Case-control resting-state fMRI study of brain functioning among adolescents with first-episode major depressive disorder
Dynamic modulation of amygdala-hippocampal connectivity by emotional arousal.
Large-scale brain network dynamics supporting adolescent cognitive control.
Goal-congruent default network activity facilitates cognitive control.
Oppositional COMT Val158Met effects on resting state functional connectivity in adolescents and adults.
Neural interaction between logical reasoning and pragmatic processing in narrative discourse.
Impairment of functional integration of the default mode network correlates with cognitive outcome at three months after stroke.
Uncertainty during pain anticipation: The adaptive value of preparatory processes.
Delayed and disorganised brain activation detected with magnetoencephalography after mild traumatic brain injury
Sensitivity of human auditory cortex to rapid frequency modulation revealed by multivariate representational similarity analysis.
Activation in inhibitory brain regions during food choice correlates with temptation strength and self-regulatory success in weight-concerned women.
The neural basis of audiomotor entrainment: an ALE meta-analysis
Efficient learning mechanisms hold in the social domain and are implemented in the medial prefrontal cortex.
Functional Connectivity Density and Balance in Young Patients with Traumatic Axonal Injury
The Mona Lisa effect: Neural correlates of centered and off-centered gaze.
Dissociating pathomechanisms of depression with fMRI: bottom-up or top-down dysfunctions of the reward system.
Development of brain systems for nonsymbolic numerosity and the relationship to formal math academic achievement
Functional connectivity in the resting-state motor networks influences the kinematic processes during motor sequence learning.
Withholding and canceling a response in ADHD adolescents.
Insight into the neurophysiological processes of melodically intoned language with functional MRI.
Social feedback processing from early to late adolescence: influence of sex, age, and attachment style.
Structural covariance of superficial white matter in mild Alzheimer's disease compared to normal aging.
Resting-State Functional Connectivity Modulation and Sustained Changes After Real-Time Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Neurofeedback Training in Depression
Unilateral tinnitus: changes in connectivity and response lateralization measured with FMRI.
Interaction between Neuroanatomical and Psychological Changes after Mindfulness-Based Training
Resting-State Network Complexity and Magnitude Are Reduced in Prematurely Born Infants.
The Role of Corticostriatal Systems in Speech Category Learning.
Identification of Mood-Relevant Brain Connections Using a Continuous, Subject-Driven Rumination Paradigm.
Identifying and Mapping Connectivity Patterns of Brain Network Hubs in Alzheimer's Disease.
Morphometry of Left Frontal and Temporal Poles Predicts Analogical Reasoning Abilities.
Posteromedial hyperactivation during episodic recognition among people with memory decline: findings from the WRAP study.
Autistic empathy toward autistic others
Episodic Future Thinking in Semantic Dementia: A Cognitive and fMRI Study
Inhibitory Behavioral Control: A Stochastic Dynamic Causal Modeling Study Using Network Discovery Analysis
Insula response to unpredictable and predictable aversiveness in individuals with panic disorder and comorbid depression
Investigation of Cross-Species Translatability of Pharmacological MRI in Awake Nonhuman Primate - A Buprenorphine Challenge Study
Greater BOLD Variability in Older Compared with Younger Adults during Audiovisual Speech Perception.
Statistical mapping of metabolites in the medial wall of the brain: A proton echo planar spectroscopic imaging study.
Neural responses to maternal criticism in healthy youth.
Neural and genetic markers of vulnerability to post-traumatic stress symptoms among survivors of the World Trade Center attacks.
Decision Making: Neural Mechanisms: Value and probability coding in a feedback-based learning task utilizing food rewards
Sex and disease-related alterations of anterior insula functional connectivity in chronic abdominal pain.
Cognitive Deterioration and Functional Compensation in ALS Measured with fMRI Using an Inhibitory Task.
The importance of premotor cortex for supporting speech production after left capsular-putaminal damage.
The neural processing of foreign-accented speech and its relationship to listener bias
Intention understanding over T: a neuroimaging study on shared representations and tennis return predictions.
Activity of right premotor-parietal regions dependent upon imagined force level: an fMRI study.
A pooling-LiNGAM algorithm for effective connectivity analysis of fMRI data
Decreased Fronto-Temporal Interaction during Fixation after Memory Retrieval
Assessment of in vivo microstructure alterations in gray matter using DKI in internet gaming addiction
Genetics pathway-based imaging approaches in Chinese Han population with Alzheimer's disease risk.
A frontal but not parietal neural correlate of auditory consciousness.
The formation of source memory under distraction
Lithium and GSK-3β promoter gene variants influence cortical gray matter volumes in bipolar disorder.
Increased functional connectivity between superior colliculus and brain regions implicated in bodily self-consciousness during the rubber hand illusion.
Anterior insular cortex activity to emotional salience of voices in a passive oddball paradigm
Altered Functional Response to Risky Choice in HIV Infection.
Voice Recognition in Face-Blind Patients.
Adolescent neighborhood quality predicts adult dACC response to social exclusion.
Brain structural abnormalities in behavior therapy-resistant obsessive-compulsive disorder revealed by voxel-based morphometry
Altered Functional Connectivity Patterns of the Insular Subregions in Psychogenic Nonepileptic Seizures.
Role of the anterior insular cortex in integrative causal signaling during multisensory auditory-visual attention.
Updating working memory in aircraft noise and speech noise causes different fMRI activations
Disentangling the attention network test: behavioral, event related potentials, and neural source analyses
Neuroimaging and psychophysiological investigation of the link between anxiety, enhanced affective reactivity and interoception in people with joint hypermobility
The role of mirroring and mentalizing networks in mediating action intentions in autism
Relative valuation of pain in human orbitofrontal cortex.
Dissociable roles of right inferior frontal cortex and anterior insula in inhibitory control: evidence from intrinsic and task-related functional parcellation, connectivity, and response profile analy
Distributed neural representations of logical arguments in school-age children.
Examining dorsal striatum in cognitive effort using Parkinson's disease and fMRI
Identifying the Core Components of Emotional Intelligence: Evidence from Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuations during Resting State.
A penny for your thoughts! patterns of fMRI activity reveal the content and the spatial topography of visual mental images.
Working memory training improves emotional states of healthy individuals.
An fMRI study on the influence of sommeliers' expertise on the integration of flavor.
Neural substrates of similarity and rule-based strategies in judgment.
The role of the precuneus in metaphor comprehension: evidence from an fMRI study in people with schizophrenia and healthy participants.
Magnetoencephalographic alpha band connectivity reveals differential default mode network interactions during focused attention and open monitoring meditation
Relationship between herpes simplex virus-1-specific antibody titers and cortical brain damage in Alzheimer’s disease and amnestic mild cognitive impairment
Virtual Reality Based Support System for Layout Planning and Programming of an Industrial Robotic Work Cell
Distinct fronto-striatal couplings reveal the double-faced nature of response-outcome relations in instruction-based learning.
Reading acceleration training changes brain circuitry in children with reading difficulties
Winning and losing: differences in reward and punishment sensitivity between smokers and nonsmokers.
Correlations between brain structures and study time at home in healthy children: a longitudinal analysis.
Close-range blast exposure is associated with altered functional connectivity in Veterans independent of concussion symptoms at time of exposure.
fMRI identifies the right inferior frontal cortex as the brain region where time interval processing is altered by negative emotional arousal.
Impaired Cross-Talk between Mesolimbic Food Reward Processing and Metabolic Signaling Predicts Body Mass Index.
Different neural systems contribute to semantic bias and conflict detection in the inclusion fallacy task.
Asymmetrical Effect of Levodopa on the Neural Activity of Motor Regions in PD.
Heterogeneity of neural mechanisms of response to pivotal response treatment.
Altered Network Oscillations and Functional Connectivity Dynamics in Children Born Very Preterm.
Altered resting-state amygdala functional connectivity after 36 hours of total sleep deprivation.
Police culture influences the brain function underlying compassion: a gender study.
Investigating the neural bases for intra-subject cognitive efficiency changes using functional magnetic resonance imaging
More than just two sexes: the neural correlates of voice gender perception in gender dysphoria.
Voluntary modulation of anterior cingulate response to negative feedback.
Multimodal neuroimaging evidence of alterations in cortical structure and function in HIV-infected older adults
Sex differences in cognitive regulation of psychosocial achievement stress: Brain and behavior.
Arterial spin labelling reveals prolonged arterial arrival time in idiopathic Parkinson's disease.
Neural compensation in adulthood following very preterm birth demonstrated during a visual paired associates learning task.
Links between white matter microstructure and cortisol reactivity to stress in early childhood: Evidence for moderation by parenting.
Disrupted functional connectivity of the periaqueductal gray in chronic low back pain.
Preterm birth and structural brain alterations in early adulthood
Aberrant spontaneous brain activity in chronic tinnitus patients revealed by resting-state functional MRI.
Insula and striatum activity in effort-related monetary reward processing in gambling disorder: The role of depressive symptomatology.
Resting state connectivity correlates with drug and placebo response in fibromyalgia patients.
Functional and structural changes in the brain associated with the increase in muscle sympathetic nerve activity in obstructive sleep apnoea.
Reduced cortical thickness associated with visceral fat and BMI
Functional neuroimaging of conversion disorder: The role of ancillary activation.
Intrinsic brain networks normalize with treatment in pediatric complex regional pain syndrome
Atypical perception of affective prosody in Autism Spectrum Disorder.
Cortical plasticity in episodic and chronic cluster headache.
Neural mechanisms underlying the computation of hierarchical tree structures in mathematics.
Dedifferentiation of emotion regulation strategies in the aging brain
The influence of age and mild cognitive impairment on associative memory performance and underlying brain networks.
Developmental Changes in Brain Function Underlying Inhibitory Control in Autism Spectrum Disorders
Associations of Resting-State fMRI Functional Connectivity with Flow-BOLD Coupling and Regional Vasculature
Dissecting Neural Responses to Temporal Prediction, Attention, and Memory: Effects of Reward Learning and Interoception on Time Perception.
Brain activation associated with active and passive lower limb stepping.
Identification of Pre-Spike Network in Patients with Mesial Temporal Lobe Epilepsy
Acupuncture-Related Modulation of Pain-Associated Brain Networks During Electrical Pain Stimulation: A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Brain Structural Correlates of Risk-Taking Behavior and Effects of Peer Influence in Adolescents
Structural similarity exerts opposing effects on perceptual differentiation and categorization: an FMRI study.
Patterns of modulation in the activity and connectivity of motor cortex during the repeated generation of movement sequences.
Anatomical connections of the visual word form area.
Differentiating intended sensory outcome from underlying motor actions in the human brain.
Effects of overnight fasting on working memory-related brain network: An fMRI study.
Microstructural Abnormality in Left Nucleus Accumbens Predicts Dysfunctional Beliefs in Treatment-Resistant Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder
Frontopolar activity and connectivity support dynamic conscious augmentation of creative state.
Impact of COMT Val158Met-polymorphism on appetitive conditioning and amygdala/prefrontal effective connectivity.
Maximizing negative correlations in resting-state functional connectivity MRI by time-lag.
Of 'disgrace' and 'pain' - corticolimbic interaction patterns for disorder-relevant and emotional words in social phobia.
Grey and white matter correlates of recent and remote autobiographical memory retrieval--insights from the dementias.
Compassion, guilt and innocence: An fMRI study of responses to victims who are responsible for their fate.
Neural correlates of object size and object location during grasping actions.
Resting-state functional connectivity in anterior cingulate cortex in normal aging
Neural networks involved in learning lexical-semantic and syntactic information in a second language
Meta-Analyses of Developing Brain Function in High-Risk and Emerged Bipolar Disorder
Constructing, Perceiving, and Maintaining Scenes: Hippocampal Activity and Connectivity.
Effects of Beta-Amyloid on Resting State Functional Connectivity Within and Between Networks Reflect Known Patterns of Regional Vulnerability
Diffusion Tensor Imaging of Parkinson’s Disease, Multiple System Atrophy and Progressive Supranuclear Palsy: A Tract-Based Spatial Statistics Study
Examining gray matter structures associated with individual differences in global life satisfaction in a large sample of young adults.
Neural correlates of generation and inhibition of verbal association patterns in mood disorders.
Low Message Sensation Health Promotion Videos Are Better Remembered and Activate Areas of the Brain Associated with Memory Encoding
Strong rightward lateralization of the dorsal attentional network in left-handers with right sighting-eye: An evolutionary advantage.
Brain activity associated with illusory correlations in animal phobia.
Learning to minimize efforts versus maximizing rewards: computational principles and neural correlates.
Functional compensation in the ventromedial prefrontal cortex improves memory-dependent decisions in older adults.
Negative Blood Oxygen Level Dependent Signals During Speech Comprehension
Working memory in preterm-born adults: Load-dependent compensatory activity of the posterior default mode network.
Different neural pathways linking personality traits and eudaimonic well-being: a resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Distinct Functional and Macrostructural Brain Changes in Parkinson’s Disease and Multiple System Atrophy
A network centred on the inferior frontal cortex is critically involved in levodopa-induced dyskinesias.
Altered dynamics between neural systems sub-serving decisions for unhealthy food.
Neurophysiological evidence for whole form retrieval of complex derived words: a mismatch negativity study
Oxytocin and vasopressin effects on the neural response to social cooperation are modulated by sex in humans.
Mapping the relationship between subgenual cingulate cortex functional connectivity and depressive symptoms across adolescence.
Virtual water maze learning in human increases functional connectivity between posterior hippocampus and dorsal caudate.
Laminar activity in the hippocampus and entorhinal cortex related to novelty and episodic encoding
Towards a constructionist approach to emotions: verification of the three-dimensional model of affect with EEG-independent component analysis
Neural and sympathetic activity associated with exploration in decision-making: further evidence for involvement of insula
Reading the dyslexic brain: multiple dysfunctional routes revealed by a new meta-analysis of PET and fMRI activation studies
A neurobiological enquiry into the origins of our experience of the sublime and beautiful.
Parallel processing of face and house stimuli by V1 and specialized visual areas: a magnetoencephalographic (MEG) study
Hemodynamic Response Pattern of Spatial Cueing is Different for Social and Symbolic Cues.
Interactions between dorsolateral and ventromedial prefrontal cortex underlie context-dependent stimulus valuation in goal-directed choice.
A common neural code for perceived and inferred emotion.
Neural correlates of intentional switching from ternary to binary meter in a musical hemiola pattern
Multi-voxel pattern analysis (MVPA) reveals abnormal fMRI activity in both the "core" and "extended" face network in congenital prosopagnosia.
Disruption of thalamic functional connectivity is a neural correlate of dexmedetomidine-induced unconsciousness
White matter maturation profiles through early childhood predict general cognitive ability.
Disrupted Small World Topology and Modular Organization of Functional Networks in Late Life Depression with and without Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment
Prefrontal engagement by cognitive reappraisal of negative faces.
Decreased amygdala-insula resting state connectivity in behaviorally and emotionally dysregulated youth.
Relevance of parahippocampal-locus coeruleus connectivity to memory in early dementia.
Motion area V5/MT+ response to global motion in the absence of V1 resembles early visual cortex.
Environmental heat stress enhances mental fatigue during sustained attention task performing: Evidence from an ASL perfusion study
Neural Correlates of Fixation Duration during Real-world Scene Viewing: Evidence from Fixation-related (FIRE) fMRI.
Increased cortical thickness and altered functional connectivity of the right superior temporal gyrus in left-handers.
Functional neuroanatomy of executive function after neonatal brain injury in adults who were born very preterm.
Ability to maintain internal arousal and motivation modulates brain responses to emotions.
The functional anatomy and connectivity of thought insertion and alien control of movement.
Can we simulate an action that we temporarily cannot perform?
Assessment of Competence in Surgical Skills Using Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging: A Feasibility Study
Concurrent and lasting effects of emotion regulation on amygdala response in adolescence and young adulthood
Neural basis of altered physical and social causality judgements in schizophrenia.
Occipital sources of resting-state alpha rhythms are related to local gray matter density in subjects with amnesic mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer's disease.
Neural structure and social dysfunction in individuals at clinical high risk for psychosis.
Intergenerational transmission of fronto-parietal dysfunction during forethought in attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder: a pilot study.
Reaction Time Variability and Related Brain Activity in Methamphetamine Psychosis.
Anterior and posterior MTL networks in aging and MCI.
Decreased functional connectivity in an executive control network is related to impaired executive function in Internet gaming disorder
Disruptive changes of cerebellar functional connectivity with the default mode network in schizophrenia.
Affect differentially modulates brain activation in uni- and multisensory body-voice perception.
Brain network activity in monolingual and bilingual older adults.
Disruption of structural covariance networks for language in autism is modulated by verbal ability.
Brain source localization of MMN, P300 and N400: Aging and gender differences
How do conceptual representations interact with processing demands: An fMRI study on action- and abstract-related words.
Performance monitoring and behavioral adaptation during task switching: An fMRI study
Alterations in brain connectivity in three sub-regions of the anterior cingulate cortex in heroin-dependent individuals: Evidence from resting state fMRI
Illusion-related brain activations: a new virtual reality mirror box system for use during functional magnetic resonance imaging.
White matter integrity and cognitive performance in children with prenatal methamphetamine exposure.
Similarities between explicit and implicit motor imagery in mental rotation of hands: an EEG study.
Language and task switching in the bilingual brain: Bilinguals are staying, not switching, experts.
Neural correlates of spelling difficulties in Alzheimer's disease.
Neural changes associated with the generation of specific past and future events in depression
Degradation of cognitive timing mechanisms in behavioural variant frontotemporal dementia
Prefrontal and parietal activity is modulated by the rule complexity of inductive reasoning and can be predicted by a cognitive model.
The effects of energy balance, obesity-proneness and sex on the neuronal response to sweet taste.
A pilot randomized trial of a cognitive reappraisal obesity prevention program
Integration of cognitive and affective networks in humor comprehension.
Learning to read words in a new language shapes the neural organization of the prior languages.
Altered neural correlates of reward and loss processing during simulated slot-machine fMRI in pathological gambling and cocaine dependence.
Early brain changes associated with psychotherapy in major depressive disorder revealed by resting-state fMRI: evidence for the top-down regulation theory.
Extra tree forests for sub-acute ischemic stroke lesion segmentation in MR sequences.
Nonparametric variogram modeling with hole effect structure in analyzing the spatial characteristics of fMRI data.
The neural correlates of emotional face-processing in adolescent depression: a dimensional approach focusing on anhedonia and illness severity.
Altered gray matter density and disrupted functional connectivity of the amygdala in adults with Internet gaming disorder
Using a combination of fMRI and anterior temporal lobe rTMS to measure intrinsic and induced activation changes across the semantic cognition network.
Evidence that transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) generates little-to-no reliable neurophysiologic effect beyond MEP amplitude modulation in healthy human subjects: A systematic review.
Neural correlates of second-language communication and the effect of language anxiety.
Extraversion mediates the relationship between structural variations in the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex and social well-being.
Tasting calories differentially affects brain activation during hunger and satiety.
Pre-stimulus neural activity predicts successful encoding of inter-item associations.
Task-specific brain reorganization in motor recovery induced by a hybrid-rehabilitation combining training with brain stimulation after stroke.
Association of brain-derived neurotrophic factor DNA methylation and reduced white matter integrity in the anterior corona radiata in major depression.
Clinical, cognitive, and functional connectivity correlations of resting-state intrinsic brain activity alterations in unmedicated depression.
Unidirectionally affected causal connectivity of cortico-limbic-cerebellar circuit by structural deficits in drug-naive major depressive disorder.
Creating external reminders for delayed intentions: dissociable influence on "task-positive" and "task-negative" brain networks.
Frequency-dependent functional neuromodulatory effects on the motor network by ventral lateral thalamic deep brain stimulation in swine.
Functional-structural degeneration in dorsal and ventral attention systems for Alzheimer's disease, amnestic mild cognitive impairment.
Neural Activation During Mental Rotation in Complete Androgen Insensitivity Syndrome: the Influence of Sex Hormones and Sex Chromosomes.
A Neural Mechanism for Nonconscious Activation of Conditioned Placebo and Nocebo Responses
Evidence of timing effects on acupuncture: A functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Smoking automaticity and tolerance moderate brain activation during explore-exploit behavior.
Executive-affective connectivity in smokers viewing anti-smoking images: an fMRI study.
Maintenance of youth-like processing protects against false memory in later adulthood.
Cognitive and structural neuroimaging characteristics of schizophrenia patients with large, rare copy number deletions.
Left frontal lobe hypoperfusion and depressive symptoms in Alzheimer׳s disease patients taking cholinesterase inhibitors
Altered brain spontaneous activity and connectivity network in irritable bowel syndrome patients: A resting-state fMRI study.
The Ultimatum Game and the brain: a meta-analysis of neuroimaging studies.
Saguenay Youth Study: a multi-generational approach to studying virtual trajectories of the brain and cardio-metabolic health.
White matter diffusivity and microarchitecture among schizophrenia subjects and first-degree relatives.
Functional relevance of the precuneus in verbal politeness.
Obsessive-compulsivity and working memory are associated with differential prefrontal cortex and insula activation in adolescents with a recent diagnosis of an eating disorder.
Focal cortical dysplasia alters electrophysiological cortical hubs in the resting-state
Occipital cortical thickness in very low birth weight born adolescents predicts altered neural specialization of visual semantic category related neural networks
Impaired insight into illness and cognitive insight in schizophrenia spectrum disorders: resting state functional connectivity.
Altered default mode network functional connectivity in schizotypal personality disorder.
Both volumetry and functional connectivity of Heschl's gyrus are associated with auditory P300 in first episode schizophrenia.
Altered baseline brain activities before food intake in obese men: A resting state fMRI study.
Functionally dissociable influences on learning rate in a dynamic environment
The potential of infant fMRI research and the study of early life stress as a promising exemplar.
Initial and sustained brain responses to contextual conditioned anxiety in humans.
fMRI feedback enhances emotion regulation as evidenced by a reduced amygdala response.
Cerebral responses and role of the prefrontal cortex in conditioned pain modulation: an fMRI study in healthy subjects
Neuro-anatomical differences among epileptic and non-epileptic déjà-vu.
Language exposure induced neuroplasticity in the bilingual brain: A follow-up fMRI study.
Resting BOLD fluctuations in the primary somatosensory cortex correlate with tactile acuity.
Visual processing of words in a patient with visual form agnosia: A behavioural and fMRI study.
Damage to Left Frontal Regulatory Circuits Produces Greater Positive Emotional Reactivity in Frontotemporal Dementia
Brain activity during observation and motor imagery of different balance tasks: An fMRI study.
Marginal neurofunctional changes in high-performing older adults in a verbal fluency task.
Semantic variability predicts neural variability of object concepts.
Cortico-limbic network abnormalities in individuals with current and past major depressive disorder.
Contrasting and convergent patterns of amygdala connectivity in mania and depression: a resting-state study.
Immediate cerebral metabolic changes induced by discontinuation of deep brain stimulation of subcallosal cingulate gyrus in treatment-resistant depression
Object visibility alters the relative contribution of ventral visual stream and mirror neuron system to goal anticipation during action observation.
Conflict monitoring and error processing: New insights from simultaneous EEG–fMRI
Empathic concern drives costly altruism.
Structural abnormality of the hippocampus associated with depressive symptoms in heart failure rats.
The ventral fiber pathway for pantomime of object use.
Comprehensive neural networks for guilty feelings in young adults.
Anticipating action effects recruits audiovisual movement representations in the ventral premotor cortex.
Responsiveness and functional connectivity of the scene-sensitive retrosplenial complex in 7-11-year-old children.
Microstructure of frontoparietal connections predicts individual resistance to sleep deprivation.
Sparse network-based models for patient classification using fMRI.
Resting state functional connectivity changes induced by prior brain state are not network specific.
Neural correlates of the happy life: The amplitude of spontaneous low frequency fluctuations predicts subjective well-being.
Functional connectivity in BOLD and CBF data: similarity and reliability of resting brain networks.
Hierarchical multi-atlas label fusion with multi-scale feature representation and label-specific patch partition.
Beyond the word and image: characteristics of a common meaning system for language and vision revealed by functional and structural imaging.
Cortical thickness, surface area and volume measures in Parkinson's disease, multiple system atrophy and progressive supranuclear palsy.
Early MEG markers for reading Chinese phonograms: Evidence from radical combinability and consistency effects.
Effects of representational distance between meanings on the neural correlates of semantic ambiguity.
Modulation of cortical activity during comprehension of familiar and unfamiliar text topics in speed reading and speed listening.
Differential Recruitment of Executive Control Regions during Phonological Competition in Monolinguals and Bilinguals
Association between symptoms of psychosis and reduced functional connectivity of auditory cortex.
Once you feel it, you see it: Insula and sensory-motor contribution to visual awareness for fearful bodies in parietal neglect.
Consolidation time affects performance and neural activity during visual working memory.
Akinetic-rigid and tremor-dominant Parkinson's disease patients show different patterns of intrinsic brain activity
Sparse regularization techniques provide novel insights into outcome integration processes.
Resting-state functional connectivity alterations in the default network of schizophrenia patients with persistent auditory verbal hallucinations.
Central executive network in young people with familial risk for psychosis - The Oulu Brain and Mind Study.
Brain structural substrates of reward dependence during behavioral performance.
BOLD subjective value signals exhibit robust range adaptation.
Genome-Wide Association Study of Susceptibility to Infection by Mycobacterium avium Subspecies paratuberculosis in Holstein Cattle
Heightened eating drive and visual food stimuli attenuate central nociceptive processing
fMRI subsequent source memory effects in young, middle-aged and old adults.
Functional connectivity density alterations in schizophrenia.
Long-Term Effects of Musical Training and Functional Plasticity in Salience System
Sex Differences and Menstrual Cycle Phase-Dependent Modulation of Craving for Cigarette: An fMRI Pilot Study
Uncertainty in anticipation of uncomfortable rectal distension is modulated by the autonomic nervous system - A fMRI study in healthy volunteers.
Right anterior insula: core region of hallucinations in cognitive neurodegenerative diseases.
Typical and atypical neurodevelopment for face specialization: an FMRI study.
Increased Visual Stimulation Systematically Decreases Activity in Lateral Intermediate Cortex.
A two-part preliminary investigation of encoding-related activation changes after moderate to severe traumatic brain injury: hyperactivation, repetition suppression, and the role of the prefrontal cor
Functional MRI evidence for fine motor praxis dysfunction in children with persistent speech disorders
Neuroanatomical correlates of awareness of illness in patients with amnestic mild cognitive impairment who will or will not convert to Alzheimer's disease.
Increased brain activity to unpleasant stimuli in individuals with the 7R allele of the DRD4 gene.
Hunger does not motivate reward in women remitted from anorexia nervosa.
Acoustic cue selection and discrimination under degradation: Differential contributions of the inferior parietal and posterior temporal cortices.
Functional Connectivity Mapping of Regions Associated with Self- and Other-Processing
Frontoparietal networks involved in categorization and item working memory
Dysregulation between emotion and theory of mind networks in borderline personality disorder.
Emotion-Dependent Functional Connectivity of the Default Mode Network in Adolescent Depression.
Voxelwise meta-analysis of gray matter anomalies in Parkinson variant of multiple system atrophy and Parkinson's disease using anatomic likelihood estimation.
Altered intrinsic regional brain spontaneous activity and subjective sleep quality in patients with chronic primary insomnia: a resting-state fMRI study
Absent activation in medial prefrontal cortex and temporoparietal junction but not superior temporal sulcus during the perception of biological motion in schizophrenia: a functional MRI study
Body-selective areas in the visual cortex are less active in children than in adults.
Differentiating between visual hallucination-free dementia with Lewy bodies and corticobasal syndrome on the basis of neuropsychology and perfusion single-photon emission computed tomography
Correlation between Ventromedial Prefrontal Cortex Activation to Food Aromas and Cue-driven Eating: An fMRI Study
The tendency to trust is reflected in human brain structure.
Adolescent earthquake survivors' show increased prefrontal cortex activation to masked earthquake images as adults.
Neural correlates of causal attribution in negative events of depressed patients: Evidence from an fMRI study.
Neural substrates underlying stimulation-enhanced motor skill learning after stroke
Longitudinal Assessment of Neuroanatomical and Cognitive Differences in Young Children With Type 1 Diabetes: Association With Hyperglycemia
Simultaneous fMRI and EEG during the Multi-Source Interference Task.
Neuronal effects of nicotine during auditory selective attention.
Mu Opioid Receptor Binding Correlates with Nicotine Dependence and Reward in Smokers
Brain Networks Engaged in Audiovisual Integration During Speech Perception Revealed by Persistent Homology-Based Network Filtration
Abnormal functional connectivity density in Parkinson's disease.
Abnormal regional homogeneity in young adult suicide attempters with no diagnosable psychiatric disorder: A resting state functional magnetic imaging study.
Neural correlates of planning performance in patients with schizophrenia - Relationship with apathy.
Hippocampal dysfunction during declarative memory encoding in schizophrenia and effects of genetic liability.
How number line estimation skills relate to neural activations in single digit subtraction problems.
Effects of minocycline add-on treatment on brain morphometry and cerebral perfusion in recent-onset schizophrenia.
Brain structure in people at ultra-high risk of psychosis, patients with first-episode schizophrenia, and healthy controls: a VBM study.
Incentive Processing in Persistent Disruptive Behavior and Psychopathic Traits: A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study in Adolescents.
Semantic retrieval during overt picture description: Left anterior temporal or the parietal lobe?
Visual attention in preterm born adults: Specifically impaired attentional sub-mechanisms that link with altered intrinsic brain networks in a compensation-like mode.
The neural basis of social risky decision making in females with major depressive disorder.
The interaction of process and domain in prefrontal cortex during inductive reasoning.
The theory-of-mind network in support of action verb comprehension: Evidence from an fMRI study.
The impact of gradient strength on in vivo diffusion MRI estimates of axon diameter.
Medial frontal gyrus alterations in schizophrenia: Relationship with duration of illness and executive dysfunction.
The deaf utilize phonological representations in visually presented verbal memory tasks.
Maintaining a cautious state of mind during a recognition test: A large-scale fMRI study.
A Spatiotemporal Profile of In Vivo Cerebral Blood Flow Changes Following Intranasal Oxytocin in Humans.
Inter-hemispheric language functional reorganization in low-grade glioma patients after tumour surgery.
Altered resting-state connectivity in college students with nonclinical depressive symptoms.
Influence of Repressive Coping Style on Cortical Activation during Encoding of Angry Faces.
Accessing orthographic representations from speech: The role of left ventral occipitotemporal cortex in spelling.
Modality-Spanning Deficits in Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder in Functional Networks, Gray Matter, and White Matter
Initial investigation of the effects of an experimentally learned schema on spatial associative memory in humans.
Dopamine modulates the neural representation of subjective value of food in hungry subjects.
Menstrual cycle influence on cognitive function and emotion processing-from a reproductive perspective.
Real-time fMRI brain-computer interface: development of a "motivational feedback" subsystem for the regulation of visual cue reactivity.
Different Resting-State Functional Connectivity Alterations in Smokers and Nonsmokers with Internet Gaming Addiction
Structural Differences in Gray Matter between Glider Pilots and Non-Pilots. A Voxel-Based Morphometry Study
Is the whole the sum of its parts? Configural processing of headless bodies in the right fusiform gyrus.
The BDNF p.Val66Met polymorphism, childhood trauma, and brain volumes in adolescents with alcohol abuse
The effect of motor familiarity during simple finger opposition tasks.
Brain activity dynamics in human parietal regions during spontaneous switches in bistable perception.
Neural mechanisms underlying song and speech perception can be differentiated using an illusory percept.
Abnormal spontaneous neural activity in the anterior insular and anterior cingulate cortices in anxious depression.
The association between cortisol and the BOLD response in male adolescents undergoing fMRI
The relation between gray matter morphology and divergent thinking in adolescents and young adults.
Associations between age, motor function, and resting state sensorimotor network connectivity in healthy older adults
The effects of age on resting state functional connectivity of the basal ganglia from young to middle adulthood.
Optimized Brain Extraction for Pathological Brains (optiBET).
The functional −1019C/G HTR1A polymorphism and mechanisms of fear
Rapid treatment-induced brain changes in pediatric CRPS.
Genetic Predictor of Working Memory and Prefrontal Function in Women with HIV
Right is not always wrong: DTI and fMRI evidence for the reliance of reading comprehension on language-comprehension networks in the right hemisphere.
Brain regions involved in moxibustion-induced analgesia in irritable bowel syndrome with diarrhea: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Neurophysiological effects of acute oxytocin administration: systematic review and meta-analysis of placebo-controlled imaging studies
Changes in cerebral metabolism in patients with a minimally conscious state responding to zolpidem
Effects of Silexan on the Serotonin-1A Receptor and Microstructure of the Human Brain: A Randomized, Placebo-Controlled, Double-Blind, Cross-Over Study with Molecular and Structural Neuroimaging
In favor of general probability distributions: lateral prefrontal and insular cortices respond to stimulus inherent, but irrelevant differences.
Task dependent lexicality effects support interactive models of reading: a meta-analytic neuroimaging review.
The neural signature of information regularity in temporally extended event sequences.
Converging Medial Frontal Resting State and Diffusion-Based Abnormalities in Borderline Personality Disorder.
An fMRI Study of Neuronal Specificity in Acupuncture: The Multiacupoint Siguan and Its Sham Point
Altered Intrinsic Connectivity Networks in Frontal Lobe Epilepsy: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Self-Recognition of One's Own Fall Recruits the Genuine Bodily Crisis-Related Brain Activity.
Quantitative Magnetization Transfer Imaging as a Biomarker for Effects of Systemic Inflammation on the Brain.
Neural correlates of self-deception and impression-management
The special case of self-perspective inhibition in mental, but not non-mental, representation
The Anterior Temporal Face Area Contains Invariant Representations of Face Identity That Can Persist Despite the Loss of Right FFA and OFA.
Disruption of white matter integrity marks poor antidepressant response in bipolar disorder.
Altered spontaneous neuronal activity in chronic posttraumatic stress disorder patients before and after a 12-week paroxetine treatment.
When pain is not only pain: Inserting needles into the body evokes distinct reward-related brain responses in the context of a treatment
Multiparametric mapping of neurological soft signs in healthy adults.
The effect of age of acquisition, socioeducational status, and proficiency on the neural processing of second language speech sounds
Visuospatial complexity modulates reading in the brain.
Repetition suppression and repetition enhancement underlie auditory memory-trace formation in the human brain: an MEG study
Adaptive mechanisms of developing brain: cerebral lateralization in the prematurely-born.
Neural predictors of chocolate intake following chocolate exposure
Selective processing of buildings and faces during working memory: the role of the ventral striatum.
Aberrant amygdala functional connectivity at rest in pediatric anxiety disorders
Investigating the Neural Correlates of Voice versus Speech-Sound Directed Information in Pre-School Children.
Neural activation during response inhibition is associated with adolescents' frequency of risky sex and substance use
Neurobiological changes of schizotypy: evidence from both volume-based morphometric analysis and resting-state functional connectivity.
Cognitive reappraisal of peer rejection in depressed versus non-depressed adolescents: Functional connectivity differences
Inverse fluoxetine effects on inhibitory brain activation in non-comorbid boys with ADHD and with ASD.
A frontotemporoparietal network common to initiating and responding to joint attention bids.
Dynamic functional connectivity using state-based dynamic community structure: Method and application to opioid analgesia.
Disrupted cortical hubs in functional brain networks in social anxiety disorder.
Frequency-dependent alterations in the amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations in social anxiety disorder.
Connectivity in the human brain dissociates entropy and complexity of auditory inputs.
Age-related changes in reappraisal of appetitive cravings during adolescence.
Voluntary inhibition of pain avoidance behavior: an fMRI study.
How to be patient. The ability to wait for a reward depends on menstrual cycle phase and feedback-related activity.
Functional and Structural Alterations in the Cingulate Motor Area Relate to Decreased Fronto-Striatal Coupling in Major Depressive Disorder with Psychomotor Disturbances
Inner experience in the scanner: can high fidelity apprehensions of inner experience be integrated with fMRI?
Arterial spin labeling versus BOLD in direct challenge and drug-task interaction pharmacological fMRI
Common and unique representations in pFC for face and place attractiveness.
Making cognitive latent variables manifest: distinct neural networks for fluid reasoning and processing speed.
Brain white matter integrity and association with age at onset in pediatric obsessive-compulsive disorder
Resting state amygdala-prefrontal connectivity predicts symptom change after cognitive behavioral therapy in generalized social anxiety disorder
Cognitive correlates of gray matter abnormalities in adolescent siblings of patients with childhood-onset schizophrenia.
The perception of touch and the ventral somatosensory pathway.
Age differences in brain activity related to unsuccessful declarative memory retrieval.
Context-sensitivity of the feedback-related negativity for zero-value feedback outcomes
The effects of handwriting experience on functional brain development in pre-literate children
Cyanea capillata Bell Kinematics Analysis through Corrected In Situ Imaging and Modeling Using Strategic Discretization Techniques
Oxytocin Facilitates the Extinction of Conditioned Fear in Humans.
Maintaining vs. enhancing motor sequence memories: Respective roles of striatal and hippocampal systems
Neural Effects of Cannabinoid CB1 Neutral Antagonist Tetrahydrocannabivarin on Food Reward and Aversion in Healthy Volunteers
Involvement of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex and superior temporal sulcus in impaired social perception in schizophrenia
Personal experience with narrated events modulates functional connectivity within visual and motor systems during story comprehension.
Superadditive opercular activation to food flavor is mediated by enhanced temporal and limbic coupling.
Intrinsic functional brain mapping in reconstructed 4D magnetic susceptibility (chi) data space.
Cannabinoid Modulation of Amygdala Subregion Functional Connectivity to Social Signals of Threat
Patterns of Gray Matter Abnormalities in Schizophrenia Based on an International Mega-analysis.
Effect of Integrated Cognitive Therapy on Hippocampal Functional Connectivity Patterns in Stroke Patients with Cognitive Dysfunction: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Neural activation during anticipated peer evaluation and laboratory meal intake in overweight girls with and without loss of control eating.
Structural and functional connectivity mapping of the vestibular circuitry from human brainstem to cortex.
Anticipation of peer evaluation in anxious adolescents: divergence in neural activation and maturation.
Neural dissociation of food- and money-related reward processing using an abstract incentive delay task.
Emotional task management: neural correlates of switching between affective and non-affective task-sets.
Neural and cortisol responses during play with human and computer partners in children with autism.
Neural biomarkers for assessing different types of imagery in pictorial health warning labels for cigarette packaging: a cross-sectional study
A selective involvement of putamen functional connectivity in youth with internet gaming disorder.
Alteration of spontaneous neuronal activity within the salience network in partially remitted depression.
Early visual processing deficits in patients with schizophrenia during spatial frequency-dependent facial affect processing
Resting-state theta-band connectivity and verbal memory in schizophrenia and in the high-risk state
Common and distinct neural correlates of personal and vicarious reward: A quantitative meta-analysis
Ketamine interactions with biomarkers of stress: A randomized placebo-controlled repeated measures resting-state fMRI and PCASL pilot study in healthy men.
Developmental specialization of the left parietal cortex for the semantic representation of Arabic numerals: an fMR-adaptation study.
Frontal lobe hypoactivation in medication-free adults with bipolar II depression during response inhibition.
Neural activity related to cognitive and emotional empathy in post-traumatic stress disorder.
Competition between frontoparietal control and default networks supports social working memory and empathy.
Interactive effects of trait and state affect on top-down control of attention.
Structural and functional correlates of hypnotic depth and suggestibility.
Top-down controlled and bottom-up triggered orienting of auditory attention to pitch activate overlapping brain networks.
Amygdala subnuclei connectivity in response to violence reveals unique influences of individual differences in psychopathic traits in a nonforensic sample.
White matter abnormalities of microstructure and physiological noise in schizophrenia.
Determinants of brain SPECT perfusion and connectivity in treatment-resistant depression
Neurostructural correlates of two subtypes of specific phobia: a voxel-based morphometry study.
Precuneal and amygdala spontaneous activity and functional connectivity in war-zone-related PTSD.
Resting-state anticorrelations between medial and lateral prefrontal cortex: Association with working memory, aging, and individual differences.
Content-specific evidence accumulation in inferior temporal cortex during perceptual decision-making.
Early visual deprivation changes cortical anatomical covariance in dorsal-stream structures.
Brain activity modulation during the production of imperative and declarative pointing.
What it means to be Zen: Marked modulations of local and interareal synchronization during open monitoring meditation
Normalisation of brain connectivity through compensatory behaviour, despite congenital hand absence
Effects of methylphenidate during emotional processing in amphetamine users: preliminary findings.
Hierarchical organization of speech perception in human auditory cortex.
Tactile priming modulates the activation of the fronto-parietal circuit during tactile angle match and non-match processing: an fMRI study.
Cerebral oscillatory activity during simulated driving using MEG
Increased functional connectivity in intrinsic neural networks in individuals with aniridia
Frequency-specific network topologies in the resting human brain.
The neural substrates of natural reading: a comparison of normal and nonword text using eyetracking and fMRI.
Revisiting shyness and sociability: a preliminary investigation of hormone-brain-behavior relations
Children with dyslexia show cortical hyperactivation in response to increasing literacy processing demands
Cortical response of the ventral attention network to unattended angry facial expressions: an EEG source analysis study
The neural basis of implicit learning of task-irrelevant Chinese tonal sequence.
Deficits in task-set maintenance and execution networks in Parkinson's disease.
Distinct midbrain and habenula pathways are involved in processing aversive events in humans.
Spatial and temporal characteristics of error-related activity in the human brain.
Early-Course Unmedicated Schizophrenia Patients Exhibit Elevated Prefrontal Connectivity Associated with Longitudinal Change
Visual imagery influences brain responses to visual stimulation in bilateral cortical blindness.
Arbitration between controlled and impulsive choices.
Spatial imagery relies on a sensory independent, though sensory sensitive, functional organization within the parietal cortex: A fMRI study of angle discrimination in sighted and congenitally blind in
Functional connectivity pattern during rest within the episodic memory network in association with episodic memory performance in bipolar disorder.
Impulse control in the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex counteracts post-diet weight regain in obesity.
Localising semantic and syntactic processing in spoken and written language comprehension: an Activation Likelihood Estimation meta-analysis.
Compensatory fronto-parietal hyperactivation during set-shifting in unmedicated patients with Parkinson's disease.
Association between MAPT haplotype and memory function in patients with Parkinson's disease and healthy aging individuals.
Expectations of Task Demands Dissociate Working Memory and Long-Term Memory Systems.
Is avolition in schizophrenia associated with a deficit of dorsal caudate activity? A functional magnetic resonance imaging study during reward anticipation and feedback
Functional correlates of preserved naming performance in amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment
Neural activity associated with self, other, and object-based counterfactual thinking
Neural correlates of outcome processing post dishonest choice: An fMRI and ERP study.
Increased brain response to appetitive tastes in the insula and amygdala in obese compared to healthy weight children when sated
Patterns of neural activity in the human ventral premotor cortex reflect a whole-body multisensory percept.
Cortical reinstatement and the confidence and accuracy of source memory.
Effects of Electrode Drift in Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation
Skill dependent audiovisual integration in the fusiform induces repetition suppression.
Appraisal of brain connectivity in radiologically isolated syndrome by modeling imaging measures.
A cerebellar role in performance monitoring - evidence from EEG and voxel-based morphometry in patients with cerebellar degenerative disease.
Abstract categories of functions in anterior parietal lobe
Neural correlates of electrointestinography: Insular activity modulated by signals recorded from the abdominal surface
Task-based functional connectivity as an indicator of genetic liability to schizophrenia.
Mathematical framework for large-scale brain network modeling in The Virtual Brain.
Characterizing nonlinear relationships in functional imaging data using eigenspace maximal information canonical correlation analysis (emiCCA).
Subliminal versus supraliminal stimuli activate neural responses in anterior cingulate cortex, fusiform gyrus and insula: a meta-analysis of fMRI studies
Structural covariance networks of striatum subdivision in patients with Parkinson's disease.
Feasibility of Functional Neuroimaging to Understand Adolescent Women's Sexual Decision Making
The Representation of Object-Directed Action and Function Knowledge in the Human Brain.
Comparison of grey matter volume and thickness for analysing cortical changes in chronic schizophrenia: a matter of surface area, grey/white matter intensity contrast, and curvature.
Effect of an 8-week practice of externally triggered speech on basal ganglia activity of stuttering and fluent speakers.
Microscopic diffusion anisotropy in the human brain: reproducibility, normal values, and comparison with the fractional anisotropy.
Functional connectivity among brain networks in continuous feedback of finger force
Real-time fMRI training-induced changes in regional connectivity mediating verbal working memory behavioral performance
Increased interhemispheric functional connectivity in college students with non-clinical depressive symptoms in resting state.
Supramarginal activity in interoceptive attention tasks.
Dopaminergic Modulation of Cognitive Preparation for Overt Reading: Evidence from the Study of Genetic Polymorphisms.
Localized connectivity in depression: a meta-analysis of resting state functional imaging studies.
Long-term experience with Chinese language shapes the fusiform asymmetry of English reading.
Reduced neural connectivity but increased task-related activity during working memory in de novo Parkinson patients.
A functional magnetic resonance imaging study on the effect of acupuncture at GB34 (Yanglingquan) on motor-related network in hemiplegic patients.
Feasibility of simultaneous whole-brain imaging on an integrated PET-MRI system using an enhanced 2-point Dixon attenuation correction method
How Early Does the Brain Distinguish between Regular Words, Irregular Words, and Pseudowords during the Reading Process? Evidence from Neurochronometric TMS.
The default mode of human brain function primes the intentional stance.
Rescaling retinal size into perceived size: evidence for an occipital and parietal bottleneck.
Altered spontaneous brain activity in patients with hemifacial spasm: a resting-state functional MRI study.
Impaired regulation of emotion: neural correlates of reappraisal and distraction in bipolar disorder and unaffected relatives
Visual fatigue caused by watching 3DTV: an fMRI study
Challenging emotional prejudice by changing self-concept: priming independent self-construal reduces racial in-group bias in neural responses to other's pain.
Neurophysiological effects of sleep deprivation in healthy adults, a pilot study.
Sex-Dependent Dissociation between Emotional Appraisal and Memory: A Large-Scale Behavioral and fMRI Study.
Cerebellar Cortex and Cerebellar Nuclei Are Concomitantly Activated during Eyeblink Conditioning: A 7T fMRI Study in Humans.
An investigation of the neural substrates of mind wandering induced by viewing traditional Chinese landscape paintings.
Neural correlates of transitive and intransitive action imitation: An investigation using voxel-based morphometry
PTSD symptom severity is associated with increased recruitment of top-down attentional control in a trauma-exposed sample.
Individual differences in symptom severity and behavior predict neural activation during face processing in adolescents with autism.
Connectivity supporting attention in children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.
Fusion analysis of first episode depression: Where brain shape deformations meet local composition of tissue.
Linked alterations in gray and white matter morphology in adults with high-functioning autism spectrum disorder: A multimodal brain imaging study.
Early neural activation during facial affect processing in adolescents with Autism Spectrum Disorder☆
Evoked itch perception is associated with changes in functional brain connectivity.
Increased cortical surface area and gyrification following long-term survival from early monocular enucleation.
Source retrieval is not properly differentiated from object retrieval in early schizophrenia: An fMRI study using virtual reality.
Altered neural connectivity during response inhibition in adolescents with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder and their unaffected siblings.
Altered cognition-related brain activity and interactions with acute pain in migraine.
Overlapping neural circuits for visual attention and eye movements in the human cerebellum.
Functional resting-state connectivity of the human motor network: Differences between right- and left-handers.
A number-form area in the blind
A study on the specificity of the association between hippocampal volume and delayed primacy performance in cognitively intact elderly individuals.
Interoceptive awareness changes the posterior insula functional connectivity profile.
Evidence for reduced efficiency and successful compensation in older adults during task switching.
Secondary hyperalgesia phenotypes exhibit differences in brain activation during noxious stimulation.
The role of the thalamus in schizophrenia from a neuroimaging perspective.
APOE ɛ4 constrains engagement of encoding-related compensatory networks in amnestic mild cognitive impairment.
Neural indicators of emotion regulation via acceptance vs reappraisal in remitted major depressive disorder.
Neural Mechanisms of Emotion Regulation in Autism Spectrum Disorder.
The link between testosterone and amygdala–orbitofrontal cortex connectivity in adolescent alcohol use
White matter neuroanatomical differences in young children who stutter.
A longitudinal study on intrinsic connectivity of hippocampus associated with positive symptom in first-episode schizophrenia.
Distinct functional connectivity of the hippocampus during semantic and phonemic fluency.
Getting on the same page: the neural basis for social coordination deficits in behavioral variant frontotemporal degeneration.
Multiple brain networks underpinning word learning from fluent speech revealed by independent component analysis.
Hippocampal Contribution to Implicit Configuration Memory Expressed via Eye Movements During Scene Exploration
Exploration of the dynamics between brain regions associated with the default-mode network and frontostriatal pathway with regards to task familiarity.
Consolidation in older adults depends upon competition between resting-state networks
Diffuse Decreased Gray Matter in Patients with Idiopathic Craniocervical Dystonia: A Voxel-Based Morphometry Study
Temporal lobe epilepsy: Decreased thalamic resting-state functional connectivity and their relationships with alertness performance
Enhanced amygdala-cortical functional connectivity in meditators.
Sensory-motor networks involved in speech production and motor control: an fMRI study.
Effects of endurance training on brain structures in chronic schizophrenia patients and healthy controls.
Pain-related autonomic response is modulated by the medial prefrontal cortex: An ECG-fMRI study in men.
Memory for shape reactivates the lateral occipital complex.
The hippocampus is sensitive to the mismatch in novelty between items and their contexts
Preschool anxiety disorders predict different patterns of amygdala-prefrontal connectivity at school-age.
Mean diffusivity of globus pallidus associated with verbal creativity measured by divergent thinking and creativity‐related temperaments in young healthy adults
The intrinsic resting state voice network in Parkinson's disease.
Reading in the brain of children and adults: A meta‐analysis of 40 functional magnetic resonance imaging studies
Episodic memory and self-reference via semantic autobiographical memory: insights from an fMRI study in younger and older adults.
Altered Brain Activation in Early Drug-Naive Parkinson's Disease during Heat Pain Stimuli: An fMRI Study
MRI Correlates of Parkinson's Disease Progression: A Voxel Based Morphometry Study
Gender Differences in Cerebral Regional Homogeneity of Adult Healthy Volunteers: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Asymmetric engagement of amygdala and its gamma connectivity in early emotional face processing.
Episodic Recollection Difficulties in ASD Result from Atypical Relational Encoding: Behavioral and Neural Evidence
Changes in Effective Connectivity Between Dorsal and Ventral Prefrontal Regions Moderate Emotion Regulation.
The Brain Basis of Positive and Negative Affect: Evidence from a Meta-Analysis of the Human Neuroimaging Literature.
The Effects of Age on the Neural Correlates of Recollection Success, Recollection-Related Cortical Reinstatement, and Post-Retrieval Monitoring.
Left dorsal speech stream components and their contribution to phonological processing.
Neural correlates of expected risks and returns in risky choice across development.
Dynamic modulation of the action observation network by movement familiarity.
Local morphology predicts functional organization of experienced value signals in the human orbitofrontal cortex.
Neural mechanisms for integrating prior knowledge and likelihood in value-based probabilistic inference.
Altered thalamic functional connectivity in multiple sclerosis
Unmasking Language Lateralization in Human Brain Intrinsic Activity.
The Nature and Neural Correlates of Semantic Association versus Conceptual Similarity.
Characterization of resting-state fMRI-derived functional connectivity in patients with deficiency versus excess patterns of major depression
Long-term use of psychedelic drugs is associated with differences in brain structure and personality in humans.
Rostral medial prefrontal dysfunctions and consummatory pleasure in schizophrenia: a meta-analysis of functional imaging studies.
Multiple modes of clearing one's mind of current thoughts: overlapping and distinct neural systems.
Evidence of stimulus correlated empathy modes – Group ICA of fMRI data
Long-lasting enhancements of memory and hippocampal-cortical functional connectivity following multiple-day targeted noninvasive stimulation.
Feeling addressed! The role of body orientation and co-speech gesture in social communication.
Resting state functional connectivity of the subthalamic nucleus in Parkinson's disease assessed using arterial spin-labeled perfusion fMRI.
Increased volume and impaired function: the role of the basal ganglia in writer's cramp.
The neural basis of impulsive discounting in pathological gamblers.
Does acute caffeine ingestion alter brain metabolism in young adults?
Default-mode network functional connectivity is closely related to metabolic activity.
Representation of visual symbols in the visual word processing network.
Altered salience network connectivity predicts macronutrient intake after sleep deprivation
Disrupted neural activity in unilateral vascular pulsatile tinnitus patients in the early stage of disease: Evidence from resting-state fMRI
Self-affirmation alters the brain's response to health messages and subsequent behavior change.
Visual Information Shapes the Dynamics of Corticobasal Ganglia Pathways during Response Selection and Inhibition.
Altered salience processing in attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.
Partial recovery of abnormal insula and dorsolateral prefrontal connectivity to cognitive networks in chronic low back pain after treatment.
Language and Visual Perception Associations: Meta-Analytic Connectivity Modeling of Brodmann Area 37
Brain white matter microstructure in deficit and non-deficit subtypes of schizophrenia.
Interaction between5-HTTLPRand 5-HT1Bgenotype status enhances cerebral 5-HT1Areceptor binding
Neural mechanisms underlying contextual dependency of subjective values: converging evidence from monkeys and humans.
Aberrant spontaneous low-frequency brain activity in male patients with severe obstructive sleep apnea revealed by resting-state functional MRI
Impact of hematocrit on measurements of the intrinsic brain.
Decrease in gamma-band activity tracks sequence learning
Distributed functions of detection and discrimination of vibrotactile stimuli in the hierarchical human somatosensory system.
Forever Young(er): potential age-defying effects of long-term meditation on gray matter atrophy
A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Assessment of Small Animals’ Phobia Using Virtual Reality as a Stimulus
Neural circuits for cognitive appetite control in healthy and obese individuals: an fMRI study.
Do bilinguals show neural differences with monolinguals when processing their native language?
Morphological derivation overflow as a result of disruption of the left frontal aslant white matter tract.
How the brain processes different dimensions of argument structure complexity: evidence from fMRI.
Evaluation of resting state networks in patients with gliomas: connectivity changes in the unaffected side and its relation to cognitive function.
Presupplementary Motor Area Contributes to Altered Error Monitoring in Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder.
Cognitive and neural correlates of the 5-repeat allele of the dopamine D4 receptor gene in a population lacking the 7-repeat allele.
Effective connectivity predicts future placebo analgesic response: A dynamic causal modeling study of pain processing in healthy controls.
Sensitivity to the temporal structure of rapid sound sequences — An MEG study
Orbitofrontal cortex, emotional decision-making and response to cognitive behavioural therapy for psychosis.
A pilot study of gray matter volume changes associated with paroxetine treatment and response in social anxiety disorder.
Neurobiological Impact of Nicotinic Acetylcholine Receptor Agonists: An Activation Likelihood Estimation Meta-Analysis of Pharmacologic Neuroimaging Studies.
The neurological underpinnings of cluttering: Some initial findings
An Examination of Rostral Anterior Cingulate Cortex Function and Neurochemistry in Obsessive–Compulsive Disorder
Introducing co-activation pattern metrics to quantify spontaneous brain network dynamics.
Optimizing methods for linking cinematic features to fMRI data.
Neural Correlates of Impulsive Aggressive Behavior in Subjects With a History of Alcohol Dependence
Oxytocin selectively facilitates learning with social feedback and increases activity and functional connectivity in emotional memory and reward processing regions.
Causal manipulation of functional connectivity in a specific neural pathway during behaviour and at rest
Long-term supratentorial brain structure and cognitive function following cerebellar tumour resections in childhood.
Distinct cerebellar lobules process arousal, valence and their interaction in parallel following a temporal hierarchy
Physics instruction induces changes in neural knowledge representation during successive stages of learning.
An fMRI study of cognitive control in problem gamers.
The magical activation of left amygdala when reading Harry Potter: an fMRI study on how descriptions of supra-natural events entertain and enchant.
Social norms shift behavioral and neural responses to foods.
Mirroring pain in the brain: emotional expression versus motor imitation.
Simulating fiction: individual differences in literature comprehension revealed with FMRI.
A proof-of-principle study of multi-site real-time functional imaging at 3T and 7T: Implementation and validation
Abnormal Functional Connectivity of the Amygdala-Based Network in Resting-State fMRI in Adolescents with Generalized Anxiety Disorder
Differential magnetic resonance neurofeedback modulations across extrinsic (visual) and intrinsic (default-mode) nodes of the human cortex.
Neural correlates of delusional infestation responding to aripiprazole monotherapy: a case report
Evidence of Conjoint Activation of the Anterior Insular and Cingulate Cortices during Effortful Tasks.
Epigenetic modification of the oxytocin receptor gene influences the perception of anger and fear in the human brain.
Modulation of the motor cortex during singing-voice perception.
Impact of Apolipoprotein E4 Polymorphism on the Gray Matter Volume and the White Matter Integrity in Subjective Memory Impairment without White Matter Hyperintensities: Voxel-Based Morphometry and Tract-Based Spatial Statistics Study under 3-Tesla MRI.
Associations between early adrenarche, affective brain function and mental health in children
The patterns of fractional amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations in depression patients: the dissociation between temporal regions and fronto-parietal regions.
Changes in thalamic connectivity in the early and late stages of amnestic mild cognitive impairment: a resting-state functional magnetic resonance study from ADNI.
Individual differences in sensitivity to reward and punishment and neural activity during reward and avoidance learning.
Intrinsic connectivity in the human brain does not reveal networks for 'basic' emotions.
Interaction between oxytocin receptor polymorphism and interdependent culture values on human empathy.
Involvement of the Motor System in Comprehension of Non-Literal Action Language: A Meta-Analysis Study.
Psychophysical and neurophysiological responses to acupuncture stimulation to incorporated rubber hand.
A Distributed Network Critical for Selecting Among Tool-Directed Actions
The emotion potential of words and passages in reading Harry Potter – An fMRI study
Modulating effect of COMT Val(158)Met polymorphism on interference resolution during a working memory task.
Abnormalities of structural covariance networks in drug-naive boys with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.
Gender Effects in Alcohol Dependence: An fMRI Pilot Study Examining Affective Processing
Emotion processing in joint hypermobility: A potential link to the neural bases of anxiety and related somatic symptoms in collagen anomalies
Functional connectivity classification of autism identifies highly predictive brain features but falls short of biomarker standards
MRI-based diagnostic biomarkers for early onset pediatric multiple sclerosis.
The relation of object naming and other visual speech production tasks:A large scale voxel-based morphometric study
Grey matter volume differences in non-affective psychosis and the effects of age of onset on grey matter volumes: A voxelwise study.
fMRI identifies chronotype-specific brain activation associated with attention to motion--why we need to know when subjects go to bed.
Sadness is unique: neural processing of emotions in speech prosody in musicians and non-musicians.
Resting-state regional homogeneity as a biological marker for patients with Internet gaming disorder: A comparison with patients with alcohol use disorder and healthy controls
Orienting of visuo-spatial attention in complex 3D space: Search and detection
Self-reported physical activity and objective aerobic fitness: differential associations with gray matter density in healthy aging
Functional Activation and Effective Connectivity Differences in Adolescent Marijuana Users Performing a Simulated Gambling Task
Microstructural White Matter Tissue Characteristics Are Modulated by Homocysteine: A Diffusion Tensor Imaging Study
Brain systems underlying encounter expectancy bias in spider phobia.
Decision Making: Neural Mechanisms: Neural basis of decision making guided by emotional outcomes
The neural basis of perceiving person interactions.
Effects of D-cycloserine on extinction of mesolimbic cue reactivity in alcoholism: a randomized placebo-controlled trial.
Amplitude of Low-frequency Oscillations in Parkinson's Disease: A 2-year Longitudinal Resting-state Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Brain structures and functional connectivity associated with individual differences in Internet tendency in healthy young adults.
Compassion-based emotion regulation up-regulates experienced positive affect and associated neural networks
Neural activity in the medial temporal lobe reveals the fidelity of mental time travel.
Influence of motivation on control hierarchy in the human frontal cortex.
Brain amyloid-beta burden is associated with disruption of intrinsic functional connectivity within the medial temporal lobe in cognitively normal elderly.
Converging evidence for the neuroanatomic basis of combinatorial semantics in the angular gyrus.
Seeking pleasant touch: neural correlates of behavioral preferences for skin stroking.
Changes in gray matter volume after microsurgical lumbar discectomy: a longitudinal analysis.
Altered retrieval of melodic information in congenital amusia: insights from dynamic causal modeling of MEG data
Effect of foreknowledge on neural activity of primary "go" responses relates to response stopping and switching.
Video game training and the reward system.
Are ambiguity aversion and ambiguity intolerance identical? A neuroeconomics investigation
Processes in arithmetic strategy selection: a fMRI study
An fMRI investigation of expectation violation in magic tricks
Cortical networks dynamically emerge with the interplay of slow and fast oscillations for memory of a natural scene.
Not All Attention Orienting is Created Equal: Recognition Memory is Enhanced When Attention Orienting Involves Distractor Suppression
A multimodal mapping study of conduction aphasia with impaired repetition and spared reading aloud.
Rhythmic finger tapping reveals cerebellar dysfunction in essential tremor
Functional mapping of dynamic happy and fearful facial expressions in young adults with familial risk for psychosis - Oulu Brain and Mind Study.
Cognitive enhancement of healthy young adults with hyperbaric oxygen: A preliminary resting-state fMRI study
Enhanced neural responsiveness to reward associated with obesity in the absence of food-related stimuli.
Between-hand difference in ipsilateral deactivation is associated with hand lateralization: fMRI mapping of 284 volunteers balanced for handedness
Frequency-Dependent Amplitude Alterations of Resting-State Spontaneous Fluctuations in Late-Onset Depression
Acute Effects of Alcohol on the Human Brain: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Validating a new methodology for optical probe design and image registration in fNIRS studies
Neural correlates of taste perception in congenital blindness.
Cerebrovascular reactivity measured with arterial spin labeling and blood oxygen level dependent techniques
Network activity underlying the illusory self-attribution of a dummy arm.
A human homologue of monkey F5c.
The neuroanatomical delineation of agentic and affiliative extraversion.
Familiarity differentially affects right hemisphere contributions to processing metaphors and literals.
Analyzing the association between functional connectivity of the brain and intellectual performance.
Successful decoding of famous faces in the fusiform face area.
From personal fear to mass panic: The neurological basis of crowd perception.
Brain morphology correlates of interindividual differences in conditioned fear acquisition and extinction learning.
Altered spontaneous brain activity in heavy smokers revealed by regional homogeneity.
Extensive Gray Matter Volume Reduction in Treatment-Resistant Schizophrenia
Activity in human visual and parietal cortex reveals object-based attention in working memory.
Selective increase of intention-based economic decisions by noninvasive brain stimulation to the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex.
Recency, repetition, and the multidimensional basis of recognition memory.
Resting-state functional connectivity and pitch identification ability in non-musicians.
Enhanced Neuroactivation during Working Memory Task in Postmenopausal Women Receiving Hormone Therapy: A Coordinate-Based Meta-Analysis.
Neural correlates of visual hallucinations in dementia with Lewy bodies
Lower dorsal striatum activation in association with neuroticism during the acceptance of unfair offers.
Functional connectivity patterns reflect individual differences in conflict adaptation.
Effects of chronic and acute stimulants on brain functional connectivity hubs.
Modulation in the mirror neuron system when action prediction is not satisfied.
Brain Activity during Lower-Limb Movement with Manual Facilitation: An fMRI Study
Exploring task-related variability in fMRI data using fluctuations in power spectrum of simultaneously acquired EEG.
Importance of punishment frequency in the Iowa gambling task: an fMRI study.
Fear-potentiated startle processing in humans: Parallel fMRI and orbicularis EMG assessment during cue conditioning and extinction.
Distinct neural networks underlying empathy for pleasant and unpleasant touch.
Increased premotor cortex activation in high functioning autism during action observation
Conceptual control across modalities: graded specialisation for pictures and words in inferior frontal and posterior temporal cortex.
Mirror neuron therapy for hemispatial neglect patients
Asymmetrical white matter networks for attending to global versus local features
Neural correlates of single word reading in bilingual children and adults.
Reduced fractional anisotropy in the anterior corpus callosum is associated with reduced speech fluency in persistent developmental stuttering.
Aural localization of silent objects by active human biosonar: neural representations of virtual echo-acoustic space.
The neural basis of deception in strategic interactions.
The late positive potential indexes a role for emotion during learning of trust from eye-gaze cues
Gestalt perception is associated with reduced parietal beta oscillations.
Robust regression for large-scale neuroimaging studies.
Motivation by potential gains and losses affects control processes via different mechanisms in the attentional network.
Differences between target and non-target probe processing--combined evidence from fMRI, EEG and fMRI-constrained source analysis.
Functional brain networks underlying detection and integration of disconfirmatory evidence
Improving reliability of subject-level resting-state fMRI parcellation with shrinkage estimators.
Prediction of brain maturity based on cortical thickness at different spatial resolutions.
Connectivity and functional profiling of abnormal brain structures in pedophilia.
Neuroimaging biomarkers to predict treatment response in schizophrenia: the end of 30 years of solitude?
Altered Intra- and Interregional Synchronization in Resting-State Cerebral Networks Associated with Chronic Tinnitus
Functional Changes in the Human Auditory Cortex in Ageing
Domain-independent neural underpinning of task-switching: an fMRI investigation.
Selecting category specific visual information: Top-down and bottom-up control of object based attention
Influence of dorsolateral prefrontal cortex and ventral striatum on risk avoidance in addiction: a mediation analysis.
Using Regional Homogeneity to Reveal Altered Spontaneous Activity in Patients with Mild Cognitive Impairment
Involvement of the left insula in the ecological validity of the human voice
Characterizing the associative content of brain structures involved in habitual and goal-directed actions in humans: a multivariate FMRI study.
Cortical Activity Predicts Which Older Adults Recognize Speech in Noise and When
Dopamine D2-receptor blockade enhances decoding of prefrontal signals in humans.
Changes in functional connectivity within the fronto-temporal brain network induced by regular and irregular Russian verb production.
Differential cerebral response to somatosensory stimulation of an acupuncture point vs. two non-acupuncture points measured with EEG and fMRI
Walking Speed and Brain Glucose Uptake are Uncoupled in Patients with Multiple Sclerosis
Enhanced identification of BOLD-like components with multi-echo simultaneous multi-slice (MESMS) fMRI and multi-echo ICA.
Auditory mismatch impairments are characterized by core neural dysfunctions in schizophrenia.
ERBB4 polymorphism and family history of psychiatric disorders on age-related cortical changes in healthy children.
Resting-State Functional Connectivity of Antero-Medial Prefrontal Cortex Sub-Regions in Major Depression and Relationship to Emotional Intelligence
Cortical reorganization in recent-onset tinnitus patients by the Heidelberg Model of Music Therapy
Noradrenergic stimulation modulates activation of extinction-related brain regions and enhances contextual extinction learning without affecting renewal
Directionality of large-scale resting-state brain networks during eyes open and eyes closed conditions.
Differences in Functional Brain Connectivity Alterations Associated with Cerebral Amyloid Deposition in Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment
Dissociation of anatomical and functional alterations of the default-mode network in first-episode, drug-naive schizophrenia.
Using data-driven model-brain mappings to constrain formal models of cognition.
The influence of orthographic depth on reading networks in simultaneous biliterate children.
The selective impairment of resting-state functional connectivity of the lateral subregion of the frontal pole in schizophrenia.
Side of motor onset is associated with hemisphere-specific memory decline and lateralized gray matter loss in Parkinson's disease
Resting State BOLD Functional Connectivity at 3T: Spin Echo versus Gradient Echo EPI
Functional neuroanatomical correlates of episodic memory impairment in early phase psychosis.
Cognitive Control Network Contributions to Memory-Guided Visual Attention.
Concept Representation Reflects Multimodal Abstraction: A Framework for Embodied Semantics.
Visual search for feature conjunctions: an fMRI study comparing alcohol-related neurodevelopmental disorder (ARND) to ADHD
Prefrontal hypoactivation during working memory in bipolar II depression
DISCRIMINATION OF SCHIZOPHRENIA AUDITORY HALLUCINATORS BY MACHINE LEARNING OF RESTING-STATE FUNCTIONAL MRI
Neural reactivity to visual food stimuli is reduced in some areas of the brain during evening hours compared to morning hours: an fMRI study in women.
Fronto-insula network activity explains emotional dysfunctions in juvenile myoclonic epilepsy: combined evidence from pupillometry and fMRI.
The Semantic Variant of Primary Progressive Aphasia: Clinical and Neuroimaging Evidence in Single Subjects
Microstructural Abnormalities in Children with Post-traumatic Stress Disorder: A Diffusion Tensor Imaging Study at 3.0T
Modulation of hippocampal theta and hippocampal-prefrontal cortex function by a schizophrenia risk gene.
Cortical functioning in children with developmental coordination disorder: a motor overflow study.
Compensatory motor network connectivity is associated with motor sequence learning after subcortical stroke.
Chronic Childhood Peer Rejection is Associated with Heightened Neural Responses to Social Exclusion During Adolescence
The development of the intrinsic functional connectivity of default network subsystems from age 3 to 5.
Winning is not enough: ventral striatum connectivity during physical aggression.
Mothers know best: redirecting adolescent reward sensitivity toward safe behavior during risk taking.
Exploring manual asymmetries during grasping: a dynamic causal modeling approach
Feel between the lines: implied emotion in sentence comprehension.
Practice structure improves unconscious transitional memories by increasing synchrony in a premotor network.
The inclusion of functional connectivity information into fMRI-based neurofeedback improves its efficacy in the reduction of cigarette cravings.
Rightward-biased hemodynamic response of the parahippocampal system during virtual navigation
Spinal cord-midbrain functional connectivity is related to perceived pain intensity: a combined spino-cortical FMRI study.
Neural substrates underlying the passive observation and active control of translational egomotion.
Dissociable cortical pathways for qualitative and quantitative mechanisms in the face inversion effect.
Disrupted thalamic resting-state functional networks in schizophrenia.
Love-related changes in the brain: a resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Functional characteristics of the brain in college students with internet gaming disorder.
Influence of epoch length on measurement of dynamic functional connectivity in wakefulness and behavioural validation in sleep.
Neural systems mediating decision-making and response inhibition for social and nonsocial stimuli in autism
Propensity to obesity impacts the neuronal response to energy imbalance.
Aberrant Functional Connectivity in the Default Mode and Central Executive Networks in Subjects with Schizophrenia – A Whole-Brain Resting-State ICA Study
Altered spontaneous brain activity in patients with acute spinal cord injury revealed by resting-state functional MRI.
Brain and behavioral evidence for altered social learning mechanisms among women with assault-related posttraumatic stress disorder
Functional brain imaging in survivors of critical illness: A prospective feasibility study and exploration of the association between delirium and brain activation patterns
The Roles of Left Versus Right Anterior Temporal Lobes in Conceptual Knowledge: An ALE Meta-analysis of 97 Functional Neuroimaging Studies.
Neural representation of swallowing is retained with age. A functional neuroimaging study validated by classical and Bayesian inference.
Comparison of regional gray matter volume abnormalities in Alzheimer׳s disease and late life depression with hippocampal atrophy using VSRAD analysis: a voxel-based morphometry study.
Dance experience sculpts aesthetic perception and related brain circuits
Functional MRI of music emotion processing in frontotemporal dementia
Immediate memory for “when, where and what”: Short‐delay retrieval using dynamic naturalistic material
Interindividual variability in functional connectivity as long-term correlate of temporal discounting.
The neuroanatomical basis of panic disorder and social phobia in schizophrenia: a voxel based morphometric study.
Same Same but Different. Different Trigeminal Chemoreceptors Share the Same Central Pathway
Neural activation in speech production and reading aloud in native and non-native languages
Distinct neural representations of placebo and nocebo effects.
Network-level reorganisation of functional connectivity following arm amputation.
Association between neuroticism and amygdala responsivity emerges under stressful conditions.
The neural correlates of sex differences in left-right confusion.
Evidence for an anterior-posterior differentiation in the human hippocampal formation revealed by meta-analytic parcellation of fMRI coordinate maps: focus on the subiculum.
Neural responses to others’ pain vary with psychopathic traits in healthy adult males
Effects of aripiprazole and haloperidol on neural activation during the n-back in healthy individuals: A functional MRI study.
Obesity is marked by distinct functional connectivity in brain networks involved in food reward and salience.
Neural correlates of adherence to extended-release naltrexone pharmacotherapy in heroin dependence
Increased ventral striatal activity during monetary decision-making is a marker of problem poker gambling severity
Tinnitus: A Large VBM-EEG Correlational Study
Self-harm in schizophrenia is associated with dorsolateral prefrontal and posterior cingulate activity
Adaptation to recent conflict in the classical color-word Stroop-task mainly involves facilitation of processing of task-relevant information.
Functional Neuroimaging Abnormalities in Psychosis Spectrum Youth
What can the brain teach us about winemaking? An fMRI study of alcohol level preferences.
High frequency functional brain networks in neonates revealed by rapid acquisition resting state fMRI.
Effective connectivity of brain regions related to visual word recognition: An fMRI study of Chinese reading.
Neural and behavioral correlates of extended training during sleep deprivation in humans: evidence for local, task-specific effects.
Amygdala responses to unpleasant pictures are influenced by task demands and positive affect trait.
Self-regulation therapy increases frontal gray matter in children with fetal alcohol spectrum disorder: evaluation by voxel-based morphometry
Default mode network, motor network, dorsal and ventral basal ganglia networks in the rat brain: comparison to human networks using resting state-fMRI.
Default mode network connectivity as a function of familial and environmental risk for psychotic disorder.
The Dissociative Subtype of Posttraumatic Stress Disorder: Unique Resting-State Functional Connectivity of Basolateral and Centromedial Amygdala Complexes
Neural control of enhanced filtering demands in a combined Flanker and Garner conflict task.
Contextual fear conditioning in humans using feature-identical contexts
Surface vulnerability of cerebral cortex to major depressive disorder.
Altered neural basis of the reality processing and its relation to cognitive insight in schizophrenia.
Microstructural changes across different clinical milestones of disease in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Hyperglycaemia, Insulin Therapy and Critical Penumbral Regions for Prognosis in Acute Stroke: Further Insights from the INSULINFARCT Trial
The subcortical cocktail problem; mixed signals from the subthalamic nucleus and substantia nigra.
Self-perspective leads to increased activation of pain processing brain regions in fibromyalgia
In a sweet mood? Effects of experimental modulation of blood glucose levels on mood-induction during fMRI.
Altered functional connectivity between medial prefrontal cortex and the inferior brainstem in major depression during appraisal of subjective emotional responses: A preliminary study.
Cerebral perfusion differences in women currently with and recovered from anorexia nervosa.
Autism: reduced connectivity between cortical areas involved in face expression, theory of mind, and the sense of self.
Adolescent heavy drinkers' amplified brain responses to alcohol cues decrease over one month of abstinence
Altered intrinsic brain activity in patients with familial cortical myoclonic tremor and epilepsy: an amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation study.
Manipulating motor performance and memory through real-time fMRI neurofeedback.
Endogenous testosterone levels are associated with neural activity in men with schizophrenia during facial emotion processing.
The neural correlates of semantic richness: evidence from an fMRI study of word learning.
Phonology and arithmetic in the language-calculation network.
Asymmetric development of dorsal and ventral attention networks in the human brain.
Do I know you? Examining face and object memory in frontotemporal dementia.
Structural and functional dysconnectivity of the fronto-thalamic system in schizophrenia: a DCM-DTI study.
The smelling of Hedione results in sex-differentiated human brain activity.
The neural basis of novelty and appropriateness in processing of creative chunk decomposition.
Multimodal effective connectivity analysis reveals seizure focus and propagation in musicogenic epilepsy.
Multiple brain networks contribute to the acquisition of bias in perceptual decision-making.
Neural evidence for the use of digit-image mnemonic in a superior memorist: an fMRI study.
Neural correlates of decision making after unfair treatment
Neural basis of nonanalytical reasoning expertise during clinical evaluation.
Racial bias in neural response to others' pain is reduced with other-race contact.
The neural correlates of emotion regulation by implementation intentions.
Frequency-dependent changes of local resting oscillations in sleep-deprived brain.
Diagnostic classification of schizophrenia patients on the basis of regional reward-related FMRI signal patterns.
Enhancing sensorimotor activity by controlling virtual objects with gaze.
Alterations of monetary reward and punishment processing in chronic cannabis users: an FMRI study.
Predicting moment-to-moment attentional state.
Responsibility modulates pain-matrix activation elicited by the expressions of others in pain
Brain Correlates of Cognitive Remediation in Schizophrenia: Activation Likelihood Analysis Shows Preliminary Evidence of Neural Target Engagement.
Category search speeds up face-selective fMRI responses in a non-hierarchical cortical face network
Differential patterns of functional and structural plasticity within and between inferior frontal gyri support training-induced improvements in inhibitory control proficiency.
Reduced default mode network suppression during a working memory task in remitted major depression
Studying memory encoding to promote reliable engagement of the medial temporal lobe at the single-subject level.
Differentiating the functional contributions of resting connectivity networks to memory decision-making: fMRI support for multistage control processes.
Exposure to childhood trauma is associated with altered n-back activation and performance in healthy adults: implications for a commonly used working memory task.
Default mode network dissociation in depressive and anxiety states.
End effects and cross-dimensional interference in identification of time and length: Evidence for a common memory mechanism.
The neural bases of the pseudohomophone effect: Phonological constraints on lexico-semantic access in reading
Neural correlates of high-risk behavior tendencies and impulsivity in an emotional Go/NoGo fMRI task.
Higher integrity of the motor and visual pathways in long-term video game players
A preliminary fMRI study of a novel self-paced written fluency task: observation of left-hemispheric activation, and increased frontal activation in late vs. early task phases.
Cognitive training-induced short-term functional and long-term structural plastic change is related to gains in global cognition in healthy older adults: a pilot study
A meta-analysis of functional reading systems in typically developing and struggling readers across different alphabetic languages
Differentiating self-projection from simulation during mentalizing: evidence from fMRI.
Experimentally induced thyrotoxicosis leads to increased connectivity in temporal lobe structures: A resting state fMRI study
Neural correlates of aberrant emotional salience predict psychotic symptoms and global functioning in high-risk and first-episode psychosis.
Effects of personal space intrusion in affective contexts: an fMRI investigation with women suffering from borderline personality disorder.
Effects of rTMS of pre-supplementary motor area on fronto basal ganglia network activity during stop-signal task.
Neural substrates of intention--consequence integration and its impact on reactive punishment in interpersonal transgression.
The relationship between fearfulness, GABA+, and fear-related BOLD responses in the insula.
Neural correlates of cognitive style and flexible cognitive control.
Why do we make mistakes? Neurocognitive processes during the preparation-perception-action cycle and error-detection.
Magnocellular-dorsal pathway function is associated with orthographic but not phonological skill: fMRI evidence from skilled Chinese readers.
Reduced cortical thickness in gambling disorder: a morphometric MRI study.
Classical conditioning in borderline personality disorder: an fMRI study.
Altered hemodynamic activity in conduct disorder: a resting-state FMRI investigation.
Amygdala signals subjective appetitiveness and aversiveness of mixed gambles.
The role of the frontopolar cortex in manipulation of integrated information in working memory.
Behavioral and fMRI evidence of the differing cognitive load of domain-specific assessments
Rivalry of homeostatic and sensory-evoked emotions: Dehydration attenuates olfactory disgust and its neural correlates.
Oxytocin reduces neural activity in the pain circuitry when seeing pain in others.
Shared dimensions of performance and activation dysfunction in cognitive control in females with mood disorders.
Structural and functional MRI abnormalities of cerebellar cortex and nuclei in SCA3, SCA6 and Friedreich's ataxia.
Memory detection using fMRI - Does the encoding context matter?
A splitting brain: Imbalanced neural networks in schizophrenia.
Insula tuning towards external eating versus interoceptive input in adolescents with overweight and obesity
How the brain predicts people's behavior in relation to rules and desires. Evidence of a medio-prefrontal dissociation.
Reliability of an fMRI paradigm for emotional processing in a multisite longitudinal study.
Altered organization of face-processing networks in temporal lobe epilepsy.
HIV infection is associated with attenuated frontostriatal intrinsic connectivity
Telling true from false: cannabis users show increased susceptibility to false memories
Processing of bilateral versus unilateral conditions: evidence for the functional contribution of the ventral attention network.
Gray matter atrophy in narcolepsy: An activation likelihood estimation meta-analysis.
Altered attention networks in benign childhood epilepsy with centrotemporal spikes (BECTS): A resting-state fMRI study
DNA methylation of the serotonin transporter gene (SLC6A4) is associated with brain function involved in processing emotional stimuli
Structural and functional differences in the cingulate cortex relate to disease severity in anorexia nervosa
The Neural Mechanisms of Re-Experiencing Mental Fatigue Sensation: A Magnetoencephalography Study
Hippocampus is place of interaction between unconscious and conscious memories.
Altered insular activation and increased insular functional connectivity during sad and happy face processing in adolescent major depressive disorder.
Blink-related dynamic switching between internal and external orienting networks while viewing videos
The Dual-Loop Model and the Human Mirror Neuron System: an Exploratory Combined fMRI and DTI Study of the Inferior Frontal Gyrus.
Physical Exercise Keeps the Brain Connected: Biking Increases White Matter Integrity in Patients With Schizophrenia and Healthy Controls.
Neural mechanisms of negative reinforcement in children and adolescents with autism spectrum disorders
Neurofunctional correlates of ethical, food-related decision-making.
Experience-Related Structural Changes of Degenerated Occipital White Matter in Late-Blind Humans – A Diffusion Tensor Imaging Study
The Neural Basis of Risky Choice with Affective Outcomes
The effect of beta-amyloid on face processing in young and old adults: A multivariate analysis of the BOLD signal.
Interactions between default mode and control networks as a function of increasing cognitive reasoning complexity.
Global and regional brain volumes normalization in weight-recovered adolescents with anorexia nervosa: preliminary findings of a longitudinal voxel-based morphometry study
Long-term total sleep deprivation decreases the default spontaneous activity and connectivity pattern in healthy male subjects: a resting-state fMRI study
Voxel-based meta-analysis of grey matter changes in Alzheimer’s disease
Superficial white matter as a novel substrate of age-related cognitive decline.
Aberrant brain activation of error processing among adults with attention deficit and hyperactivity disorder
Abnormal Brain Activity in Social Reward Learning in Children with Autism Spectrum Disorder: An fMRI Study
Flexible adaptive paradigms for fMRI using a novel software package 'Brain Analysis in Real-Time' (BART).
Puberty suppression and executive functioning: An fMRI-study in adolescents with gender dysphoria
An illustrated heuristic prototype facilitates scientific inventive problem solving: A functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Failure to deactivate medial prefrontal cortex in people at high risk for psychosis
Modulation of prefrontal functioning in attention systems by NPSR1 gene variation.
Neural correlates of taste and pleasantness evaluation in the metabolic syndrome.
ITI-007 demonstrates brain occupancy at serotonin 5-HT₂A and dopamine D₂ receptors and serotonin transporters using positron emission tomography in healthy volunteers.
Anatomical likelihood estimation meta-analysis of grey and white matter anomalies in autism spectrum disorders
Neural correlates of cerebellar-mediated timing during finger tapping in children with fetal alcohol spectrum disorders.
Age related-changes in the neural basis of self-generation in verbal paired associate learning.
Multimodal MRI and cognitive function in patients with breast cancer prior to adjuvant treatment--the role of fatigue.
Cerebellar gray matter and lobular volumes correlate with core autism symptoms
Diffuse alterations in grey and white matter associated with cognitive impairment in Shwachman-Diamond syndrome: evidence from a multimodal approach.
Dyslexic children lack word selectivity gradients in occipito-temporal and inferior frontal cortex.
Exposing asymmetric gray matter vulnerability in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis
Intrinsic patterns of coupling between correlation and amplitude of low-frequency fMRI fluctuations are disrupted in degenerative dementia mainly due to functional disconnection.
Decreased insular connectivity in drug-naive major depressive disorder at rest.
In Search of Multimodal Neuroimaging Biomarkers of Cognitive Deficits in Schizophrenia.
Are Autistic Traits in the General Population Related to Global and Regional Brain Differences?
Effects of active music therapy on the normal brain: fMRI based evidence.
"The Cooties Effect": Amygdala Reactivity to Opposite- versus Same-sex Faces Declines from Childhood to Adolescence.
Medial prefrontal cortical activity reflects dynamic re-evaluation during voluntary persistence
Structural brain abnormalities in postural tachycardia syndrome: A VBM-DARTEL study
Binding in working memory and frontal lobe in normal aging: is there any similarity with autism?
Altered baseline brain activity in experts measured by amplitude of low frequency fluctuations (ALFF): a resting state fMRI study using expertise model of acupuncturists
Plasma oxytocin explains individual differences in neural substrates of social perception.
Synchrony between sensory and cognitive networks is associated with subclinical variation in autistic traits.
Dysfunctional Activation and Brain Network Profiles in Youth with Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder: A Focus on the Dorsal Anterior Cingulate during Working Memory.
Magnetization Transfer Imaging of Suicidal Patients with Major Depressive Disorder
White Matter Integrity Supports BOLD Signal Variability and Cognitive Performance in the Aging Human Brain
Brain Activation During Emotional Memory Processing Associated with Subsequent Course of Depression
Brain activation during processing of angry facial expressions in patients with alcohol dependency
Effect of emotional arousal on inter-temporal decision-making: an fMRI study
Three-dimensional grammar in the brain: Dissociating the neural correlates of natural sign language and manually coded spoken language.
Association between regional white and gray matter volume and ambiguity tolerance: Evidence from voxel-based morphometry.
Native language experience shapes neural basis of addressed and assembled phonologies.
A job interview in the MRI scanner: How does indirectness affect addressees and overhearers?
The Neural Signature of Subliminal Visuomotor Priming: Brain Activity and Functional Connectivity Profiles.
Hippocampal subfield and medial temporal cortical persistent activity during working memory reflects ongoing encoding.
Personal involvement is related to increased search motivation and associated with activity in left BA44-a pilot study.
Emotion-motion interactions in conversion disorder: an FMRI study.
Aberrant default-mode functional and structural connectivity in heroin-dependent individuals.
The Neural Correlates of Spatial and Object Working Memory in Elderly and Parkinson's Disease Subjects
Dorsal striatum mediates cognitive control, not cognitive effortper se, in decision-making: An event-related fMRI study
Longitudinal alterations to brain function, structure, and cognitive performance in healthy older adults: A fMRI-DTI study.
Effect of direct eye contact in women with PTSD related to interpersonal trauma: Psychophysiological interaction analysis of connectivity of an innate alarm system.
The neural correlates of correctly rejecting lures during memory retrieval: the role of item relatedness.
Altered functional connectivity in the brain default-mode network of earthquake survivors persists after 2 years despite recovery from anxiety symptoms.
Sex differences in orbitofrontal connectivity in male and female veterans with TBI.
A pilot fMRI study of the effect of stressful factors on the onset of depression in female patients.
Regional age differences in gray matter diffusivity among healthy older adults.
Normalized activation in the somatosensory cortex 30 years following nerve repair in children: an fMRI study.
Recruitment of the default mode network during a demanding act of executive control
Language control in bilinguals: Intention to speak vs. execution of speech.
Goal- and retrieval-dependent activity in the striatum during memory recognition.
Effects of serotonin depletion on punishment processing in the orbitofrontal and anterior cingulate cortices of healthy women.
Brain functional plasticity associated with the emergence of expertise in extreme language control.
The Behavioral Relevance of Task Information in Human Prefrontal Cortex.
Functional MRI neurofeedback training on connectivity between two regions induces long-lasting changes in intrinsic functional network
Control over the strength of connections between modules: a double dissociation between stimulus format and task revealed by Granger causality mapping in fMRI
The language skeleton after dissecting meaning: A functional segregation within Broca's Area.
The neural basis of the abnormal self-referential processing and its impact on cognitive control in depressed patients.
Enhanced disease characterization through multi network functional normalization in fMRI.
A critical review of the neuroimaging literature on synesthesia.
Functional network mediates age-related differences in reaction time: a replication and extension study.
Neurofunctional correlates of environmental cognition: an FMRI study with images from episodic memory.
Brain responses to emotional salience and reward in alcohol use disorder.
The suppression of brain activation in post-deployment military personnel with posttraumatic stress symptoms.
Dysfunctional Noise Cancelling of the Rostral Anterior Cingulate Cortex in Tinnitus Patients
Goal or gold: overlapping reward processes in soccer players upon scoring and winning money.
Reward sensitivity modulates brain activity in the prefrontal cortex, ACC and striatum during task switching.
Perceived communicative context and emotional content amplify visual word processing in the fusiform gyrus.
Altered resting-state functional connectivity in cortical networks in psychopathy.
Pathological uncoupling between amplitude and connectivity of brain fluctuations in epilepsy.
Neural mechanisms underlying urgent and evaluative behaviors: An fMRI study on the interaction of automatic and controlled processes.
Distinct neural correlates of the preference-related valuation of supraliminally and subliminally presented faces.
Distinct loci of lexical and semantic access deficits in aphasia: Evidence from voxel-based lesion-symptom mapping and diffusion tensor imaging.
Reward Processing in Unipolar and Bipolar Depression: A Functional MRI Study
Context Memory Decline in Middle Aged Adults is Related to Changes in Prefrontal Cortex Function.
Proneness to social anxiety modulates neural complexity in the absence of exposure: A resting state fMRI study using Hurst exponent.
Neural Correlates of Error Processing in Young People With a History of Severe Childhood Abuse: An fMRI Study.
cTBS delivered to the left somatosensory cortex changes its functional connectivity during rest.
Neural circuitry mediating inflammation-induced central pain amplification in human experimental endotoxemia
Keeping an eye on the conductor: neural correlates of visuo-motor synchronization and musical experience
Dual logic and cerebral coordinates for reciprocal interaction in eye contact.
Action processing and mirror neuron function in patients with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis: an fMRI study.
Frequency-dependent changes in the regional amplitude and synchronization of resting-state functional MRI in stroke.
FDA cigarette warning labels lower craving and elicit frontoinsular activation in adolescent smokers.
Developmental sex differences in resting state functional connectivity of amygdala sub-regions.
Dissociating estimation from comparison and response eliminates parietal involvement in sequential numerosity perception.
Real-time EEG feedback during simultaneous EEG-fMRI identifies the cortical signature of motor imagery.
Neural correlates of positive and negative performance feedback in younger and older adults
Impaired Recognition and Regulation of Disgust Is Associated with Distinct but Partially Overlapping Patterns of Decreased Gray Matter Volume in the Ventroanterior Insula.
Frontoparietal Activation During Response Inhibition Predicts Remission to Antidepressants in Patients With Major Depression.
Conflict-related anterior cingulate functional connectivity is associated with past suicidal ideation and behavior in recent-onset schizophrenia
Differentiating neural systems mediating the acquisition vs. expression of goal-directed and habitual behavioral control.
Severely deficient autobiographical memory (SDAM) in healthy adults: A new mnemonic syndrome.
Inferior parietal and right frontal contributions to trial-by-trial adaptations of attention to memory
Reduced default mode network connectivity in schizophrenia patients.
Altered Brain Structure and Function Correlate with Disease Severity and Pain Catastrophizing in Migraine Patients12
Serotonin Transporter Gene Polymorphism Modulates Activity and Connectivity within an Emotional Arousal Network of Healthy Men during an Aversive Visceral Stimulus
Acute effects of the designer drugs benzylpiperazine (BZP) and trifluoromethylphenylpiperazine (TFMPP) using functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) and the Stroop task-a pilot study.
fMRI reveals neural activity overlap between adult and infant pain
Ketamine-Induced Modulation of the Thalamo-Cortical Network in Healthy Volunteers As a Model for Schizophrenia
Regional amplitude of the low-frequency fluctuations at rest predicts word-reading skill
Specific locations within the white matter and cortex are involved in the cognitive impairments associated with periventricular white matter lesions (PWMLs).
Altered resting-state functional connectivity of the insula in young adults with Internet gaming disorder
Auditory Feedback Differentially Modulates Behavioral and Neural Markers of Objective and Subjective Performance When Tapping to Your Heartbeat
Tract-based spatial statistics analysis of white matter changes in children with anisometropic amblyopia.
beta-Adrenoceptor blockade modulates fusiform gyrus activity to black versus white faces.
The EEG and fMRI signatures of neural integration: An investigation of meaningful gestures and corresponding speech.
Brain Circuit for Cognitive Control is Shared by Task and Language Switching.
Prediction During Natural Language Comprehension.
Aberrant functional connectivity of default-mode network in type 2 diabetes patients
The alterations in regional homogeneity of parieto-cingulate and temporo-cerebellum regions of first-episode medication-naive depression patients.
Static and dynamic posterior cingulate cortex nodal topology of default mode network predicts attention task performance.
The simple act of choosing influences declarative memory.
Neurogenetic variations in norepinephrine availability enhance perceptual vividness.
Interpersonal touch suppresses visual processing of aversive stimuli.
Linear Tuning of Gamma Amplitude and Frequency to Luminance Contrast: Evidence from a Continuous Mapping Paradigm
Clarifying the role of theory of mind areas during visual perspective taking: Issues of spontaneity and domain-specificity.
Dyslexia and voxel-based morphometry: correlations between five behavioural measures of dyslexia and gray and white matter volumes
Testing the inter-hemispheric competition account of visual extinction with combined TMS/fMRI
In our own image? Emotional and neural processing differences when observing human-human vs human-robot interactions.
Enhanced visuo-haptic integration for the non-dominant hand.
Cerebral processing of umami: A pilot study on the effects of familiarity.
Effect of Polymorphisms of Three Genes Mediating Monoamine Signalling on Brain Morphometry in Schizophrenia and Healthy Subjects
Recognition of personally familiar faces and functional connectivity in Alzheimer's disease.
Lost in spatial translation - A novel tool to objectively assess spatial disorientation in Alzheimer's disease and frontotemporal dementia.
Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis affects cortical and subcortical activity underlying motor inhibition and action monitoring.
The ties that bind: Group membership shapes the neural correlates of in-group favoritism.
Empathic control through coordinated interaction of amygdala, theory of mind and extended pain matrix brain regions.
Interoception in insula subregions as a possible state marker for depression-an exploratory fMRI study investigating healthy, depressed and remitted participants.
Neural mechanisms of goal-directed behavior: outcome-based response selection is associated with increased functional coupling of the angular gyrus.
History of Depression and Frontostriatal Connectivity during Reward Processing in Late Adolescent Boys
Structural Brain Correlates Associated with Professional Handball Playing
COGNITION-CHILDHOOD MALTREATMENT INTERACTIONS IN THE PREDICTION OF ANTIDEPRESSANT OUTCOMES IN MAJOR DEPRESSIVE DISORDER PATIENTS: RESULTS FROM THE iSPOT-D TRIAL.
Specific cerebellar and cortical degeneration correlates with ataxia severity in spinocerebellar ataxia type 7.
Functional Neuroimaging Correlates of Autobiographical Memory Deficits in Subjects at Risk for Depression
Suggestion-Induced Modulation of Semantic Priming during Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging.
Autobiographical deficits correlate with gray matter volume in depressed and high risk participants.
Automatic representation of a visual stimulus relative to a background in the right precuneus.
Functional connectivity alteration after real-time fMRI motor imagery training through self-regulation of activities of the right premotor cortex
Generators and Connectivity of the Early Auditory Evoked Gamma Band Response.
Dissociating visual and motor directional selectivity using visuomotor adaptation.
DIR-visible grey matter lesions and atrophy in multiple sclerosis: partners in crime?
Hearing colors: an example of brain plasticity.
Actor-recipient role affects neural responses to self in emotional situations
Theta and alpha EEG frequency interplay in subjects with mild cognitive impairment: evidence from EEG, MRI, and SPECT brain modifications
Altered resting-state functional connectivity of the frontal-striatal reward system in social anxiety disorder.
Distinct neural processes are engaged in the modulation of mimicry by social group-membership and emotional expressions.
Pain-Related Brain Activity Evoked by Active and Dynamic Arm Movement: Delayed-Onset Muscle Soreness as a Promising Model for Studying Movement-Related Pain in Humans
Auditory hedonic phenotypes in dementia: A behavioural and neuroanatomical analysis
5-HTTLPR differentially predicts brain network responses to emotional faces.
Brain bases of morphological processing in young children.
Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging of Motor Cortex Activation in Schizophrenia
EEG Single-Trial Detection of Gait Speed Changes during Treadmill Walk
Forgetting the best when predicting the worst: Preliminary observations on neural circuit function in adolescent social anxiety.
Grey matter volumes in treatment naive vs. chronically treated children with attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder: a combined approach.
Neural Correlates of Disturbed Emotion Processing in Borderline Personality Disorder: A Multimodal Meta-Analysis.
Impairments of thalamic resting-state functional connectivity in patients with chronic tinnitus
Long-and short-range functional connectivity density alteration in non-alcoholic cirrhotic patients one month after liver transplantation: A resting-state fMRI study.
Cortico-pallidal oscillatory connectivity in patients with dystonia.
Brain structure in schizophrenia vs. psychotic bipolar I disorder: A VBM study.
The impact of initiation: Early onset marijuana smokers demonstrate altered Stroop performance and brain activation.
Differences in Brain Adaptive Functional Reorganization in Right and Left Total Brachial Plexus Injury Patients
Increased mesolimbic cue-reactivity in carriers of the mu-opioid-receptor gene OPRM1 A118G polymorphism predicts drinking outcome: A functional imaging study in alcohol dependent subjects.
Symptom severity and disgust-related traits in borderline personality disorder: The role of amygdala subdivisions.
Functional organization of human subgenual cortical areas: Relationship between architectonical segregation and connectional heterogeneity
Reduced paralimbic system gray matter volume in schizophrenia: Correlations with clinical variables, symptomatology and cognitive function
Alterations in the limbic/paralimbic cortices of Parkinson's disease patients with hyposmia under resting-state functional MRI by regional homogeneity and functional connectivity analysis
Predicting stroop effect from spontaneous neuronal activity: a study of regional homogeneity.
Interhemispheric Functional and Structural Disconnection in Alzheimer's Disease: A Combined Resting-State fMRI and DTI Study.
Childhood poverty and recruitment of adult emotion regulatory neurocircuitry.
CREB-BDNF pathway influences alcohol cue-elicited activation in drinkers.
Developmental changes in the neural influence of sublexical information on semantic processing.
Interaction effect between handedness and CNTNAP2 polymorphism (rs7794745 genotype) on voice-specific frontotemporal activity in healthy individuals: an fMRI study.
The neural basis of testable and non-testable beliefs.
Altered effective connectivity model in the default mode network between bipolar and unipolar depression based on resting-state fMRI.
Imaging learned fear circuitry in awake mice using fMRI.
Domain-general involvement of the posterior frontolateral cortex in time-based resource-sharing in working memory: An fMRI study.
Nature of functional links in valuation networks differentiates impulsive behaviors between abstinent heroin-dependent subjects and nondrug-using subjects.
Gender-specific modulation of neural mechanisms underlying social reward processing by Autism Quotient.
Organization of the Human Frontal Pole Revealed by Large-Scale DTI-Based Connectivity: Implications for Control of Behavior.
Reading a Suspenseful Literary Text Activates Brain Areas Related to Social Cognition and Predictive Inference
Temporal dynamics of stress-induced alternations of intrinsic amygdala connectivity and neuroendocrine levels.
A Reliability-Based Track Fusion Algorithm
A common gustatory and interoceptive representation in the human mid-insula.
Specific default mode subnetworks support mentalizing as revealed through opposing network recruitment by social and semantic FMRI tasks.
Variation in functional connectivity along anterior-to-posterior intraparietal sulcus, and relationship with age across late childhood and adolescence.
An fMRI study of the functional mechanisms of Stroop/reverse-Stroop effects.
Emotional face expression modulates occipital-frontal effective connectivity during memory formation in a bottom-up fashion.
Aversive emotional interference impacts behavior and prefronto-striatal activity during increasing attentional control.
Mechanisms underlying selecting objects for action
Mathematics anxiety reduces default mode network deactivation in response to numerical tasks
Altered cerebellar connectivity in Parkinson's patients ON and OFF L-DOPA medication
Brain activity classifies adolescents with and without a familial history of substance use disorders.
Interhemispheric microstructural connectivity in bitemporal lobe epilepsy with hippocampal sclerosis.
Cerebral activations related to writing and drawing with each hand.
Relations among EEG-alpha asymmetry and positivity personality trait
The neural substrates for the different modalities of movement imagery
The role of visual saliency for the allocation of attention: Evidence from spatial neglect and hemianopia
Deviant white matter structure in adults with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder points to aberrant myelination and affects neuropsychological performance
Increased Cerebellar Functional Connectivity With the Default-Mode Network in Unaffected Siblings of Schizophrenia Patients at Rest.
Dissociated large-scale functional connectivity networks of the precuneus in medication-naive first-episode depression.
Analysis of correlation between white matter changes and functional responses in thalamic stroke: a DTI & EEG study.
Neurobiology of insight deficits in schizophrenia: An fMRI study.
Macro and micro structures in the dorsal anterior cingulate cortex contribute to individual differences in self-monitoring.
Neurobiological indicators of disinhibition in posttraumatic stress disorder.
The interference effect in arithmetic fact solving: An fMRI study.
The trajectory of disturbed resting-state cerebral function in Parkinson's disease at different Hoehn and Yahr stages.
The dorsal prefrontal and dorsal anterior cingulate cortices exert complementary network signatures during encoding and retrieval in associative memory.
As Working Memory Grows: A Developmental Account of Neural Bases of Working Memory Capacity in 5- to 8-Year Old Children and Adults.
Cognitive Improvement after Mild Traumatic Brain Injury Measured with Functional Neuroimaging during the Acute Period.
An fMRI-Based Neural Signature of Decisions to Smoke Cannabis
A New Paradigm for Individual Subject Language Mapping: Movie-Watching fMRI.
Functional and structural abnormalities associated with empathy in patients with schizophrenia: An fMRI and VBM study
Functional connectivity of the dorsal and median raphe nuclei at rest.
Amygdala processing of social cues from faces: an intracrebral EEG study
Monetary reward suppresses anterior insula activity during social pain
Responses in the right posterior superior temporal sulcus show a feature-based response to facial expression.
Brain structural changes in schizoaffective disorder compared to schizophrenia and bipolar disorder
Discovering networks altered by potential threat ("anxiety") using quadratic discriminant analysis.
Testing a dual-systems model of adolescent brain development using resting-state connectivity analyses.
Stimulus set meaningfulness and neurophysiological differentiation: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Aberrant function of learning and cognitive control networks underlie inefficient cognitive flexibility in anorexia nervosa: a cross-sectional FMRI study.
Altered Activation of Innate Immunity Associates with White Matter Volume and Diffusion in First-Episode Psychosis
Neural and Behavioral Correlates of Alcohol-Induced Aggression Under Provocation
Psychopathic traits are associated with cortical and subcortical volume alterations in healthy individuals.
Thirst and the state-dependent representation of incentive stimulus value in human motive circuitry.
Distinct and common cerebral activation changes during mental time travel in relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis patients.
The association between the brain and mind pops: a voxel-based morphometry study in 256 Chinese college students.
Control of Autonomic Function: Insights from Neurophysiological Studies in Conscious Animals (Including Humans): Coronary artery disease affects cortical circuitry associated with brain-heart integration during volitional exercise
An fMRI study of facial emotion processing in children and adolescents with 22q11.2 deletion syndrome
Humour processing in frontotemporal lobar degeneration: A behavioural and neuroanatomical analysis.
Resting State-fMRI with ReHo Analysis as a Non-Invasive Modality for the Prognosis of Cirrhotic Patients with Overt Hepatic Encephalopathy.
Slow Breathing and Hypoxic Challenge: Cardiorespiratory Consequences and Their Central Neural Substrates
Different Roles of COMT and HTR2A Genotypes in Working Memory Subprocesses.
Disentangling neural processes of egocentric and allocentric mental spatial transformations using whole-body photos of self and other.
Investigating the dynamics of the brain response to music: A central role of the ventral striatum/nucleus accumbens.
fMRI and MRS measures of neuroplasticity in the pharyngeal motor cortex.
Individualized relapse prediction: Personality measures and striatal and insular activity during reward-processing robustly predict relapse.
A high-resolution 7-Tesla fMRI dataset from complex natural stimulation with an audio movie
Tunes stuck in your brain: The frequency and affective evaluation of involuntary musical imagery correlate with cortical structure
Increased activity of frontal and limbic regions to emotional stimuli in children at-risk for anxiety disorders.
White matter diffusion abnormalities in patients with psychogenic non-epileptic seizures.
Affected functional networks associated with sentence production in classic galactosemia
Neural correlates of creative thinking and schizotypy.
Neuroticism modulates the effects of intranasal vasopressin treatment on the neural response to positive and negative social interactions.
Anatomical changes within the medullary dorsal horn in chronic temporomandibular disorder pain.
Between-network connectivity occurs in brain regions lacking layer IV input.
Common and distinct neural effects of risperidone and olanzapine during procedural learning in schizophrenia: a randomised longitudinal fMRI study.
Resting state signatures of domain and demand-specific working memory performance.
Increased short-range and long-range functional connectivity in first-episode, medication-naive schizophrenia at rest.
Affective context interferes with brain responses during cognitive processing in borderline personality disorder: fMRI evidence.
Neural correlates of audiovisual temporal processing – Comparison of temporal order and simultaneity judgments
Brain structural alterations associated with young women with subthreshold depression
Apolipoprotein E-dependent load of white matter hyperintensities in Alzheimer’s disease: a voxel-based lesion mapping study
Cerebral Asymmetry of fMRI-BOLD Responses to Visual Stimulation.
Dry phantom for magnetoencephalography —Configuration, calibration, and contribution
Stress, trauma and PTSD: translational insights into the core synaptic circuitry and its modulation.
Reduced cortical thickness, surface area in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: a surface-based morphometry and neuropsychological study.
Social working memory and its distinctive link to social cognitive ability: an fMRI study.
Not all declarative memories are created equal: Fast Mapping as a direct route to cortical declarative representations.
Simultaneous EEG-fMRI reveals brain networks underlying recognition memory ERP old/new effects.
Modality-independent neural mechanisms for novel phonetic processing.
An fMRI investigation into the effect of preceding stimuli during visual oddball tasks.
Neural mechanisms of the spacing effect in episodic memory: A parallel EEG and fMRI study.
Poorly controlled cholesterol is associated with cognitive impairment in T2DM: a resting-state fMRI study
Individual variation in the neural processes of motor decisions in the stop signal task: the influence of novelty seeking and harm avoidance personality traits.
Neuroanatomical substrates for the volitional regulation of heart rate
fMRI measurements of amygdala activation are confounded by stimulus correlated signal fluctuation in nearby veins draining distant brain regions
Individual Differences in Reward and Somatosensory-Motor Brain Regions Correlate with Adiposity in Adolescents.
Altered Gray Matter Structural Covariance Networks in Early Stages of Alzheimer's Disease.
Sex differences in intrinsic brain functional connectivity underlying human shyness.
Autonomic and brain responses associated with empathy deficits in autism spectrum disorder.
Dynamic network mechanisms of relational integration.
Decoding actions at different levels of abstraction.
Connections between Intraparietal Sulcus and a Sensorimotor Network Underpin Sustained Tactile Attention.
Basolateral amygdala response to food cues in the absence of hunger is associated with weight gain susceptibility.
The papez circuit in first-episode, treatment-naive adults with major depressive disorder: combined atlas-based tract-specific quantification analysis and voxel-based analysis.
Associated and dissociated neural substrates of aesthetic judgment and aesthetic emotion during the appreciation of everyday designed products.
Parietal lesion effects on cued recall following pair associate learning.
The neurobiological drive for overeating implicated in Prader-Willi syndrome.
Alterations to the attention system in adults with tinnitus are modality specific.
Activity in the brain network for dynamic manipulation of unstable objects is robust to acute tactile nerve block: An fMRI study.
A single dual-stream framework for syntactic computations in music and language.
Modulation of motivational salience processing during the early stages of psychosis.
Emotion regulation ability varies in relation to intrinsic functional brain architecture.
Relationship between structural brainstem and brain plasticity and lower-limb training in spinal cord injury: a longitudinal pilot study
Dissociation in decision bias mechanism between probabilistic information and previous decision.
Motor Inhibition during Overt and Covert Actions: An Electrical Neuroimaging Study
Neural Correlates of Attentional Flexibility during Approach and Avoidance Motivation.
The BDNF Val66Met polymorphism, resting-state hippocampal functional connectivity and cognitive deficits in acute late-onset depression.
Female Adolescents with Severe Substance and Conduct Problems Have Substantially Less Brain Gray Matter Volume
fMRI Study of Social Anxiety during Social Ostracism with and without Emotional Support.
Aberrant connectivity within the default mode network in first-episode, treatment-naive major depressive disorder.
The effect of body-mind relaxation meditation induction on major depressive disorder: A resting-state fMRI study.
Exercise intensity modulates the change in cerebral blood flow following aerobic exercise in chronic stroke.
The association of gray matter volumes in the frontoparietal attention network with temperamental effortful control in young adults: a voxel-based morphometry study.
Alterations in white matter integrity in first-episode, treatment-naive patients with somatization disorder.
Combined eye tracking and fMRI reveals neural basis of linguistic predictions during sentence comprehension.
Regional gray matter density is associated with morningness-eveningness: Evidence from voxel-based morphometry.
Generating original ideas: The neural underpinning of originality.
Brain network alterations and vulnerability to simulated neurodegeneration in breast cancer
Alteration of spontaneous neuronal activity in young adults with non-clinical depressive symptoms.
Pattern reactivation co-varies with activity in the core recollection network during source memory.
Functional brain networks involved in reality monitoring.
Spontaneous regional brain activity links restrained eating to later weight gain among young women.
Longitudinal Cortical Development During Adolescence and Young Adulthood in Autism Spectrum Disorders: Increased Cortical Thinning but Comparable Surface Area Changes
Sex differences in cerebellar mechanisms involved in pain-related safety learning
Cognitive insight in first-episode schizophrenia: Further evidence for a role of the ventrolateral prefrontal cortex.
Altered Functional Connectivity Strength in Abstinent Chronic Cocaine Smokers Compared to Healthy Controls
Dimensionality of ICA in resting-state fMRI investigated by feature optimized classification of independent components with SVM.
Brain activation in response to overt and covert fear and happy faces in women with borderline personality disorder.
Dynamic causal modelling of brain-behaviour relationships.
Distinct cognitive effects of estrogen and progesterone in menopausal women
Adolescent development of inhibition as a function of SES and gender: Converging evidence from behavior and fMRI.
Self-other disturbance in borderline personality disorder: neural, self-report and performance-based evidence
Community structure analysis of transcriptional networks reveals distinct molecular pathways for early- and late-onset temporal lobe epilepsy with childhood febrile seizures.
Semantic brain areas are involved in gesture comprehension: An electrical neuroimaging study
Trait-level temporal lobe hypoactivation to social exclusion in unaffected siblings of children and adolescents with autism spectrum disorders.
Reduced functional connectivity during controlled semantic integration in schizophrenia: A multivariate approach.
Task-related modulation of functional connectivity variability and its behavioral correlations.
Language Differences in the Brain Network for Reading in Naturalistic Story Reading and Lexical Decision
Do mirror glasses have the same effect on brain activity as a mirror box? Evidence from a functional magnetic resonance imaging study with healthy subjects.
Pictionary-based fMRI paradigm to study the neural correlates of spontaneous improvisation and figural creativity
Co-activated yet disconnected—Neural correlates of eye closures when trying to stay awake
Reinforcement learning in multidimensional environments relies on attention mechanisms.
Computational Substrates of Social Value in Interpersonal Collaboration
Cross-hemispheric collaboration and segregation associated with task difficulty as revealed by structural and functional connectivity.
Abnormal contrast responses in the extrastriate cortex of blindsight patients.
Widespread Changes in White Matter Microstructure after a Day of Waking and Sleep Deprivation
The (in)stability of functional brain network measures across thresholds.
Placebo Analgesia Enhances Descending Pain-Related Effective Connectivity: A Dynamic Causal Modeling Study of Endogenous Pain Modulation
Alterations of local spontaneous brain activity and connectivity in adults with high-functioning autism spectrum disorder
Grey matter morphological anomalies in the caudate head in first-episode psychosis patients with delusions of reference.
fMRI reveals lateralized pattern of brain activity modulated by the metrics of stimuli during auditory rhyme processing.
Neural correlates of active vision: An fMRI comparison of natural reading and scene viewing.
Abnormal regional homogeneity and its correlations with personality in first-episode, treatment-naive somatization disorder.
Reading, listening and memory-related brain activity in children with early-stage temporal lobe epilepsy of unknown cause-an fMRI study
Regional brain activation supporting cognitive control in the context of reward is associated with treated adolescents’ marijuana problem severity at follow-up: A preliminary study
Converging evidence from fMRI and aphasia that the left temporoparietal cortex has an essential role in representing abstract semantic knowledge.
Fluency-dependent cortical activation associated with speech production and comprehension in second language learners
This is your brain on Scrabble: Neural correlates of visual word recognition in competitive Scrabble players as measured during task and resting-state
Mapping cortical responses to speech using high-density diffuse optical tomography.
Neural correlates of the reverse Simon effect in the Hedge and Marsh task.
Obsessive-compulsive disorder – A question of conscience? An fMRI study of behavioural and neurofunctional correlates of shame and guilt
Comparison of Regional Gray Matter Atrophy, White Matter Alteration, and Glucose Metabolism as a Predictor of the Conversion to Alzheimer's Disease in Mild Cognitive Impairment
Cytoarchitectonic mapping of the human brain cerebellar nuclei in stereotaxic space and delineation of their co-activation patterns
Aggressive vocal expressions-an investigation of their underlying neural network.
The time course of altered brain activity during 7-day simulated microgravity
Autism spectrum traits in normal individuals: a preliminary VBM analysis
Functional neuroanatomy of auditory scene analysis in Alzheimer's disease.
Pain Modulation in Waking and Hypnosis in Women: Event-Related Potentials and Sources of Cortical Activity
Local brain gyrification as a marker of neurological soft signs in schizophrenia.
The medial temporal lobes distinguish between within-item and item-context relations during autobiographical memory retrieval.
The neuroplastic effect of working memory training in healthy volunteers and patients with schizophrenia: Implications for cognitive rehabilitation.
Decreased activity with increased background network efficiency in amnestic MCI during a visuospatial working memory task.
Fear responses to safety cues in anxious adolescents: Preliminary evidence for atypical age-associated trajectories of functional neural circuits
On the difficulty to communicate with fMRI-based protocols used to identify covert awareness
The neural correlates of movement intentions: A pilot study comparing hypnotic and simulated paralysis
Identifying brain functional alterations in postmenopausal women with cognitive impairment
Dual-echo fMRI can detect activations in inferior temporal lobe during intelligible speech comprehension.
Modeling Causal Relationship Between Brain Regions Within the Drug-Cue Processing Network in Chronic Cocaine Smokers
Alterations of Gray and White Matter Networks in Patients with Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder: A Multimodal Fusion Analysis of Structural MRI and DTI Using mCCA+jICA.
Neural Correlates of Post-Conventional Moral Reasoning: A Voxel-Based Morphometry Study
The Anterior Insula Tracks Behavioral Entropy during an Interpersonal Competitive Game.
Effects of oxytocin and vasopressin on the neural response to unreciprocated cooperation within brain regions involved in stress and anxiety in men and women.
Neurobiological mechanisms associated with facial affect recognition deficits after traumatic brain injury.
An fMRI study dissociating distance measures computed by Broca's area in movement processing: clause boundary vs. identity
Frontoparietal and Cingulo-opercular Networks Play Dissociable Roles in Control of Working Memory.
Medial Prefrontal Cortex: Adding Value to Imagined Scenarios
Abnormal amygdala function in Parkinson's disease patients and its relationship to depression.
Cannabis, Cigarettes, and Their Co-Occurring Use: Disentangling Differences in Gray Matter Volume
Probing the Cognitive Mechanism of Mental Representational Change During Chunk Decomposition: A Parametric fMRI Study.
Regional brain volume differences between males with and without autism spectrum disorder are highly age-dependent
Motor and Nonmotor Circuitry Activation Induced by Subthalamic Nucleus Deep Brain Stimulation in Patients With Parkinson Disease
Individual differences in cognitive performance and brain structure in typically developing children.
Investigating the brain basis of facial expression perception using multi-voxel pattern analysis.
Positron Emission Tomography Imaging Reveals Auditory and Frontal Cortical Regions Involved with Speech Perception and Loudness Adaptation
Better you lose than I do: neural networks involved in winning and losing in a real time strictly competitive game
The effect of flavanol-rich cocoa on cerebral perfusion in healthy older adults during conscious resting state: a placebo controlled, crossover, acute trial.
Mindfulness meditation training alters stress-related amygdala resting state functional connectivity: a randomized controlled trial.
Fear extinction, persistent disruptive behavior and psychopathic traits: fMRI in late adolescence.
Differences in the neural signature of remembering schema-congruent and schema-incongruent events.
Brain Mechanisms for Processing Affective (and Nonaffective) Touch Are Atypical in Autism.
Functional Organization of Social Perception and Cognition in the Superior Temporal Sulcus.
Neuroanatomical deficits correlate with executive dysfunction in boys with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.
Impaired Activation in Cognitive Control Regions Predicts Reversal Learning in Schizophrenia.
What makes your brain suggestible? Hypnotizability is associated with differential brain activity during attention outside hypnosis.
Impaired Bottom-Up Effective Connectivity Between Amygdala and Subgenual Anterior Cingulate Cortex in Unmedicated Adolescents with Major Depression: Results from a Dynamic Causal Modeling Analysis
Drawing and writing: An ALE meta-analysis of sensorimotor activations
Cognitive function and brain structure after recurrent mild traumatic brain injuries in young-to-middle-aged adults.
Functional topography of the human entorhinal cortex
Risk-Taking Behavior in a Computerized Driving Task: Brain Activation Correlates of Decision-Making, Outcome, and Peer Influence in Male Adolescents.
Resting State Brain Connectivity After Surgical and Behavioral Weight Loss
Low-Frequency Fluctuations of the Resting Brain: High Magnitude Does Not Equal High Reliability.
Characterizing Thalamocortical Disturbances in Cervical Spondylotic Myelopathy: Revealed by Functional Connectivity under Two Slow Frequency Bands.
Disrupted resting-state attentional networks in T2DM patients
Distinct inter-hemispheric dysconnectivity in schizophrenia patients with and without auditory verbal hallucinations
Brain activity during source memory retrieval in young, middle-aged and old adults.
Neural correlates of multiple object tracking strategies
Functional connections between optic flow areas and navigationally responsive brain regions during goal-directed navigation
Structural brain correlates of associative memory in older adults.
Confidence and psychosis: a neuro-computational account of contingency learning disruption by NMDA blockade
Contributions of the hippocampus to feedback learning
Differences in gray matter volume corresponding to delusion and hallucination in patients with schizophrenia compared with patients who have bipolar disorder
Neural correlates of valence generalization in an affective conditioning paradigm.
A two-step super-Gaussian independent component analysis approach for fMRI data.
Exogenous features versus prior experiences modulate different subregions of the right IPL during episodic memory retrieval
Selective Functional Disconnection of the Dorsal Subregion of the Temporal Pole in Schizophrenia
Changes in intrinsic connectivity of the brain's reading network following intervention in children with autism.
A Neural Decomposition of Visual Search Using Voxel-based Morphometry.
Balanced modulation of striatal activation from D /D receptors in caudate and ventral striatum: Disruption in cannabis abusers.
Neural circuitry underlying effects of context on human pain-related fear extinction in a renewal paradigm.
Acute opioid withdrawal is associated with increased neural activity in reward-processing centers in healthy men: A functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Memory and reward systems coproduce 'nostalgic' experiences in the brain.
Optimizing and Interpreting Insular Functional Connectivity Maps Obtained During Acute Experimental Pain: The Effects of Global Signal and Task Paradigm Regression
Cortical Thickness in Dementia with Lewy Bodies and Alzheimer's Disease: A Comparison of Prodromal and Dementia Stages
Why Social Pain Can Live on: Different Neural Mechanisms Are Associated with Reliving Social and Physical Pain.
Emotion Reactivity Is Increased 4-6 Weeks Postpartum in Healthy Women: A Longitudinal fMRI Study.
Generalization in Category Learning: The Roles of Representational and Decisional Uncertainty.
Connectivity pattern differences bilaterally in the cerebellum posterior lobe in healthy subjects after normal sleep and sleep deprivation: a resting-state functional MRI study
The Effects of Acupuncture at Real or Sham Acupoints on the Intrinsic Brain Activity in Mild Cognitive Impairment Patients
Associations between regional brain physiology and trait impulsivity, motor inhibition, and impaired control over drinking.
A systematic examination of brain volumetric abnormalities in recent-onset schizophrenia using voxel-based, surface-based and region-of-interest-based morphometric analyses
Novelty seeking is related to individual risk preference and brain activation associated with risk prediction during decision making
Anorexia Nervosa during Adolescence Is Associated with Decreased Gray Matter Volume in the Inferior Frontal Gyrus.
Decoding Accuracy in Supplementary Motor Cortex Correlates with Perceptual Sensitivity to Tactile Roughness.
Stochastic Dynamics Underlying Cognitive Stability and Flexibility
Beta oscillations and reward processing: Coupling oscillatory activity and hemodynamic responses.
Diagnosis of posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) based on correlations of prewhitened fMRI data: outcomes and areas involved.
Neuroimaging the short- and long-term effects of repeated picture naming in healthy older adults.
Neural correlates of anxiety sensitivity in panic disorder: A functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Neural activation during risky decision-making in youth at high risk for substance use disorders
Neural processing of basic tastes in healthy young and older adults - An fMRI study.
Neural substrates of negativity bias in women with and without major depression.
Affective mapping: An activation likelihood estimation (ALE) meta-analysis
Dimensional schizotypy and social cognition: an fMRI imaging study.
Cerebral correlates of faking: evidence from a brief implicit association test on doping attitudes
An fMRI investigation of the effects of attempted naming on word retrieval in aphasia.
No difference in frontal cortical activity during an executive functioning task after acute doses of aripiprazole and haloperidol.
Methylation of NR3C1 is related to maternal PTSD, parenting stress and maternal medial prefrontal cortical activity in response to child separation among mothers with histories of violence exposure
Temporal and Motor Representation of Rhythm in Fronto-Parietal Cortical Areas: An fMRI Study.
Attenuated Neural Processing of Risk in Young Adults at Risk for Stimulant Dependence.
Nicotinergic Modulation of Attention-Related Neural Activity Differentiates Polymorphisms of DRD2 and CHRNA4 Receptor Genes.
When gaze opens the channel for communication: Integrative role of IFG and MPFC.
Transfer of training from one working memory task to another: behavioural and neural evidence
Increased skin conductance responses and neural activity during fear conditioning are associated with a repressive coping style.
May Functional Imaging be Helpful for Behavioral Assessment in Children? Regions of Motor and Associative Cortico-Subcortical Circuits Can be Differentiated by Laterality and Rostrality.
Gray Matter Volume Changes in the Apathetic Elderly
Brain mechanisms of short-term habituation and sensitization toward dyspnea
The feasibility of white matter volume reduction analysis using SPM8 plus DARTEL for the diagnosis of patients with clinically diagnosed corticobasal syndrome and Richardson’s syndrome
Reversal of functional changes in the brain associated with obstructive sleep apnoea following 6 months of CPAP.
Inhibitory behavioral control: A stochastic dynamic causal modeling study comparing cocaine dependent subjects and controls.
Involvement of the Extrageniculate System in the Perception of Optical Illusions: A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study.
Neural Networks for Mindfulness and Emotion Suppression.
Default and Executive Network Coupling Supports Creative Idea Production
Altered Insula Activity during Visceral Interoception in Weight-Restored Patients with Anorexia Nervosa
Neural Substrates for Head Movements in Humans: A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study.
Patterns of gray matter atrophy in atypical parkinsonism syndromes: a VBM meta-analysis
Using arterial spin labeling to examine mood states in youth.
Addressing a Paradox: Dual Strategies for Creative Performance in Introspective and Extrospective Networks.
Individual differences in the neural signature of subjective value among older adults.
That's not quite me: limb ownership encoding in the brain.
Social reward improves the voluntary control over localized brain activity in fMRI-based neurofeedback training.
Estimating frontal and parietal involvement in cognitive estimation: a study of focal neurodegenerative diseases
Neural substrates underlying motor skill learning in chronic hemiparetic stroke patients
A novel fMRI paradigm suggests that pedaling-related brain activation is altered after stroke.
Characterization of the Maize Chitinase Genes and Their Effect on Aspergillus flavus and Aflatoxin Accumulation Resistance
Feel the Noise: Relating Individual Differences in Auditory Imagery to the Structure and Function of Sensorimotor Systems.
The neural basis of the Machiavellians' decision making in fair and unfair situations.
Learning temporal statistics for sensory predictions in mild cognitive impairment.
Neural Pathways of Embarrassment and their Modulation by Social Anxiety
Sleep variability in adolescence is associated with altered brain development
Mid-adolescent neurocognitive development of ignoring and attending emotional stimuli.
Dynamic brain architectures in local brain activity and functional network efficiency associate with efficient reading in bilinguals.
Anticipating conflict: Neural correlates of a Bayesian belief and its motor consequence.
Time-resolved detection of stimulus/task-related networks, via clustering of transient intersubject synchronization.
Functional connectivity associated with hand shape generation: Imitating novel hand postures and pantomiming tool grips challenge different nodes of a shared neural network.
Persistency and flexibility of complex brain networks underlie dual-task interference.
Wavelet-based regularity analysis reveals recurrent spatiotemporal behavior in resting-state fMRI.
Reduced cerebellar gray matter is a neural signature of physical frailty.
Impaired planning in Parkinson's disease is reflected by reduced brain activation and connectivity.
Brain regional networks active during the mismatch negativity vary with paradigm
Alterations in the functional connectivity of a verbal working memory-related brain network in patients with left temporal lobe epilepsy.
Distributed Patterns of Reactivation Predict Vividness of Recollection.
Autobiographical planning and the brain: Activation and its modulation by qualitative features
Feedback on Trait or Action Impacts on Caudate and Paracingulum Activity.
Mapping pathological changes in brain structure by combining T1- and T2-weighted MR imaging data
Effects of Escitalopram Administration on Face Processing in Intermittent Explosive Disorder: An fMRI Study
Anhedonia is associated with reduced incentive cue related activation in the basal ganglia
Spatial Variance in Resting fMRI Networks of Schizophrenia Patients: An Independent Vector Analysis.
Cortical signature of patients with HBV-related cirrhosis without overt hepatic encephalopathy: a morphometric analysis
Retinotopic patterns of background connectivity between V1 and fronto-parietal cortex are modulated by task demands
Optic-flow selective cortical sensory regions associated with self-reported states of vection
Conflict anticipation in alcohol dependence - A model-based fMRI study of stop signal task.
The associations of depression and hypertension with brain volumes: Independent or interactive?
Multiple sclerosis, cannabis, and cognition: A structural MRI study.
Increased cortico-striatal connectivity during motor practice contributes to the consolidation of motor memory in writer's cramp patients.
Filling in the gaps: Anticipatory control of eye movements in chronic mild traumatic brain injury
Cortical thickness, surface area, and folding alterations in male youths with conduct disorder and varying levels of callous–unemotional traits
A greater involvement of posterior brain areas in interhemispheric transfer in autism: fMRI, DWI and behavioral evidences.
Functional connectivity underlying postural motor adaptation in people with multiple sclerosis.
Negative symptoms in schizophrenia are associated with aberrant striato-cortical connectivity in a rewarded perceptual decision-making task.
Altered resting brain connectivity in persistent cancer related fatigue.
Longitudinal gray matter contraction in three variants of primary progressive aphasia: A tenser-based morphometry study
Functional and structural brain correlates of risk for major depression in children with familial depression.
Altered resting-state network connectivity in stroke patients with and without apraxia of speech.
Brain structural, functional, and cognitive correlates of recent versus remote autobiographical memories in amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment.
Altered resting state neuromotor connectivity in men with chronic prostatitis/chronic pelvic pain syndrome: A MAPP: Research Network Neuroimaging Study.
Individual differences in common factors of emotional traits and executive functions predict functional connectivity of the amygdala.
Obsessive-compulsive disorder is a heterogeneous disorder: evidence from diffusion tensor imaging and magnetization transfer imaging
Altered regional activity and inter-regional functional connectivity in psychogenic non-epileptic seizures
Gender differences in brain structure and resting-state functional connectivity related to narcissistic personality
Hippocampal volume correlates with attenuated negative psychotic symptoms irrespective of antidepressant medication
Disruption of caudate working memory activation in chronic blast-related traumatic brain injury.
Dissociating Two Stages of Preparation in the Stop Signal Task Using fMRI.
A Shift in Perspective: Decentering through Mindful Attention to Imagined Stressful Events
Out-of-sync: disrupted neural activity in emotional circuitry during film viewing in melancholic depression.
Altered amygdala-prefrontal response to facial emotion in offspring of parents with bipolar disorder.
Effects of intrinsic motivation on feedback processing during learning.
Externalizing proneness and brain response during pre-cuing and viewing of emotional pictures.
Not so bad: avoidance and aversive discounting modulate threat appraisal in anterior cingulate and medial prefrontal cortex
Word-finding impairment in veterans of the 1991 Persian Gulf War.
Abnormal intrinsic brain activity patterns in leukoaraiosis with and without cognitive impairment.
The mediating role of LPFC-vmPFC functional connectivity in the relation between regulatory mode and delay discounting.
The human voice areas: Spatial organization and inter-individual variability in temporal and extra-temporal cortices.
BDNF Val66Met polymorphism in patterns of neural activation in individuals with MDD and healthy controls.
The neural basis of conceptualizing the same action at different levels of abstraction.
Neurobiological Phenotypes of Familial Chronic Pain in Adolescence: A Pilot fMRI Study
Top-down attention regulates the neural expression of audiovisual integration.
Brain Activity During Cocaine Craving and Gambling Urges: An fMRI Study
The significance of caudate volume for age-related associative memory decline.
Summary of recommendations for the management of infantile seizures: Task Force Report for the ILAE Commission of Pediatrics.
Neural correlates of observing joint actions with shared intentions.
Neuroanatomical correlates of the sense of control: Gray and white matter volumes associated with an internal locus of control.
Psychosocial versus physiological stress – meta-analyses on deactivations and activations of the neural correlates of stress reactions
Degree centrality and fractional amplitude of low-frequency oscillations associated with Stroop interference.
A voxel-based morphometry study of gray matter correlates of facial emotion recognition in bipolar disorder.
Pantomiming tool use with an imaginary tool in hand as compared to demonstration with tool in hand specifically modulates the left middle and superior temporal gyri.
Childhood Poverty Predicts Adult Amygdala and Frontal Activity and Connectivity in Response to Emotional Faces.
Functional networks and structural connectivity of visuospatial and visuoperceptual working memory.
Shaped by the Past: The Default Mode Network Supports Cognition that Is Independent of Immediate Perceptual Input.
The organization of the posterior parietal cortex devoted to upper limb actions: An fMRI study.
The influence of construction methodology on structural brain network measures: A review.
Violence: heightened brain attentional network response is selectively muted in Down syndrome
Metacognition in Early Phase Psychosis: Toward Understanding Neural Substrates
Using fMRI to Investigate Memory in Young Children Born Small for Gestational Age.
Aberrant corticostriatal functional circuits in adolescents with Internet addiction disorder
Neural correlates of masked and unmasked face emotion processing in youth with severe mood dysregulation.
Diet-Induced Weight Loss Alters Functional Brain Responses during an Episodic Memory Task
Social status modulates the neural response to unfairness.
Feedback associated with expectation for larger-reward improves visuospatial working memory performances in children with ADHD.
Functional specialization of the male insula during taste perception.
Expecting to See a Letter: Alpha Oscillations as Carriers of Top-Down Sensory Predictions.
Neural evidence that suspense narrows attentional focus
Temporal unpredictability of a stimulus sequence and the processing of neutral and emotional stimuli.
Beyond the core face-processing network: Intracerebral stimulation of a face-selective area in the right anterior fusiform gyrus elicits transient prosopagnosia.
Processing emotional words in two languages with one brain: ERP and fMRI evidence from Chinese-English bilinguals.
The way to her heart? Response to romantic cues is dependent on hunger state and dieting history: An fMRI pilot study
Anatomical and spatial matching in imitation: Evidence from left and right brain-damaged patients.
Functional network centrality in obesity: A resting-state and task fMRI study.
Genetic influences on resting-state functional networks: A twin study.
Altered Resting-State Brain Activity and Connectivity in Depressed Parkinson's Disease.
Disruption of White Matter Integrity in Adult Survivors of Childhood Brain Tumors: Correlates with Long-Term Intellectual Outcomes
Distinct patterns of brain activity in progressive supranuclear palsy and Parkinson's disease
Effects of dexamphetamine-induced dopamine release on resting-state network connectivity in recreational amphetamine users and healthy controls
Controllability modulates the neural response to predictable but not unpredictable threat in humans.
Individual differences in verbal creative thinking are reflected in the precuneus.
Beyond words: Pragmatic inference in behavioral variant of frontotemporal degeneration
Randomization and resilience of brain functional networks as systems-level endophenotypes of schizophrenia
Neural correlates of fixation duration in natural reading: Evidence from fixation-related fMRI.
Verbal and nominal agreement: An fMRI study.
Auditory intensity processing: Categorization versus comparison.
Neurofunctional Signature of Hyperfamiliarity for Unknown Faces.
An EEG-fMRI Study on the Termination of Generalized Spike-And-Wave Discharges in Absence Epilepsy.
Left frontal glioma induces functional connectivity changes in syntax-related networks
Hierarchical Organization of Auditory and Motor Representations in Speech Perception: Evidence from Searchlight Similarity Analysis
Concurrent fNIRS-fMRI measurement to validate a method for separating deep and shallow fNIRS signals by using multidistance optodes
Attentional Modulation of Brain Responses to Primary Appetitive and Aversive Stimuli.
Neural sources of performance decline during continuous multitasking.
Anatomical substrates and neurocognitive predictors of daily numerical abilities in mild cognitive impairment.
Abnormal degree centrality in neurologically asymptomatic patients with end-stage renal disease: A resting-state fMRI study.
Development of common neural representations for distinct numerical problems.
Altered frontal inter-hemispheric resting state functional connectivity is associated with bulimic symptoms among restrained eaters.
Effects of Different Types of Cognitive Training on Cognitive Function, Brain Structure, and Driving Safety in Senior Daily Drivers: A Pilot Study
Cognitive and neural strategies during control of the anterior cingulate cortex by fMRI neurofeedback in patients with schizophrenia.
Brain Network Response to Acupuncture Stimuli in Experimental Acute Low Back Pain: An fMRI Study
Effect of Acupuncture on Functional Connectivity of Anterior Cingulate Cortex for Bell's Palsy Patients with Different Clinical Duration
Intolerance of uncertainty predicts fear extinction in amygdala-ventromedial prefrontal cortical circuitry
Adult attachment style modulates neural responses in a mentalizing task
Neurocognitive evidence for mental imagery-driven hypoalgesic and hyperalgesic pain regulation
Improved sensitivity and specificity for resting state and task fMRI with multiband multi-echo EPI compared to multi-echo EPI at 7 T.
Visual cortex activity predicts subjective experience after reading books with colored letters.
EEG-Informed fMRI Reveals a Disturbed Gamma-Band–Specific Network in Subjects at High Risk for Psychosis
Longitudinal reproducibility of default-mode network connectivity in healthy elderly participants: A multicentric resting-state fMRI study.
Separate and overlapping brain areas encode subjective value during delay and effort discounting.
Effects of an opioid (proenkephalin) polymorphism on neural response to errors in health and cocaine use disorder.
Brain structural correlates of schizotypy and psychosis proneness in a non-clinical healthy volunteer sample.
Thalamocortical Sensorimotor Circuit Damage Associated with Disorders of Consciousness for Diffuse Axonal Injury Patients.
Organization of intrinsic functional brain connectivity predicts decisions to reciprocate social behavior.
Neural substrates underlying the tendency to accept anger-infused ultimatum offers during dynamic social interactions.
Neural correlates of biased social fear learning and interaction in an intergroup context
Neural correlates of the self-reference effect: evidence from evaluation and recognition processes
Functional MRI of Challenging Food Choices: Forced Choice between Equally Liked High- and Low-Calorie Foods in the Absence of Hunger.
The neural basis of the imitation drive
Double-pulsed diffusional kurtosis imaging for the in vivo assessment of human brain microstructure.
Intrinsic brain activity as a diagnostic biomarker in children with benign epilepsy with centrotemporal spikes.
Neural correlates of self-injurious behavior in Prader-Willi syndrome.
Group comparison of spatiotemporal dynamics of intrinsic networks in Parkinson's disease.
Biases in the Explore–Exploit Tradeoff in Addictions: The Role of Avoidance of Uncertainty
The effects of age, sex, and hormones on emotional conflict-related brain response during adolescence.
Left inferior-parietal lobe activity in perspective tasks: identity statements.
Effects of informative and confirmatory feedback on brain activation during negative feedback processing
Adolescents' Neural Processing of Risky Decisions: Effects of Sex and Behavioral Disinhibition.
Simultaneous perception of a spoken and a signed language: The brain basis of ASL-English code-blends.
APOE Effects on Default Mode Network in Chinese Cognitive Normal Elderly: Relationship with Clinical Cognitive Performance
Free Language Selection in the Bilingual Brain: An Event-Related fMRI Study
Resting state connectivity of the bed nucleus of the stria terminalis at ultra-high field.
Segregation of face sensitive areas within the fusiform gyrus using global signal regression? A study on amygdala resting-state functional connectivity.
Training of verbal creativity modulates brain activity in regions associated with language- and memory-related demands.
The neural representation of typical and atypical experiences of negative images: comparing fear, disgust and morbid fascination.
Reward Region Responsivity Predicts Future Weight Gain and Moderating Effects of the TaqIA Allele
Cerebral Activity Changes in Different Traditional Chinese Medicine Patterns of Psychogenic Erectile Dysfunction Patients
Neural Correlates of Associative Memory in the Elderly: A Resting-State Functional MRI Study
Examination of Local Functional Homogeneity in Autism
An fMRI Study of Local Synchronization in Different Subfrequency Bands during the Continuous Feedback of Finger Force
Altered Synchronizations among Neural Networks in Geriatric Depression
Diagnostic Prediction for Social Anxiety Disorder via Multivariate Pattern Analysis of the Regional Homogeneity
Assessment of Functional Characteristics of Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment and Alzheimer's Disease Using Various Methods of Resting-State FMRI Analysis
Altered executive function in the lead-exposed brain: A functional magnetic resonance imaging study
A frontal attention mechanism in the visual mismatch negativity.
Altered inhibition-related frontolimbic connectivity in obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Acute ketamine challenge increases resting state prefrontal-hippocampal connectivity in both humans and rats.
Aberrant functioning of the putamen links delusions, antipsychotic drug dose, and compromised connectivity in first episode psychosis--Preliminary fMRI findings.
Jumping the Gun: Mapping Neural Correlates of Waiting Impulsivity and Relevance Across Alcohol Misuse.
A particular effect of sleep, but not pain or depression, on the blood-oxygen-level dependent response during working memory tasks in patients with chronic pain
BRAIN REWARD ACTIVITY TO MASKED IN-GROUP SMILING FACES PREDICTS FRIENDSHIP DEVELOPMENT
What letters can "learn" from Arabic digits--fMRI-controlled single case therapy study of peripheral agraphia.
Phonological processing in speech perception: What do sonority differences tell us?
Brain Abnormalities in Congenital Fibrosis of the Extraocular Muscles Type 1: A Multimodal MRI Imaging Study.
Effect of rTMS on brain activation in schizophrenia with negative symptoms: A proof-of-principle study.
Activity in the right fusiform face area predicts the behavioural advantage for the perception of familiar faces.
Neural correlates of parent-child HPA axis coregulation.
Many ways to read your vowels--Neural processing of diacritics and vowel letters in Hebrew.
Reading visually embodied meaning from the brain: Visually grounded computational models decode visual-object mental imagery induced by written text.
Neural dysfunction in ADHD with Reading Disability during a word rhyming Continuous Performance Task.
Longitudinal regional brain volume loss in schizophrenia: Relationship to antipsychotic medication and change in social function.
Functional activation abnormalities during facial emotion perception in schizophrenia patients and nonpsychotic relatives.
Brain activation induced by psychological stress in patients with schizophrenia.
Response control networks are selectively modulated by attention to rare events and memory load regardless of the need for inhibition.
Adaptation of the human visual system to the statistics of letters and line configurations.
Neural correlates of visuospatial working memory in attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder and healthy controls.
Morphological abnormalities in prefrontal surface area and thalamic volume in attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder.
Prevalence of increases in functional connectivity in visual, somatosensory and language areas in congenital blindness
A functional polymorphism in the prodynorphin gene affects cognitive flexibility and brain activation during reversal learning.
Color harmony represented by activity in the medial orbitofrontal cortex and amygdala.
Post-traumatic stress influences the brain even in the absence of symptoms: A systematic, quantitative meta-analysis of neuroimaging studies.
Diminished caudate and superior temporal gyrus responses to effort-based decision making in patients with first-episode major depressive disorder
Sex-Specific Patterns of Aberrant Brain Function in First-Episode Treatment-Naive Patients with Schizophrenia
Investigation of age-related changes in brain activity during the divalent task-switching paradigm using functional MRI.
Aberrant Salience Is Related to Dysfunctional Self-Referential Processing in Psychosis.
Patterns of frontoparietal activation as a marker for unsuccessful visuospatial processing in healthy aging.
Assessing effects of prenatal alcohol exposure using group-wise sparse representation of fMRI data.
Neural correlates of response inhibition in children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder: A controlled version of the stop-signal task.
Sex differences in abnormal white matter development associated with conduct disorder in children.
Resting spontaneous activity in the default mode network predicts performance decline during prolonged attention workload.
Affective state and locus of control modulate the neural response to threat.
Increased Resting-State Functional Connectivity in the Cingulo-Opercular Cognitive-Control Network after Intervention in Children with Reading Difficulties.
Abnormal Social Reward Responses in Anorexia Nervosa: An fMRI Study.
Neural networks supporting switching, hypothesis testing, and rule application
Brain networks of affective mentalizing revealed by the tear effect: The integrative role of the medial prefrontal cortex and precuneus.
The brain’s conversation with itself: neural substrates of dialogic inner speech
Structural deficits and cognitive impairment in tuberculous meningitis
Decreased neural activity and neural connectivity while performing a set-shifting task after inhibiting repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on the left dorsal prefrontal cortex
Parietal dysfunction during number processing in children with fetal alcohol spectrum disorders.
Increases in frontostriatal connectivity are associated with response to dorsomedial repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in refractory binge/purge behaviors.
Increased resting-state functional connectivity of visual- and cognitive-control brain networks after training in children with reading difficulties.
Atypical processing of voice sounds in infants at risk for autism spectrum disorder
Neural mechanisms of social influence in adolescence.
The Brain Functional State of Music Creation: an fMRI Study of Composers
Modulation of Craving Related Brain Responses Using Real-Time fMRI in Patients with Alcohol Use Disorder.
Spontaneous Activity Associated with Delusions of Schizophrenia in the Left Medial Superior Frontal Gyrus: A Resting-State fMRI Study.
Probing the Interoceptive Network by Listening to Heartbeats: An fMRI Study.
The impact of eye closure on somatosensory perception in the elderly.
Hippocampal activity mediates the relationship between circadian activity rhythms and memory in older adults.
On the Modulation of Brain Activation During Simulated Weight Bearing in Supine Gait-Like Stepping
Distinct hippocampal functional networks revealed by tractography-based parcellation.
Differential parietal and temporal contributions to music perception in improvising and score-dependent musicians, an fMRI study.
Individual differences in response of dorsomedial prefrontal cortex predict daily social behavior.
Spatiotemporal neural network dynamics for the processing of dynamic facial expressions
Reducing Individual Variation for fMRI Studies in Children by Minimizing Template Related Errors.
The gray matter alterations in major depressive disorder and panic disorder: Putative differences in the pathogenesis.
Altered threat and safety neural processing linked to persecutory delusions in schizophrenia: a two-task fMRI study
Which visual functions depend on intermediate visual regions? Insights from a case of developmental visual form agnosia.
Dispositional mindfulness is predicted by structural development of the insula during late adolescence.
Separate Brain Circuits Support Integrative and Semantic Priming in the Human Language System.
Default Mode Network Activity Predicts Early Memory Decline in Healthy Young Adults Aged 18-31.
Additive Routes to Action Learning: Layering Experience Shapes Engagement of the Action Observation Network
Facilitation of emotion regulation with a single dose of escitalopram: A randomized fMRI study.
The neural network associated with lexical-semantic knowledge about social groups
Cortical Activation Patterns of Bodily Attention triggered by Acupuncture Stimulation
AICHA: An atlas of intrinsic connectivity of homotopic areas.
Are the carrot and the stick the two sides of same coin? A neural examination of approach/avoidance motivation during cognitive performance.
Earlier adolescent substance use onset predicts stronger connectivity between reward and cognitive control brain networks.
Brains striving for coherence: Long-term cumulative plot formation in the default mode network.
A group ICA based framework for evaluating resting fMRI markers when disease categories are unclear: application to schizophrenia, bipolar, and schizoaffective disorders.
Flexible brain network reconfiguration supporting inhibitory control
Crossmodal semantic congruence can affect visuo-spatial processing and activity of the fronto-parietal attention networks
The role of the amygdala in the perception of positive emotions: an "intensity detector".
Gray matter blood flow and volume are reduced in association with white matter hyperintensity lesion burden: a cross-sectional MRI study
Executive and semantic processes in reappraisal of negative stimuli: insights from a meta-analysis of neuroimaging studies
Objects Mediate Goal Integration in Ventrolateral Prefrontal Cortex during Action Observation.
Neural substrates of child irritability in typically developing and psychiatric populations.
The Neural Basis of Typewriting: A Functional MRI Study.
Neural activity patterns evoked by a spouse's incongruent emotional reactions when recalling marriage-relevant experiences.
Common neural correlates of emotion perception in humans.
Effects of prospective thinking on intertemporal choice: The role of familiarity.
Cerebellar vermis contributes to the extinction of conditioned fear.
Default mode network connectivity during task execution.
Visual search in depth: The neural correlates of segmenting a display into relevant and irrelevant three-dimensional regions.
The therapeutic effect of Xueshuan Xinmai tablets on memory injury and brain activity in post-stroke patients: a pilot placebo controlled fMRI study
Repetitive speech elicits widespread deactivation in the human cortex: the "Mantra" effect?
Altered Brain Activation during Emotional Face Processing in Relation to Both Diagnosis and Polygenic Risk of Bipolar Disorder.
Decoding Concrete and Abstract Action Representations During Explicit and Implicit Conceptual Processing.
Resting-State Functional Connectivity of the Locus Coeruleus in Humans: In Comparison with the Ventral Tegmental Area/Substantia Nigra Pars Compacta and the Effects of Age.
Local Activity and Causal Connectivity in Children with Benign Epilepsy with Centrotemporal Spikes.
Differences in Early Stages of Tactile ERP Temporal Sequence (P100) in Cortical Organization during Passive Tactile Stimulation in Children with Blindness and Controls
Extrastriate Visual Areas Integrate Form Features over Space and Time to Construct Representations of Stationary and Rigidly Rotating Objects.
Activation Patterns throughout the Word Processing Network of L1-dominant Bilinguals Reflect Language Similarity and Language Decisions.
Premotor Cortex Activation Elicited during Word Comprehension Relies on Access of Specific Action Concepts.
SMA Selectively Codes the Active Accumulation of Temporal, Not Spatial, Magnitude.
Neural correlates of merging number words.
Neural correlates of self-referential processing and implicit self-associations in chronic depression.
Emotion Awareness Predicts Body Mass Index Percentile Trajectories in Youth
Neural correlates associated with symptom provocation in pediatric obsessive compulsive disorder after a single session of sham-controlled repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation.
Hyperactivation to pleasant interoceptive stimuli characterizes the transition to stimulant addiction.
The brain signature of paracetamol in healthy volunteers: a double-blind randomized trial
Disconnection of the hippocampus and amygdala associated with lesion load in relapsing–remitting multiple sclerosis: a structural and functional connectivity study
Altered blood oxygen level-dependent signal variability in chronic post-traumatic stress disorder during symptom provocation
Reduced neural differentiation between self-referential cognitive and emotional processes in women with borderline personality disorder.
Structural Gray Matter Differences During Childhood Development in Autism Spectrum Disorder: A Multimetric Approach
Individual differences in resting-state functional connectivity with the executive network: support for a cerebellar role in anxiety vulnerability.
Structural correlates of formal thought disorder in schizophrenia: An ultra-high field multivariate morphometry study.
Evidence for normal letter-sound integration, but altered language pathways in a case of recovered Landau-Kleffner Syndrome.
Effective connectivity in the neural network underlying coarse-to-fine categorization of visual scenes. A dynamic causal modeling study.
Testosterone and reward prediction-errors in healthy men and men with schizophrenia.
Neural activity changes in unaffected children of patients with schizophrenia: A resting-state fMRI study.
The dorsal premotor cortex exerts a powerful and specific inhibitory effect on the ipsilateral corticofacial system: a dual-coil transcranial magnetic stimulation study.
Neuroanatomical correlates of genetic risk for bipolar disorder: A voxel-based morphometry study in bipolar type I patients and healthy first degree relatives.
Frontal–posterior theta oscillations reflect memory retrieval during sentence comprehension
Disrupted causal connectivity anchored on the anterior cingulate cortex in first-episode medication-naive major depressive disorder
The relation of structural integrity and task-related functional connectivity in the aging brain.
Eyes on words: A fixation-related fMRI study of the left occipito-temporal cortex during self-paced silent reading of words and pseudowords
An examination of the rapid automatized naming–reading relationship using functional magnetic resonance imaging
Differential activation of the ventromedial prefrontal cortex between male and female givers of social reputation.
Decoding illusory self-location from activity in the human hippocampus.
White matter tract signatures of impaired social cognition in frontotemporal lobar degeneration
Cortical Volume Alterations in Conduct Disordered Adolescents with and without Bipolar Disorder
Effects of post-extinction l-DOPA administration on the spontaneous recovery and reinstatement of fear in a human fMRI study.
Nonlinear cerebral atrophy patterns across the Alzheimer's disease continuum: impact of APOE4 genotype.
Structural brain abnormalities correlate with clinical features in patients with drug-naïve OCD: A DARTEL-enhanced voxel-based morphometry study.
Disruptions in Resting State Functional Connectivity and Cerebral Blood Flow in Mild Traumatic Brain Injury Patients.
Identifying neural correlates of visual consciousness with ALE meta-analyses.
Expressing our internal states and understanding those of others
Striatal-cerebellar networks mediate consolidation in a motor sequence learning task: An fMRI study using dynamic causal modelling.
Detecting tones in complex auditory scenes.
Effects of aging on value-directed modulation of semantic network activity during verbal learning.
The Neural Bases of the Semantic Interference of Spatial Frequency-based Information in Scenes.
Physical Activity Is Linked to Greater Moment-To-Moment Variability in Spontaneous Brain Activity in Older Adults
Cerebral Correlates of Abnormal Emotion Conflict Processing in Euthymic Bipolar Patients: A Functional MRI Study.
Threat-related amygdala functional connectivity is associated with 5-HTTLPR genotype and neuroticism.
Neural Plasticity of Mild Tinnitus: An fMRI Investigation Comparing Those Recently Diagnosed with Tinnitus to Those That Had Tinnitus for a Long Period of Time
Involvement of prefrontal cortex in scalar implicatures: evidence from magnetoencephalography
Effect of electroconvulsive therapy on gray matter volume in major depressive disorder.
Mapping Thalamocortical Functional Connectivity in Chronic and Early Stages of Psychotic Disorders.
Brain stimulation improves cognitive control by modulating medial-frontal activity and preSMA-vmPFC functional connectivity.
Dissociated neural effects of cortisol depending on threat escapability.
Impaired learning from errors in cannabis users: Dorsal anterior cingulate cortex and hippocampus hypoactivity.
Differential functional brain network connectivity during visceral interoception as revealed by independent component analysis of fMRI TIME-series.
Examining the neural correlates of emergent equivalence relations in fragile X syndrome.
Disturbed spontaneous brain activity pattern in patients with primary angle-closure glaucoma using amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation: a fMRI study
Voxel Based Morphometry Alterations in Mal de Debarquement Syndrome.
Do human brain areas involved in visuomotor actions show a preference for real tools over visually similar non-tools?
Relationship between the catechol-O-methyl transferase Val108/158Met genotype and brain volume in treatment-naive major depressive disorder: Voxel-based morphometry analysis.
Anger in brain and body: the neural and physiological perturbation of decision-making by emotion.
Permutation and parametric tests for effect sizes in voxel-based morphometry of gray matter volume in brain structural MRI
Stability of resting state networks in the female brain during hormonal changes and their relation to premenstrual symptoms
Co-activation based parcellation of the human frontal pole
Dissociation in borderline personality disorder: Disturbed cognitive and emotional inhibition and its neural correlates.
Neural Networks Involved in Adolescent Reward Processing: An Activation Likelihood Estimation Meta-Analysis of Functional Neuroimaging Studies
Dissecting the social brain: Introducing the EmpaToM to reveal distinct neural networks and brain–behavior relations for empathy and Theory of Mind
Dissociable cerebellar activity during spatial navigation and visual memory in bilateral vestibular failure
Familial risk and ADHD-specific neural activity revealed by case-control, discordant twin pair design.
Parietal and Frontal Cortex Encode Stimulus-Specific Mnemonic Representations during Visual Working Memory.
White matter alterations in first episode treatment-naïve patients with deficit schizophrenia: a combined VBM and DTI study
The nature of the language input affects brain activation during learning from a natural language
Linking inter-individual differences in the perceptual load effect to spontaneous brain activity.
Many neighbors are not silent. fMRI evidence for global lexical activity in visual word recognition.
Fear avoidance beliefs in back pain-free subjects are reflected by amygdala-cingulate responses.
Embodied cognitive flexibility and neuroplasticity following Quadrato Motor Training
Early warning for human mental sub-health based on fMRI data analysis: an example from a seafarers' resting-data study
Decoding the Formation of New Semantics: MVPA Investigation of Rapid Neocortical Plasticity during Associative Encoding through Fast Mapping
Breakdown of the striatal-default mode network loop in schizophrenia.
Brief bursts of infrasound may improve cognitive function – An fMRI study
Sensations of skin infestation linked to abnormal frontolimbic brain reactivity and differences in self-representation.
Altered intrinsic organisation of brain networks implicated in attentional processes in adult attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder: a resting-state study of attention, default mode and salience network connectivity.
Computational dissection of human episodic memory reveals mental process-specific genetic profiles.
Atypical spatiotemporal signatures of working memory brain processes in autism
The attracting power of the gaze of politicians is modulated by the personality and ideological attitude of their voters: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Behavioural and brain responses related to Internet search and memory.
A Neuroanatomical Signature for Schizophrenia Across Different Ethnic Groups
Neural valuation of environmental resources.
Monotonic non-linear transformations as a tool to investigate age-related effects on brain white matter integrity: A Box–Cox investigation
Neuroanatomical correlates of negative emotionality-related traits: A systematic review and meta-analysis
Type 1 Diabetes Modifies Brain Activation in Young Patients While Performing Visuospatial Working Memory Tasks
Altered Fronto-Temporal Functional Connectivity in Individuals at Ultra-High-Risk of Developing Psychosis
Temporally Dissociable Contributions of Human Medial Prefrontal Subregions to Reward-Guided Learning
Cerebral Inefficient Activation in Schizophrenia Patients and Their Unaffected Parents during the N-Back Working Memory Task: A Family fMRI Study.
Effect of Simulated Microgravity on Human Brain Gray Matter and White Matter – Evidence from MRI
Resting state in Parkinson's disease dementia and dementia with Lewy bodies: commonalities and differences
Self-Orientation Modulates the Neural Correlates of Global and Local Processing.
Greater preference consistency during the Willingness-to-Pay task is related to higher resting state connectivity between the ventromedial prefrontal cortex and the ventral striatum.
The neural basis of hand gesture comprehension: A meta-analysis of functional magnetic resonance imaging studies
Crossmodal enhancement in the LOC for visuohaptic object recognition over development.
Greater anterior cingulate activation and connectivity in response to visual and auditory high-calorie food cues in binge eating: Preliminary findings
The left amygdala: A shared substrate of alexithymia and empathy.
Cortisol awakening response predicts intrinsic functional connectivity of the medial prefrontal cortex in the afternoon of the same day.
Atypical cortical gyrification in adolescents with histories of heavy prenatal alcohol exposure.
Neural signatures of third-party punishment: evidence from penetrating traumatic brain injury.
Explicit verbal memory impairments associated with brain functional deficits and morphological alterations in patients with generalized anxiety disorder.
Functional asymmetry between the left and right human fusiform gyrus explored through electrical brain stimulation.
Single-dose serotonergic stimulation shows widespread effects on functional brain connectivity.
Observing accidental and intentional unusual actions is associated with different subregions of the medial frontal cortex.
Brain imaging signatures of the relationship between epidermal nerve fibers and heat pain perception.
Neural correlates of psychological resilience and their relation to life satisfaction in a sample of healthy young adults.
The rostral prefrontal cortex underlies individual differences in working memory capacity: An approach from the hierarchical model of the cognitive control.
The imagined itch: Brain circuitry supporting nocebo-induced itch in atopic dermatitis patients
Dysfunctional resting-state connectivities of brain regions with structural deficits in drug-naive first-episode schizophrenia adolescents.
Neural changes associated with semantic processing in healthy aging despite intact behavioral performance
The Muller-Lyer illusion affects visuomotor updating in the dorsal visual stream.
Multimodal connectivity of motor learning-related dorsal premotor cortex.
Neural systems supporting linguistic structure, linguistic experience, and symbolic communication in sign language and gesture
Working-memory endophenotype and dyslexia-associated genetic variant predict dyslexia phenotype.
Role of the parahippocampal cortex in memory for the configuration but not the identity of objects: converging evidence from patients with selective thermal lesions and fMRI
Improvement in Touch Sensation after Stroke is Associated with Resting Functional Connectivity Changes
Competition between Mutually Exclusive Object States in Event Comprehension.
Facial Emotion Recognition in Parkinson's Disease: An fMRI Investigation.
The Association Between Eye Movements and Cerebellar Activation in a Verbal Working Memory Task.
Psychotic Experiences, Working Memory, and the Developing Brain: A Multimodal Neuroimaging Study
Brain Regions Associated to a Kinesthetic Illusion Evoked by Watching a Video of One's Own Moving Hand.
Age-Related Differences in Spatial Frequency Processing during Scene Categorization.
Resting-state functional connectivity in the baboon model of genetic generalized epilepsy.
Short-Term Memory for Space and Time Flexibly Recruit Complementary Sensory-Biased Frontal Lobe Attention Networks.
Frequency of Hospitalizations for Pain and Association With Altered Brain Network Connectivity in Sickle Cell Disease
Neural Basis of Psychological Growth following Adverse Experiences: A Resting-State Functional MRI Study.
Neural Networks Underlying the Metacognitive Uncertainty Response
Word tones cueing morphosyntactic structure: Neuroanatomical substrates and activation time-course assessed by EEG and fMRI.
The Impact of Accelerated Right Prefrontal High-Frequency Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) on Cue-Reactivity: An fMRI Study on Craving in Recently Detoxified Alcohol-Dependent Patie
Aberrant orbitofrontal connectivity in marijuana smoking adolescents.
Numerosity processing is context driven even in the subitizing range: An fMRI study.
Differences in fMRI intersubject correlation while viewing unedited and edited videos of dance performance.
Functional disconnection of the right anterior insula in obstructive sleep apnea
Neural Activation During Cognitive Emotion Regulation in Previously Depressed Compared to Healthy Children: Evidence of Specific Alterations
Intrinsic brain indices of verbal working memory capacity in children and adolescents.
Human Hippocampal Dynamics during Response Conflict
Nodal centrality of functional network in the differentiation of schizophrenia.
Functional connectivity indicates differential roles for the intraparietal sulcus and the superior parietal lobule in multiple object tracking.
On the role of the anterior prefrontal cortex in cognitive 'branching': An fMRI study.
The relevance of fractional amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation to interference effect.
On the existence of a generalized non-specific task-dependent network.
Muscle co-activity tuning in Parkinsonian hand movement: disease-specific changes at behavioral and cerebral level.
Differences in prefrontal cortex activation and deactivation during strategic episodic verbal memory encoding in mild cognitive impairment
Is the Medial Prefrontal Cortex Necessary for Theory of Mind?
Women's Preference for a Male Acquaintance Enhances Social Reward Processing of Material Goods in the Anterior Cingulate Cortex.
An fMRI investigation of the effects of culture on evaluations of stigmatized individuals.
Impact of sleep loss before learning on cortical dynamics during memory retrieval
The impact of motivation on race-based impression formation.
Inter-individual differences in the experience of negative emotion predict variations in functional brain architecture.
Contextual modulation of value signals in reward and punishment learning
Cortical brain atrophy and intra-individual variability in neuropsychological test performance in HIV disease.
Cerebellar BOLD signal during the acquisition of a new lexicon predicts its early consolidation.
Effects of Fronto-Temporal Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation on Auditory Verbal Hallucinations and Resting-State Functional Connectivity of the Left Temporo-Parietal Junction in Patients With Schizophrenia
Epigenetic variation in the serotonin transporter gene predicts resting state functional connectivity strength within the salience-network.
From perceptual to lexico-semantic analysis--cortical plasticity enabling new levels of processing.
Dysfunction of the frontolimbic region during swear word processing in young adolescents with Internet gaming disorder
An architecture for encoding sentence meaning in left mid-superior temporal cortex
Neuropsychological and imaging profile of patients with Parkinson's disease and freezing of gait
Brain activity during walking: A systematic review.
Reliability of Visual and Somatosensory Feedback in Skilled Movement: The Role of the Cerebellum.
Source analysis of stimulus-preceding negativity constrained by functional magnetic resonance imaging.
A critical role of temporoparietal junction in the integration of top-down and bottom-up attentional control
Abnormal prefrontal cortex resting state functional connectivity and severity of internet gaming disorder.
Complex sensorimotor transformation processes required for response selection are facilitated by the striatum.
Inhibition-Induced Forgetting Results from Resource Competition between Response Inhibition and Memory Encoding Processes
Altered source memory retrieval is associated with pathological doubt in obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Functional Organization of the Action Observation Network in Autism: A Graph Theory Approach.
Neural Correlates of Empathy with Pain Show Habituation Effects. An fMRI Study.
Identifying Cognitive States Using Regularity Partitions.
Visual processing of optic flow and motor control in the human posterior cingulate sulcus.
Putting age-related task activation into large-scale brain networks: A meta-analysis of 114 fMRI studies on healthy aging.
Effects of imaging modalities, brain atlases and feature selection on prediction of Alzheimer's disease.
Emotion-Induced Topological Changes in Functional Brain Networks.
Reaction time-related activity reflecting periodic, task-specific cognitive control.
Successful smoking cessation is associated with prefrontal cortical function during a Stroop task: A preliminary study
Resting-state functional connectivity abnormalities correlate with psychometric hepatic encephalopathy score in cirrhosis
Bipolar disorder: Functional neuroimaging markers in relatives.
3D interactive tractography-informed resting-state fMRI connectivity
Brain activation during dual-task processing is associated with cardiorespiratory fitness and performance in older adults
The relationship between the neural computations for speech and music perception is context-dependent: an activation likelihood estimate study
Self perception and facial emotion perception of others in anorexia nervosa
Default mode network alterations during implicit emotional faces processing in first-episode, treatment-naive major depression patients
Correlating Gray Matter Volume with Individual Difference in the Flanker Interference Effect.
How pain empathy depends on ingroup/outgroup decisions: A functional magnet resonance imaging study.
Dynamic reconfiguration of frontal brain networks during executive cognition in humans.
Frontolimbic functioning during threat-related attention: Relations to early behavioral inhibition and anxiety in children.
Abnormal Resting-State Connectivity at Functional MRI in Women with Premenstrual Syndrome.
Neural Responses to Truth Telling and Risk Propensity under Asymmetric Information
Toward a standardized structural-functional group connectome in MNI space.
The neural basis of a deficit in abstract thinking in patients with schizophrenia.
Reduced cortical thickness and its association with social reactivity in children with autism spectrum disorder.
Role of local and distant functional connectivity density in the development of minimal hepatic encephalopathy
Activation of cerebellar lobules VI-VII during motor imagery but not during motor activation in unilateral cerebellar hypoplasia
Maternal response to child affect: Role of maternal depression and relationship quality.
Intranetwork and internetwork functional connectivity alterations in post-traumatic stress disorder.
Alterations of Regional Cerebral Blood Flow in Tinnitus Patients as Assessed Using Single-Photon Emission Computed Tomography.
Coping with Self-Threat and the Evaluation of Self-Related Traits: An fMRI Study.
Parietal cortex integrates contextual and saliency signals during the encoding of natural scenes in working memory.
Structural and functional neural correlates of self-reported attachment in healthy adults: evidence for an amygdalar involvement.
The Relation between 1st Grade Grey Matter Volume and 2nd Grade Math Competence
Effects of Multimodal Load on Spatial Monitoring as Revealed by ERPs
Identification of the regions involved in phonological assembly using a novel paradigm.
Structural brain aging and speech production: a surface-based brain morphometry study.
Neural differences between monolinguals and early bilinguals in their native language during comprehension.
Patterns of neural response in scene-selective regions of the human brain are affected by low-level manipulations of spatial frequency.
Patients with focal cerebellar lesions show reduced auditory cortex activation during silent reading.
Brain structure and function correlates of cognitive subtypes in schizophrenia.
Buffering effect of positive parent-child relationships on adolescent risk taking: A longitudinal neuroimaging investigation.
Decoding sequential finger movements from preparatory activity in higher-order motor regions: a functional magnetic resonance imaging multi-voxel pattern analysis.
Neural evidence for cultural differences in the valuation of positive facial expressions.
Reading fiction and reading minds: the role of simulation in the default network.
Neural mechanisms underlying conscious and unconscious attentional shifts triggered by eye gaze.
Decoupled temporal variability and signal synchronization of spontaneous brain activity in loss of consciousness: An fMRI study in anesthesia.
Hierarchical error representation in medial prefrontal cortex.
Pain inhibits pain; human brainstem mechanisms.
Functionally integrated neural processing of linguistic and talker information: An event-related fMRI and ERP study.
Scene construction impairments in Alzheimer's disease - A unique role for the posterior cingulate cortex.
Representational content of occipitotemporal and parietal tool areas.
Network structure of brain atrophy in de novo Parkinson's disease
Sex differences in structural organization of motor systems and their dissociable links with repetitive/restricted behaviors in children with autism
Cannabis use in early adolescence: Evidence of amygdala hypersensitivity to signals of threat.
The many faces of anxiety-neurobiological correlates of anxiety phenotypes.
A Dynamic Core Network and Global Efficiency in the Resting Human Brain.
Gray Matter Alterations in Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder, Obsessive–Compulsive Disorder, and Social Anxiety Disorder
Body language in the brain: constructing meaning from expressive movement
Elevated body mass index and maintenance of cognitive function in late life: exploring underlying neural mechanisms
Brief learning induces a memory bias for arousing-negative words: an fMRI study in high and low trait anxious persons
Effects of ketamine on cognition-emotion interaction in the brain.
Functional connectivity between the cerebrum and cerebellum in social cognition: A multi-study analysis.
Advanced neuroimaging applied to veterans and service personnel with traumatic brain injury: state of the art and potential benefits.
Neural Correlates of Visuomotor Learning in Autism
Neurofunctional topography of the human hippocampus.
The Neural Correlates of Shoulder Apprehension: A Functional MRI Study.
Prefrontal Engagement and Reduced Default Network Suppression Co-occur and Are Dynamically Coupled in Older Adults: The Default-Executive Coupling Hypothesis of Aging.
Shared and Distinct Neuroanatomic Regions Critical for Tool-related Action Production and Recognition: Evidence from 131 Left-hemisphere Stroke Patients.
Preference for Audiovisual Speech Congruency in Superior Temporal Cortex.
Monitoring Different Phonological Parameters of Sign Language Engages the Same Cortical Language Network but Distinctive Perceptual Ones.
Retrieval Goal Modulates Memory for Context.
Mark-Release-Recapture Reveals Extensive Movement of Bed Bugs (Cimex lectularius L.) within and between Apartments
Development of a selective left-hemispheric fronto-temporal network for processing syntactic complexity in language comprehension.
Regional homogeneity (ReHo) changes in new onset versus chronic benign epilepsy of childhood with centrotemporal spikes (BECTS): A resting state fMRI study
Emotional and Utilitarian Appraisals of Moral Dilemmas Are Encoded in Separate Areas and Integrated in Ventromedial Prefrontal Cortex
Human amygdala activation by the sound produced during dental treatment: A fMRI study
Processing of false belief passages during natural story comprehension: An fMRI study.
Differences in Regional Glucose Metabolism of the Brain Measured with F-18-FDG-PET in Patients with Essential Tremor According to Their Response to Beta-Blockers
Comparison of obese adults with poor versus good sleep quality during a functional neuroimaging delay discounting task: A pilot study.
A Neurocomputational Account of How Inflammation Enhances Sensitivity to Punishments Versus Rewards.
Brain structural and functional connectivity in Parkinson's disease with freezing of gait.
The CB1 Neutral Antagonist Tetrahydrocannabivarin Reduces Default Mode Network and Increases Executive Control Network Resting State Functional Connectivity in Healthy Volunteers
Motor and extra-motor gray matter atrophy in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis: quantitative meta-analyses of voxel-based morphometry studies
The executive control network and symptomatic improvement in attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.
Right fronto-limbic atrophy is associated with reduced empathy in refractory unilateral mesial temporal lobe epilepsy.
When sentences live up to your expectations.
Control-related frontal-striatal function is associated with past suicidal ideation and behavior in patients with recent-onset psychotic major mood disorders.
Application of advanced machine learning methods on resting-state fMRI network for identification of mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer's disease.
Neurobiological underpinnings of sensation seeking trait in heroin abusers.
Expressive suppression and neural responsiveness to nonverbal affective cues.
Short-term test-retest reliability of resting state fMRI metrics in children with and without attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.
Hippocampal-DMN disconnectivity in MS is related to WM lesions and depression.
Resting-state functional connectivity and presynaptic monoamine signaling in Alcohol Dependence
Characterizing Behavioral and Brain Changes Associated with Practicing Reasoning Skills
FDG-PET scans in patients with Kraepelinian and non-Kraepelinian schizophrenia.
fMRI brain response during sentence reading comprehension in children with benign epilepsy with centro-temporal spikes
Gray matter abnormalities in patients with social anxiety disorder: A voxel-based morphometry study.
Regional cerebral glucose metabolism differentiates danger- and non-danger-based traumas in post-traumatic stress disorder
Brain metabolism and cerebrospinal fluid biomarkers profile of non-amnestic mild cognitive impairment in comparison to amnestic mild cognitive impairment and normal older subjects
Network dysfunction of emotional and cognitive processes in those at genetic risk of bipolar disorder.
How the Non-attending Brain Hears Its Owner's Name.
Neural correlates of reflection on actual versus ideal self-discrepancy.
The integration of the internal and external milieu in the insula during dynamic emotional experiences.
Altered Functional Connectivity in Patients with Subcortical Vascular Cognitive Impairment--A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study.
Atomoxetine Treatment Strengthens an Anti-Correlated Relationship between Functional Brain Networks in Medication-Naïve Adults with Attention-Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder: A Randomized Double-Blind Placebo-Controlled Clinical Trial
Right Frontoinsular Cortex and Subcortical Activity to Infant Cry Is Associated with Maternal Mental State Talk
Medial temporal lobe activity associated with the successful retrieval of destination memory.
Regional homogeneity of spontaneous brain activity in adult patients with obsessive-compulsive disorder before and after cognitive behavioural therapy.
A multi-pathway hypothesis for human visual fear signaling
A pilot study investigating changes in neural processing after mindfulness training in elite athletes.
Do intuitive and deliberate judgments rely on two distinct neural systems? A case study in face processing.
Mindfulness is associated with intrinsic functional connectivity between default mode and salience networks.
Alteration of Basal Ganglia and Right Frontoparietal Network in Early Drug-Naive Parkinson's Disease during Heat Pain Stimuli and Resting State.
Adults with high social anhedonia have altered neural connectivity with ventral lateral prefrontal cortex when processing positive social signals
Altered Functional Connectivity of Fusiform Gyrus in Subjects with Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment: A Resting-State fMRI Study
The duality of temporal encoding – the intrinsic and extrinsic representation of time
Lateralization of Temporal Lobe Epilepsy Based on Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging and Machine Learning
Increased prefrontal and parietal cortical thickness does not correlate with anhedonia in patients with untreated first-episode major depressive disorders.
Effects of intranasal oxytocin on amygdala reactivity to emotional faces in recently trauma-exposed individuals.
SNARC meets SPARC in fMRI--Interdependence of compatibility effects depends on semantic content.
Motor loop dysfunction causes impaired cognitive sequencing in patients suffering from Parkinson's disease.
Cortical thickness in adults with agenesis of the corpus callosum.
Resting-state functional connectivity density mapping of etiology confirmed unilateral pulsatile tinnitus patients: Altered functional hubs in the early stage of disease
Endogenous GLP-1 mediates postprandial reductions in activation in central reward and satiety areas in patients with type 2 diabetes
Aberrant functional connectivity of resting state networks associated with trait anxiety.
Genetic and neural correlates of romantic relationship satisfaction.
Decreased inhibitory control of negative information in directed forgetting.
Resting-state connectivity of the amygdala predicts response to cognitive behavioral therapy in obsessive compulsive disorder.
Physiological brainstem mechanisms of trigeminal nociception: An fMRI study at 3T.
Gambling on visual performance: neural correlates of metacognitive choice between visual lotteries.
The DA antagonist tiapride impairs context-related extinction learning in a novel context without affecting renewal
Impact of real-time fMRI working memory feedback training on the interactions between three core brain networks.
Brain activation during associative short-term memory maintenance is not predictive for subsequent retrieval.
Neuroimaging of the joint Simon effect with believed biological and non-biological co-actors.
Temporo-parietal and fronto-parietal lobe contributions to theory of mind and executive control: an fMRI study of verbal jokes
Repetition-Related Reductions in Neural Activity during Emotional Simulations of Future Events.
Differential motor and prefrontal cerebello-cortical network development: Evidence from multimodal neuroimaging.
Abnormal degree centrality of functional hubs associated with negative coping in older Chinese adults who lost their only child.
Neuropathic Pain and Functional Reorganization in the Primary Sensorimotor Cortex After Spinal Cord Injury
Subtypes of trait impulsivity differentially correlate with neural responses to food choices.
Tensor-Based Morphometry Reveals Volumetric Deficits in Moderate=Severe Pediatric Traumatic Brain Injury
Convergence of EEG and fMRI measures of reward anticipation.
Hyper-influence of the orbitofrontal cortex over the ventral striatum in obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Chronotype Modulates Language Processing-Related Cerebral Activity during Functional MRI (fMRI)
The Relationship between Processing Speed and Regional White Matter Volume in Healthy Young People
Changes in functional connectivity related to direct training and generalization effects of a word finding treatment in chronic aphasia.
Negative emotions facilitate isometric force through activation of prefrontal cortex and periaqueductal gray.
When your error becomes my error: anterior insula activation in response to observed errors is modulated by agency.
Structural and functional connectivity of the subthalamic nucleus during vocal emotion decoding.
Functional brain imaging predicts public health campaign success.
The neural basis of trait self-esteem revealed by the amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations and resting state functional connectivity.
Individual Differences in Adult Reading Are Associated with Left Temporo-parietal to Dorsal Striatal Functional Connectivity.
Decoding Episodic Retrieval Processes: Frontoparietal and Medial Temporal Lobe Contributions to Free Recall.
Neural Signatures of Controlled and Automatic Retrieval Processes in Memory-based Decision-making.
Decreased bilateral thalamic gray matter volume in first-episode schizophrenia with prominent hallucinatory symptoms: A volumetric MRI study
Brain activation to negative stimuli mediates a relationship between adolescent marijuana use and later emotional functioning.
Amygdala subnuclei resting-state functional connectivity sex and estrogen differences
Brain Correlates of Self-Evaluation Deficits in Schizophrenia: A Combined Functional and Structural MRI Study.
Aberrant brain responses to emotionally valent words is normalised after cognitive behavioural therapy in female depressed adolescents.
Double-letter processing in surface dyslexia and dysgraphia following a left temporal lesion: A multimodal neuroimaging study.
Shall I compare thee: The neural basis of literary awareness, and its benefits to cognition.
Differential therapeutic effects of 12-week treatment of atomoxetine and methylphenidate on drug-naive children with attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder: A counting Stroop functional MRI study.
Comparison of ApoE-related brain connectivity differences in early MCI and normal aging populations: an fMRI study.
Gray matter volume alterations in first-episode drug-naïve patients with deficit and nondeficit schizophrenia.
Effects of acute tryptophan depletion on raphe functional connectivity in depression.
Structural and physiological MRI correlates of occult cerebrovascular disease in late-onset epilepsy.
Normalization of aberrant resting state functional connectivity in fibromyalgia patients following a three month physical exercise therapy.
Neural signal during immediate reward anticipation in schizophrenia: Relationship to real-world motivation and function.
Exercise Therapy for Parkinson's Disease: Pedaling Rate Is Related to Changes in Motor Connectivity
Reward breaks through center-surround inhibition via anterior insula.
Neural responses to kindness and malevolence differ in illness and recovery in women with anorexia nervosa.
One-year-old fear memories rapidly activate human fusiform gyrus
Topology-defined units in numerosity perception.
Posterior Cingulate Lactate as a Metabolic Biomarker in Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment
Gray and White Matter Volumes and Cognitive Dysfunction in Drug-Naïve Newly Diagnosed Pediatric Epilepsy
Neural basis of disgust perception in racial prejudice.
Investigation of the cingulate cortex in idiopathic generalized epilepsy.
Priming for novel object associations: Neural differences from object item priming and equivalent forms of recognition.
Meta-analysis of real-time fMRI neurofeedback studies using individual participant data: How is brain regulation mediated?
Left ventral occipitotemporal activation during orthographic and semantic processing of auditory words.
How prior expectations shape multisensory perception.
The visual perception of natural motion: abnormal task-related neural activity in DYT1 dystonia.
Action in Perception: Prominent Visuo-Motor Functional Symmetry in Musicians during Music Listening
Navigating through digital folders uses the same brain structures as real world navigation
Structural brain alterations in hemifacial spasm: A voxel-based morphometry and diffusion tensor imaging study.
Anatomical and functional brain abnormalities in unmedicated major depressive disorder
A Multi-Dimensional and Integrative Approach to Examining the High-Risk and Ultra-High-Risk Stages of Bipolar Disorder
Psychogenic and neural visual-cue response in PD dopamine dysregulation syndrome
Temporal dynamics of visual working memory
Neural structures involved in visual search guidance by reward-enhanced contextual cueing of the target location.
Testing the antidepressant properties of the peptide ARA290 in a human neuropsychological model of drug action.
Transition from reactive control to proactive control across conflict adaptation: An sLORETA study
Combined omega-3 fatty acids, aerobic exercise and cognitive stimulation prevents decline in gray matter volume of the frontal, parietal and cingulate cortex in patients with mild cognitive impairment
Disrupted prefrontal activity during emotion processing in complicated grief: An fMRI investigation.
Adolescent neurodevelopment of cognitive control and risk-taking in negative family contexts.
Habitual suppression relates to difficulty in regulating emotion with cognitive reappraisal.
Ventral fronto-parietal contributions to the disruption of visual working memory storage.
Are Structural Changes Induced by Lithium in the HIV Brain Accompanied by Changes in Functional Connectivity?
White matter microstructural characteristics in Bipolar I and Bipolar II Disorder: A diffusion tensor imaging study.
Dentatorubrothalamic tract localization with postmortem MR diffusion tractography compared to histological 3D reconstruction.
Phenomenologically distinct psychotomimetic effects of ketamine are associated with cerebral blood flow changes in functionally relevant cerebral foci: a continuous arterial spin labelling study.
The Value of Being Wrong: Intermittent Feedback Delivery Alters the Striatal Response to Negative Feedback.
Asymmetric Processing of Numerical and Nonnumerical Magnitudes in the Brain: An fMRI Study.
Cortical Thickness in Fusiform Face Area Predicts Face and Object Recognition Performance.
Cerebellar Contribution to Pattern Separation of Human Hippocampal Memory Circuits
The Brain Activity in Brodmann Area 17: A Potential Bio-Marker to Predict Patient Responses to Antiepileptic Drugs
Mechanisms of hemispheric lateralization: Asymmetric interhemispheric recruitment in the face perception network.
Sex commonalities and differences in the relationship between resilient personality and the intrinsic connectivity of the salience and default mode networks.
Reductions in Cortico-Striatal Hyperconnectivity Accompany Successful Treatment of Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder with Dorsomedial Prefrontal rTMS
Abnormal functional integration of thalamic low frequency oscillation in the BOLD signal after acute heroin treatment.
BASCO: a toolbox for task-related functional connectivity.
Superior memorizers employ different neural networks for encoding and recall.
Physical attractiveness and sex as modulatory factors of empathic brain responses to pain.
Effects of social sustainability signaling on neural valuation signals and taste-experience of food products.
Resting state functional connectivity differences between behavioral variant frontotemporal dementia and Alzheimer's disease.
Multi-modal representation of effector modality in frontal cortex during rule switching
Neural regions discriminating contextual information as conveyed through the learned preferences of others
The dissociation between command following and communication in disorders of consciousness: an fMRI study in healthy subjects
Altered connectivity of the dorsal and ventral visual regions in dyslexic children: a resting-state fMRI study.
An engineered glove for investigating the neural correlates of finger movements using functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Neural correlates of reward processing in healthy siblings of patients with schizophrenia.
Recovery of resting brain connectivity ensuing mild traumatic brain injury
Neurobiology of Sleep Disturbances in PTSD Patients and Traumatized Controls: MRI and SPECT Findings
Framing effects reveal discrete lexical-semantic and sublexical procedures in reading: an fMRI study
Frequency-dependent changes in the amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations in internet gaming disorder
Pushing the Limits: Chronotype and Time of Day Modulate Working Memory-Dependent Cerebral Activity
Learning from the other limb's experience: sharing the ‘trained’ M1 representation of the motor sequence knowledge
DTI and VBM reveal white matter changes without associated gray matter changes in patients with idiopathic restless legs syndrome
Neural basis of motivational approach and withdrawal behaviors in neurodegenerative disease
Altered resting perfusion and functional connectivity of default mode network in youth with autism spectrum disorder.
Specific Correlation between the Hegu Point (LI4) and the Orofacial Part: Evidence from an fMRI Study
Reduced Verbal Fluency following Subthalamic Deep Brain Stimulation: A Frontal-Related Cognitive Deficit?
Altered Recruitment of the Attention Network Is Associated with Disability and Cognitive Impairment in Pediatric Patients with Acquired Brain Injury
Impaired target detection in schizophrenia and the ventral attentional network: Findings from a joint event-related potential-functional MRI analysis.
Abnormal Resting-State Functional Connectivity in Patients with Chronic Fatigue Syndrome: Results of Seed and Data-Driven Analyses
Emotional context modulates embodied metaphor comprehension.
Motor imagery of hand actions: Decoding the content of motor imagery from brain activity in frontal and parietal motor areas.
Behavioral activation can normalize neural hypoactivation in subthreshold depression during a monetary incentive delay task.
Adverse childhood experiences influence the detrimental effect of bipolar disorder and schizophrenia on cortico-limbic grey matter volumes.
Disgust proneness and associated neural substrates in obesity.
Can beneficial ends justify lying? Neural responses to the passive reception of lies and truth-telling with beneficial and harmful monetary outcomes.
Insula response and connectivity during social and non-social attention in children with autism.
The effects of N-Acetylcysteine on frontostriatal resting-state functional connectivity, withdrawal symptoms and smoking abstinence: A double-blind, placebo-controlled fMRI pilot study.
Altered processing of self-related emotional stimuli in mindfulness meditators.
The impact of therapists’ words on the adolescent brain: In the context of addiction treatment
Working memory activation of neural networks in the elderly as a function of information processing phase and task complexity
Data-Driven and Predefined ROI-Based Quantification of Long-Term Resting-State fMRI Reproducibility
Specific white matter tissue microstructure changes associated with obesity
Patterns of effective connectivity during memory encoding and retrieval differ between patients with mild cognitive impairment and healthy older adults.
Antisaccade-related brain activation in children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder--A pilot study.
Human amygdala activations during nasal chemoreception.
Effect of emotional valence on retrieval-related recapitulation of encoding activity in the ventral visual stream.
Predicting better performance on a college preparedness test from narrative comprehension at the age of 6 years: An fMRI study.
Chronological age and its impact on associative learning proficiency and brain structure in middle adulthood.
Pain and temperature processing in dementia: a clinical and neuroanatomical analysis
Blockade of the brachial plexus abolishes activation of specific brain regions by electroacupuncture at LI4: a functional MRI study
A Neural Mechanism of Strategic Social Choice under Sanction-Induced Norm Compliance1,2,3
Distinct vestibular effects on early and late somatosensory cortical processing in humans
Acupuncture at KI3 in healthy volunteers induces specific cortical functional activity: an fMRI study
Essential tremor is associated with disruption of functional connectivity in the ventral intermediate Nucleus--Motor Cortex--Cerebellum circuit.
Subclinical depression severity is associated with distinct patterns of functional connectivity for subregions of anterior cingulate cortex
Brain Activation of Negative Feedback in Rule Acquisition Revealed in a Segmented Wisconsin Card Sorting Test.
Re-Identification Risk versus Data Utility for Aggregated Mobility Research Using Mobile Phone Location Data
Acute Modulation of Brain Connectivity in Parkinson Disease after Automatic Mechanical Peripheral Stimulation: A Pilot Study
Dysfunctional Default Mode Network in Methadone Treated Patients Who Have a Higher Heroin Relapse Risk
Distinct contributions of lateral orbito-frontal cortex, striatum, and fronto-parietal network regions for rule encoding and control of memory-based implementation during instructed reversal learning.
Menstrual cycle phase modulates reward sensitivity and performance monitoring in young women: Preliminary fMRI evidence.
Fear of negative evaluation is associated with altered brain function in nonclinical subjects
Relationship between Brain Age-Related Reduction in Gray Matter and Educational Attainment
The neural basis of humour comprehension and humour appreciation: The roles of the temporoparietal junction and superior frontal gyrus.
Reprint of: Visual processing of words in a patient with visual form agnosia: A behavioural and fMRI study.
Fuzzy approximate entropy analysis of resting state fMRI signal complexity across the adult life span
The fMRI BOLD response to unisensory and multisensory smoking cues in nicotine-dependent adults.
Mapping 3-year changes in gray matter and metabolism in Abeta-positive nondemented subjects.
Effects of haloperidol and aripiprazole on the human mesolimbic motivational system: A pharmacological fMRI study.
Preserved Self-other Distinction During Empathy in Autism is Linked to Network Integrity of Right Supramarginal Gyrus.
N270 sensitivity to conflict strength and working memory: A combined ERP and sLORETA study
Mapping multidimensional pain experience onto electrophysiological responses to noxious laser heat stimuli
Investigating the functions of subregions within anterior hippocampus.
Broca's region and Visual Word Form Area activation differ during a predictive Stroop task.
fMRI neurofeedback of amygdala response to aversive stimuli enhances prefrontal-limbic brain connectivity.
Processing of decision-making and social threat in patients with history of suicidal attempt: A neuroimaging replication study.
Women with borderline personality disorder do not show altered BOLD responses during response inhibition
fMRI investigation of response inhibition, emotion, impulsivity, and clinical high-risk behavior in adolescents.
Dysfunctional putamen modulation during bimanual finger-to-thumb movement in patients with Parkinson's disease
Brain activation during visual working memory correlates with behavioral mobility performance in older adults
Amplitude-modulated stimuli reveal auditory-visual interactions in brain activity and brain connectivity
Neural correlates of gratitude
Walking indoors, walking outdoors: an fMRI study
Music Therapy Using Singing Training Improves Psychomotor Speed in Patients with Alzheimer's Disease: A Neuropsychological and fMRI Study
Default mode network segregation and social deficits in autism spectrum disorder: Evidence from non-medicated children.
Abnormalities in personal space and parietal-frontal function in schizophrenia.
Increased subcortical neural activity among HIV+ individuals during a lexical retrieval task
Reduced prefrontal activation during working and long-term memory tasks and impaired patient-reported cognition among cancer survivors post-chemotherapy compared with healthy controls
The Synapse Project: Engagement in mentally challenging activities enhances neural efficiency
Objective selection of epilepsy-related independent components from EEG data.
Diminished neural adaptation during implicit learning in autism.
A hemodynamic model for layered BOLD signals.
Role of the human retrosplenial cortex/parieto-occipital sulcus in perspective priming.
Human-Robot Interaction: Does Robotic Guidance Force Affect Gait-Related Brain Dynamics during Robot-Assisted Treadmill Walking?
Neural substrates of spontaneous narrative production in focal neurodegenerative disease.
Amplified Brain Processing of Dentoalveolar Pressure Stimulus in Persistent Dentoalveolar Pain Disorder Patients
Perceiving and expressing feelings through actions in relation to individual differences in empathic traits: the Action and Feelings Questionnaire (AFQ)
Mapping anhedonia-specific dysfunction in a transdiagnostic approach: an ALE meta-analysis
Functional Activation during the Rapid Visual Information Processing Task in a Middle Aged Cohort: An fMRI Study.
A Neural Correlate of Strategic Exploration at the Onset of Adolescence.
Altered neural activation during prepotent response inhibition in breast cancer survivors treated with chemotherapy: an fMRI study.
ADHD and cannabis use in young adults examined using fMRI of a Go/NoGo task.
Disrupted default mode network connectivity in male adolescents with conduct disorder.
BAS-drive trait modulates dorsomedial striatum activity during reward response-outcome associations.
Gray and white matter volume abnormalities in generalized anxiety disorder by categorical and dimensional characterization
Fitness, but not physical activity, is related to functional integrity of brain networks associated with aging.
Fronto-temporal regions encode the manner of motion in spatial language.
Disrupted sensorimotor and social-cognitive networks underlie symptoms in childhood-onset schizophrenia.
The neural circuitry supporting goal maintenance during cognitive control: a comparison of expectancy AX-CPT and dot probe expectancy paradigms
Eating behavior associated with gray matter volume alternations: A voxel based morphometry study
A Voxel-Based Morphometry Study of the Brain of University Students Majoring in Music and Nonmusic Disciplines
Different interaction modes for the default mode network revealed by resting state functional magnetic resonance imaging.
A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study to Investigate the Utility of a Picture Imagination Task in Investigating Neural Responses in Patients with Chronic Musculoskeletal Pain to Daily Physical
Preschoolers' brains rely on semantic cues prior to the mastery of syntax during sentence comprehension.
Double inversion recovery imaging improves the evaluation of gray matter volume losses in patients with Alzheimer's disease and mild cognitive impairment.
Experience of negative emotions in Parkinson's disease: An fMRI investigation.
The neural network of saccadic foreknowledge.
Fluctuation amplitude and local synchronization of brain activity in the ultra-low frequency band: An fMRI investigation of continuous feedback of finger force.
Listening to music in a risk-reward context: The roles of the temporoparietal junction and the orbitofrontal/insular cortices in reward-anticipation, reward-gain, and reward-loss.
Resting-state functional connectivity of the default mode network associated with happiness.
Coordinated activation of premotor and ventromedial prefrontal cortices during vicarious reward
An fMRI comparison of neural activity associated with recognition of familiar melodies in younger and older adults.
Prediction of individual differences in risky behavior in young adults via variations in local brain structure.
How the risky features of previous selection affect subsequent decision-making: evidence from behavioral and fMRI measures.
Distinct neural correlates for attention lapses in patients with schizophrenia and healthy participants.
Neural Mechanisms Underlying Perilesional Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation in Aphasia: A Feasibility Study.
A task-independent neural representation of subjective certainty in visual perception.
Neural bases of accented speech perception.
White matter microstructure contributes to age-related declines in task-induced deactivation of the default mode network
Chemosensory anxiety cues moderate the experience of social exclusion – an fMRI investigation with Cyberball
Altered memory-related functional connectivity of the anterior and posterior hippocampus in older adults at increased genetic risk for Alzheimer's disease.
Effects of Long-Term Treatment on Brain Volume in Patients with Obstructive Sleep Apnea Syndrome
The timing and precision of action prediction in the aging brain.
Transcranial alternating current stimulation affects the BOLD signal in a frequency and task-dependent manner.
Fair play: social norm compliance failures in behavioural variant frontotemporal dementia.
Inferior Frontal Gyrus Activation Underlies the Perception of Emotions, While Precuneus Activation Underlies the Feeling of Emotions during Music Listening
Variation of the default mode network with altered alertness levels induced by propofol
Bilingualism at the core of the brain. Structural differences between bilinguals and monolinguals revealed by subcortical shape analysis.
Brain basis of communicative actions in language.
Network Centrality of Resting-State fMRI in Primary Angle-Closure Glaucoma Before and After Surgery.
Preliminary findings demonstrating latent effects of early adolescent marijuana use onset on cortical architecture.
Region-specific reduction of auditory sensory gating in older adults
Vertex Stimulation as a Control Site for Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation: A Concurrent TMS/fMRI Study
Neural signatures of experimentally induced flow experiences identified in a typical fMRI block design with BOLD imaging.
Cognitive Behavioral Therapy Normalizes Functional Connectivity for Social Threat in Psychosis
Altered regional homogeneity of spontaneous brain activity in idiopathic trigeminal neuralgia
Resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging of the subthalamic microlesion and stimulation effects in Parkinson's disease: Indications of a principal role of the brainstem.
The 5-HTTLPR variant in the serotonin transporter gene modifies degeneration of brain regions important for emotion in behavioral variant frontotemporal dementia.
Neural mechanisms of response inhibition and impulsivity in 22q11.2 deletion carriers and idiopathic attention deficit hyperactivity disorder☆
Relation of Childhood Home Environment to Cortical Thickness in Late Adolescence: Specificity of Experience and Timing
“Taller and Shorter”: Human 3-D Spatial Memory Distorts Familiar Multilevel Buildings
Associations between polygenic risk for schizophrenia and brain function during probabilistic learning in healthy individuals.
Evidence Accumulation and Choice Maintenance Are Dissociated in Human Perceptual Decision Making.
Seeing biological actions in 3D: An fMRI study.
Consolidation of Complex Events via Reinstatement in Posterior Cingulate Cortex
TMS to object cortex affects both object and scene remote networks while TMS to scene cortex only affects scene networks.
The modulation effect of longitudinal acupuncture on resting state functional connectivity in knee osteoarthritis patients
Aberrant functioning of the theory-of-mind network in children and adolescents with autism
Neural substrates of shared attention as social memory: A hyperscanning functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Adaptation of cortical activity to sustained pressure stimulation on the fingertip
The quest for the best: The impact of different EPI sequences on the sensitivity of random effect fMRI group analyses.
The neural correlates of risky decision making across short and long runs
When your friends make you cringe: social closeness modulates vicarious embarrassment-related neural activity.
Functional neural correlates of social approval in schizophrenia.
White matter microstructure between the pre‐SMA and the cingulum bundle is related to response conflict in healthy subjects
Cerebellar Atrophy in Cortical Myoclonic Tremor and Not in Hereditary Essential Tremor—a Voxel-Based Morphometry Study
Atypical Neural Activity in Males But Not Females with Autism Spectrum Disorder.
Using executive control training to suppress amygdala reactivity to aversive information.
Neural signals encoding shifts in beliefs.
The impact of quality assurance assessment on diffusion tensor imaging outcomes in a large-scale population-based cohort.
Structural covariance mapping delineates medial and medio-lateral temporal networks in deja vu.
Right hemisphere grey matter structure and language outcomes in chronic left hemisphere stroke.
The Reference Ability Neural Network Study: Life-time stability of reference-ability neural networks derived from task maps of young adults.
The neural basis of integrating pre- and post-response information for goal-directed actions.
Amygdala response predicts trajectory of symptom reduction during Trauma-Focused Cognitive-Behavioral Therapy among adolescent girls with PTSD
A human brain atlas derived via n-cut parcellation of resting-state and task-based fMRI data
Mirror neuron activation in children with developmental coordination disorder: A functional MRI study
Altered cerebellar-amygdala connectivity in violent offenders: A resting-state fMRI study.
Differences in Neural Activity when Processing Emotional Arousal and Valence in Autism Spectrum Disorders
Cerebellar activity in young people with familial risk for psychosis--The Oulu Brain and Mind Study.
Changes in cortical activity associated with adaptive behavior during repeated balance perturbation of unpredictable timing
Is it the picture or is it the frame? An fMRI study on the neurobiology of framing effects
Altered Basal Ganglia Network Integration in Schizophrenia.
Abnormal frontostriatal activity in recently abstinent cocaine users during implicit moral processing.
Effective emotion regulation strategies improve fMRI and ECG markers of psychopathology in panic disorder: implications for psychological treatment action
A cortical network that marks the moment when conscious representations are updated
Constructing Visual Perception of Body Movement with the Motor Cortex
Intact working memory in non-manifesting LRRK2 carriers--an fMRI study.
T2 relaxation time alterations underlying neurocognitive deficits in alcohol-use disorders (AUD) in an Indian population: A combined conventional ROI and voxel-based relaxometry analysis
Premonitory urges are associated with decreased grey matter thickness within the insula and sensorimotor cortex in young people with Tourette syndrome
Gray and White Matter Degenerations in Subjective Memory Impairment: Comparisons with Normal Controls and Mild Cognitive Impairment
Identifying environmental sounds: a multimodal mapping study
Hippocampal Functioning and Verbal Associative Memory in Adolescents with Congenital Hypothyroidism
Self-affirmation activates brain systems associated with self-related processing and reward and is reinforced by future orientation.
Understanding the influence of personality on dynamic social gesture processing: An fMRI study
Divergent subcortical activity for distinct executive functions: stopping and shifting in obsessive compulsive disorder
Neural correlates of successful memory retrieval in aging: Do executive functioning and task difficulty matter?
Changes in spatial cognition and brain activity after a single dose of testosterone in healthy women.
Phonological processing in primary progressive aphasia
Neural signatures of hand kinematics in leaders vs. followers: A dual-MEG study☆
Age-dependent modulation of the somatosensory network upon eye closure.
Cerebral asymmetry for language: Comparing production with comprehension.
Dorsal and Ventral Pathways for Prosody
Altered sensorimotor activation patterns in idiopathic dystonia—an activation likelihood estimation meta‐analysis of functional brain imaging studies
Is it me? Verbal self-monitoring neural network and clinical insight in schizophrenia.
Using High Spatial Resolution to Improve BOLD fMRI Detection at 3T.
Resting-state functional network connectivity in prefrontal regions differs between unmedicated patients with bipolar and major depressive disorders.
Emotional face processing in post-traumatic stress disorder after reconsolidation impairment using propranolol: A pilot fMRI study
Inflammation is associated with decreased functional connectivity within corticostriatal reward circuitry in depression
Evaluating the impact of cannabis use on thalamic connectivity in youth at clinical high risk of psychosis
Changes in brain functional connectivity patterns are driven by an individual lesion in MS: a resting-state fMRI study.
The reliability of individual differences in face-selective responses in the fusiform gyrus and their relation to face recognition ability.
Working Memory, Reasoning, and Task Switching Training: Transfer Effects, Limitations, and Great Expectations?
Gray matter volume abnormalities were associated with sustained attention in unmedicated major depression
Journal Impact Factor Shapes Scientists’ Reward Signal in the Prospect of Publication
Intrinsic brain abnormalities in irritable bowel syndrome and effect of anxiety and depression.
Looming sensitive cortical regions without V1 input: evidence from a patient with bilateral cortical blindness
Neuroplastic changes in resting-state functional connectivity after stroke rehabilitation.
Comprehension through explanation as the interaction of the brain’s coherence and cognitive control networks
Trying to Put the Puzzle Together: Age and Performance Level Modulate the Neural Response to Increasing Task Load within Left Rostral Prefrontal Cortex
Laterality effects in functional connectivity of the angular gyrus during rest and episodic retrieval.
Neuroanatomical Correlates of Theory of Mind Deficit in Parkinson's Disease: A Multimodal Imaging Study.
The relationship between inflammatory markers and voxel-based gray matter volumes in nondemented older adults.
Default network activation during episodic and semantic memory retrieval: A selective meta-analytic comparison.
Load-related brain activation predicts spatial working memory performance in youth aged 9-12 and is associated with executive function at earlier ages.
Categorical evidence, confidence, and urgency during probabilistic categorization
Genetic Variation in the Catechol-O-Methyl Transferase Val108/158Met Is Linked to the Caudate and Posterior Cingulate Cortex Volume in Healthy Subjects: Voxel-Based Morphometry Analysis of Brain Magnetic Resonance Imaging
Trying to trust: Brain activity during interpersonal social attitude change.
Mismatch or allostatic load? Timing of life adversity differentially shapes gray matter volume and anxious temperament
An Event Related Potentials Study of the Effects of Age, Load and Maintenance Duration on Working Memory Recognition
Differential Neural Processing during Motor Imagery of Daily Activities in Chronic Low Back Pain Patients
Abnormal Neural Responses to Emotional Stimuli but Not Go/NoGo and Stroop Tasks in Adults with a History of Childhood Nocturnal Enuresis
Subthreshold depression is associated with impaired resting-state functional connectivity of the cognitive control network
NEREC, an effective brain mapping protocol for combined language and long-term memory functions
Schematic memory components converge within angular gyrus during retrieval
Beyond the amygdala: Linguistic threat modulates peri-sylvian semantic access cortices.
Spontaneous brain activity following fear reminder of fear conditioning by using resting-state functional MRI
Can the neural–cortisol association be moderated by experience-induced changes in awareness?
Test-retest reliability of fMRI experiments during robot-assisted active and passive stepping
Frequency-specific alternations in the amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations in chronic tinnitus
Increased striatal functional connectivity with auditory cortex in tinnitus.
Adolescent development of context-dependent stimulus-reward association memory and its neural correlates.
Processing ambiguity in a linguistic context: decision-making difficulties in non-aphasic patients with behavioral variant frontotemporal degeneration
How native-like can you possibly get: fMRI evidence for processing accent.
Beta activity in the premotor cortex is increased during stabilized as compared to normal walking
Controlled processing during sequencing
Neural substrates underlying reconcentration for the preparation of an appropriate cognitive state to prevent future mistakes: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study
The relation of general socio-emotional processing to parenting specific behavior: a study of mothers with and without posttraumatic stress disorder
Multi-Modal Imaging of Neural Correlates of Motor Speed Performance in the Trail Making Test
Sex differences in psychophysical and neurophysiological responses to pain in older adults: a cross-sectional study
Contribution of estradiol levels and hormonal contraceptives to sex differences within the fear network during fear conditioning and extinction
Altered Amygdala Connectivity in Individuals with Chronic Traumatic Brain Injury and Comorbid Depressive Symptoms
Segregating attention from response control when performing a motor inhibition task: Segregating attention from response control.
Structural neuroplasticity in expert pianists depends on the age of musical training onset.
Anterior insula coordinates hierarchical processing of tactile mismatch responses.
White matter structural integrity differs between people with schizophrenia and healthy groups as a function of cognitive control.
White matter structures associated with loneliness in young adults
Functional MRI activation in response to panic-specific, non-panic aversive, and neutral pictures in patients with panic disorder and healthy controls.
Mindfulness Meditation-Based Pain Relief Employs Different Neural Mechanisms Than Placebo and Sham Mindfulness Meditation-Induced Analgesia
The Plasticity of Brain Gray Matter and White Matter following Lower Limb Amputation
Localizing Pain Matrix and Theory of Mind networks with both verbal and non-verbal stimuli
Don't watch where you're going: The neural correlates of decoupling eye and arm movements.
EEG marker of inhibitory brain activity correlates with resting-state cerebral blood flow in the reward system in major depression.
Group-regularized individual prediction: theory and application to pain.
Neuroanatomical correlates of attitudes toward suicide in a large healthy sample: A voxel-based morphometric analysis.
Emotional susceptibility trait modulates insula responses and functional connectivity in flavor processing.
A preliminary evaluation of the correlation between regional energy phosphates and resting state functional connectivity in depression.
Less efficient and costly processes of frontal cortex in childhood chronic fatigue syndrome.
Prefrontal cortex connectivity dysfunction in performing the Fist-Edge-Palm task in patients with first-episode schizophrenia and non-psychotic first-degree relatives.
Frontal gray matter abnormalities predict seizure outcome in refractory temporal lobe epilepsy patients.
Autistic fluid intelligence: Increased reliance on visual functional connectivity with diminished modulation of coupling by task difficulty
Altered sensitization patterns to sweet food stimuli in patients recovered from anorexia and bulimia nervosa.
Alterations in functional connectivity of resting state networks during experimental endotoxemia – An exploratory study in healthy men
Source analysis of P3a and P3b components to investigate interaction of depression and anxiety in attentional systems
Neural mechanisms tracking popularity in real-world social networks.
Reward Anticipation in Ventral Striatum and Individual Sensitivity to Reward: A Pilot Study of a Child-Friendly fMRI Task.
Sex Differences in the Default Mode Network with Regard to Autism Spectrum Traits: A Resting State fMRI Study.
Association of abnormal white matter integrity in the acute phase of motor vehicle accidents with post-traumatic stress disorder.
The Impact of Emotional States on Cognitive Control Circuitry and Function.
Learning Temporal Statistics for Sensory Predictions in Aging.
Deep grey matter MRI abnormalities and cognitive function in relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis.
Altered resting-state functional connectivity in women with chronic fatigue syndrome
Dorsal anterior cingulate cortex in typically developing children: Laterality analysis
Longitudinal changes in white matter microstructure after heavy cannabis use
Cortical thickness and low insight into symptoms in enduring schizophrenia.
Alteration of Regional Homogeneity within the Sensorimotor Network after Spinal Cord Decompression in Cervical Spondylotic Myelopathy: A Resting-State fMRI Study
When the brain does not adequately feel the body: Links between low resilience and interoception.
Perception drives production across sensory modalities: A network for sensorimotor integration of visual speech.
Conflict monitoring in speech processing: An fMRI study of error detection in speech production and perception.
Spatiotemporal brain mapping during preparation, perception, and action.
Theory-of-mind-related neural activity for one's romantic partner predicts partner well-being.
Individual differences in the attentional blink: Evidence from the amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations in non-blinkers and blinkers.
Abnormal Degree Centrality of Bilateral Putamen and Left Superior Frontal Gyrus in Schizophrenia with Auditory Hallucinations: A Resting-state Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Neural correlates of and processes underlying generalized and differential return of fear.
ACC and IPL networks in the perception of the faces of parents during selective tasks.
The effect of perceptual expectation on repetition suppression to faces is not modulated by variation in autistic traits.
The neurodevelopmental differences of increasing verbal working memory demand in children and adults.
The impact of fibromyalgia symptoms on brain morphometry.
Neurophysiology of action anticipation in athletes: A systematic review.
Where does brain neural activation in aesthetic responses to visual art occur? Meta-analytic evidence from neuroimaging studies.
Neural evidence that three dimensions organize mental state representation: Rationality, social impact, and valence.
Ventral and dorsal streams for choosing word order during sentence production.
Universal brain signature of proficient reading: Evidence from four contrasting languages.
Past experience shapes ongoing neural patterns for language
Role of emotional processing in depressive responses to sex-hormone manipulation: a pharmacological fMRI study
The association between hemispheric specialization for language production and for spatial attention depends on left-hand preference strength
Modulation effect of the SORL1 gene on functional connectivity density in healthy young adults.
Prenatal cocaine exposure, illicit-substance use and stress and craving processes during adolescence.
Abnormal regional homogeneity in Parkinson's disease: a resting state fMRI study
When minds matter for moral judgment: intent information is neurally encoded for harmful but not impure acts.
The effects of cognitive-behavioral therapy on intrinsic functional brain networks in adults with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder
Correction: Neuroanatomical Correlates of Theory of Mind Deficit in Parkinson's Disease: A Multimodal Imaging Study
Brain functional network abnormality extends beyond the sensorimotor network in brachial plexus injury patients.
Entorhinal volume, aerobic fitness, and recognition memory in healthy young adults: A voxel-based morphometry study.
DICER1 and microRNA regulation in post-traumatic stress disorder with comorbid depression
Dose-dependent effects of isoflurane on regional activity and neural network function: A resting-state fMRI study of 14 rhesus monkeys: An observational study.
Impaired implicit learning and feedback processing after stroke
Prefrontal control and predictors of cognitive behavioral therapy response in social anxiety disorder.
Incidental Memory Encoding Assessed with Signal Detection Theory and Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging (fMRI).
Neural Patterns of the Implicit Association Test
The Neural Correlates of Optimistic and Depressive Tendencies of Self-Evaluations and Resting-State Default Mode Network
Detection of Motor Changes in Huntington's Disease Using Dynamic Causal Modeling.
A Prospective Longitudinal Study of Perceived Infant Outcomes at 18–24 Months: Neural and Psychological Correlates of Parental Thoughts and Actions Assessed during the First Month Postpartum
Mind-Reading Ability and Structural Connectivity Changes in Aging
A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of the Functional MRI Investigation of Motor Neuron Disease
Corticostriatal pathways contribute to the natural time course of positive mood
Abnormal brain activation during directed forgetting of negative memory in depressed patients.
Functional properties of resting state networks in healthy full-term newborns
Orthostatic hypotension, cerebral hypoperfusion, and visuospatial deficits in Lewy body disorders
Neural Correlates of Decision-Making Under Ambiguity and Conflict.
Daily Carnosine and Anserine Supplementation Alters Verbal Episodic Memory and Resting State Network Connectivity in Healthy Elderly Adults
Executive attention control and emotional responding in attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder--A functional MRI study.
Classifying individuals at high-risk for psychosis based on functional brain activity during working memory processing.
Neural correlates of executive attention in adults born very preterm.
Dissonance-Based Eating Disorder Prevention Program Reduces Reward Region Response to Thin Models; How Actions Shape Valuation.
Network-Dependent Modulation of COMT and DRD2 Polymorphisms in Healthy Young Adults
The shaping of social perception by stimulus and knowledge cues to human animacy
The influence of self-awareness on emotional memory formation: an fMRI study
Neural Substrates Related to Motor Memory with Multiple Timescales in Sensorimotor Adaptation
Intrusive memories to traumatic footage: the neural basis of their encoding and involuntary recall
Impulsivity is Associated with Increased Metabolism in the Fronto-Insular Network in Parkinson’s Disease
Neural Substrates of Sexual Desire in Individuals with Problematic Hypersexual Behavior.
The Vulnerability to Suicidal Behavior is Associated with Reduced Connectivity Strength
Exploring Neural Correlates of Different Dimensions in Drug Craving Self-Reports among Heroin Dependents
BDNF Methylation and Maternal Brain Activity in a Violence-Related Sample.
Thinking About a Task Is Associated with Increased Connectivity in Regions Activated by Task Performance
The anterior insula and anterior cingulate cortex are associated with avoidance of dental treatment based on prior experience of treatment in healthy adults
Interaction among subsystems within default mode network diminished in schizophrenia patients: A dynamic connectivity approach.
Dynamic functional-structural coupling within acute functional state change phases: Evidence from a depression recognition study.
Threat visibility modulates the defensive brain circuit underlying fear and anxiety
Antidepressant short-term and long-term brain effects during self-referential processing in major depression.
Heterogeneous and nonlinear development of human posterior parietal cortex function.
Getting to know you: general and specific neural computations for learning about people.
Risk-taking and risky decision-making in Internet gaming disorder: Implications regarding online gaming in the setting of negative consequences
Auditory Spatial Coding Flexibly Recruits Anterior, but Not Posterior, Visuotopic Parietal Cortex
Evidence for a Caregiving Instinct: Rapid Differentiation of Infant from Adult Vocalizations Using Magnetoencephalography
Intrinsic connectivity networks from childhood to late adolescence: Effects of age and sex.
Impaired Frontal-Basal Ganglia Connectivity in Male Adolescents with Conduct Disorder.
Citicoline Treatment Improves Measures of Impulsivity and Task Performance in Chronic Marijuana Smokers: A Pilot BOLD fMRI Study
Neural correlates of event clusters in past and future thoughts: How the brain integrates specific episodes with autobiographical knowledge
Rapidly acquired multisensory association in the olfactory cortex.
Subregional differences in intrinsic amygdala hyper and hypo connectivity in autism spectrum disorder
Effect of handedness on brain activity patterns and effective connectivity network during the semantic task of Chinese characters
Syntactic processing is distributed across the language system.
Magnetic vestibular stimulation modulates default mode network fluctuations.
Cannabis and cocaine decrease cognitive impulse control and functional corticostriatal connectivity in drug users with low activity DBH genotypes.
Interindividual differences in stress sensitivity: basal and stress-induced cortisol levels differentially predict neural vigilance processing under stress.
Analysis of neoplastic lesions in magnetic resonance imaging using self-organizing maps.
Quantitative assessment of cerebral gray matter density change in progressive supranuclear palsy using voxel based morphometry analysis and cerebral MR T1-weighted FLAIR imaging.
Training-induced changes in subsequent-memory effects: No major differences among children, younger adults, and older adults.
Thinking about thinking: Neural mechanisms and effects on memory.
The origins of metamodality in visual object area LO: Bodily topographical biases and increased functional connectivity to S1.
How does language distance between L1 and L2 affect the L2 brain network? An fMRI study of Korean–Chinese–English trilinguals
Fronto-striatal organization: Defining functional and microstructural substrates of behavioural flexibility.
Shifts in connectivity during procedural learning after motor cortex stimulation; a combined transcranial magnetic stimulation /functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Two insular regions are differentially involved in behavioral variant FTD and nonfluent/agrammatic variant PPA.
Expert–novice differences in brain function of field hockey players
Abnormal striatal resting-state functional connectivity in adolescents with obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Increased Frontal Response May Underlie Decreased Tinnitus Severity.
Isolated Focal Dystonia as a Disorder of Large-Scale Functional Networks.
Semantics of the Visual Environment Encoded in Parahippocampal Cortex.
Neuroanatomical anomalies of dyslexia: Disambiguating the effects of disorder, performance, and maturation.
Alterations in Amygdala-Prefrontal Functional Connectivity Account for Excessive Worry and Autonomic Dysregulation in Generalized Anxiety Disorder.
The language profile of behavioral variant frontotemporal dementia
Functional and anatomical basis for brain plasticity in facial palsy rehabilitation using the masseteric nerve
Familiarity and priming are mediated by overlapping neural substrates.
Preservation of episodic memory in semantic dementia: The importance of regions beyond the medial temporal lobes.
Event-related fMRI studies of false memory: An Activation Likelihood Estimation meta-analysis.
Let the man choose what to do: Neural correlates of spontaneous lying and truth-telling.
Altered Neural Correlate of the Self-Agency Experience in First-Episode Schizophrenia-Spectrum Patients: An fMRI Study.
Language modulates brain activity underlying representation of kinship terms
Decreased functional connectivity density in pain-related brain regions of female migraine patients without aura.
Cognitive stimulation of the default-mode network modulates functional connectivity in healthy aging
Using network dynamic fMRI for detection of epileptogenic foci
Longitudinal Cerebral Perfusion Change in Transient Global Amnesia Related to Left Posterior Medial Network Disruption
Abnormal medial prefrontal cortex activity in heavy cannabis users during conscious emotional evaluation.
Neural correlates of state-based decision-making in younger and older adults.
Modulation of meso-limbic reward processing by motivational tendencies in young adolescents and adults.
Longitudinal changes in resting-state fMRI from age 5 to age 6years covary with language development.
Intrinsic medial temporal lobe connectivity relates to individual differences in episodic autobiographical remembering.
Neural correlates of abnormal sensory discrimination in laryngeal dystonia.
Compensatory neural mechanisms in cognitively unimpaired Parkinson disease
Getting the Cocktail Party Started: Masking Effects in Speech Perception.
The Neural Basis of Vocal Pitch Imitation in Humans.
Targeting pain catastrophization in patients with fibromyalgia using virtual reality exposure therapy: a proof-of-concept study
Role of the Insula and Vestibular System in Patients with Chronic Subjective Dizziness: An fMRI Study Using Sound-Evoked Vestibular Stimulation.
Power to Punish Norm Violations Affects the Neural Processes of Fairness-Related Decision Making
Brain Activations Related to Saccadic Response Conflict are not Sensitive to Time on Task.
Theory of Mind and the Whole Brain Functional Connectivity: Behavioral and Neural Evidences with the Amsterdam Resting State Questionnaire
Elevated Preattentive Affective Processing in Individuals with Borderline Personality Disorder: A Preliminary fMRI Study
The Right Supramarginal Gyrus Is Important for Proprioception in Healthy and Stroke-Affected Participants: A Functional MRI Study
Thalamic abnormalities in children with continuous spike-wave during slow-wave sleep: An F-18-fluorodeoxyglucose positron emission tomography perspective.
White matter microstructure in a genetically defined group at increased risk of autism symptoms, and a comparison with idiopathic autism: an exploratory study
How learning shapes the empathic brain.
Brain Activation of Identity Switching in Multiple Identity Tracking Task.
The brain mechanism that reduces the vividness of negative imagery
Motor imagery beyond the motor repertoire: Activity in the primary visual cortex during kinesthetic motor imagery of difficult whole body movements
Altered brain activation in a reversal learning task unmasks adaptive changes in cognitive control in writer's cramp.
Decisions about the past are guided by reinstatement of specific memories in the hippocampus and perirhinal cortex.
Neural correlates of binding lyrics and melodies for the encoding of new songs.
Orbitofrontal and limbic signatures of empathic concern and intentional harm in the behavioral variant frontotemporal dementia.
Music supported therapy promotes motor plasticity in individuals with chronic stroke.
The sequential structure of brain activation predicts skill
Neural correlates of processing “self-conscious” vs. “basic” emotions
Age differences in behavioral and neural correlates of proactive interference: Disentangling the role of overall working memory performance.
Motor and sensory cortical reorganization after bilateral forearm transplantation: Four-year follow-up fMRI case study
Noninvasive evaluation of the correlation between regional cerebral blood flow and intraventricular brain temperature in temporal lobe epilepsy
Abnormal resting state functional connectivity in patients with chronic fatigue syndrome: an arterial spin-labeling fMRI study
Abnormal Frontostriatal Activity During Unexpected Reward Receipt in Depression and Schizophrenia: Relationship to Anhedonia
Prefrontal Reactivity to Social Signals of Threat as a Predictor of Treatment Response in Anxious Youth
Multivariate pattern analysis of obsessive-compulsive disorder using structural neuroanatomy.
Neural correlates of audiotactile phonetic processing in early-blind readers: an fMRI study.
Under-reactive but easily distracted: An fMRI investigation of attentional capture in autism spectrum disorder.
A role for left inferior frontal and posterior superior temporal cortex in extracting a syntactic tree from a sentence.
Gray matter volume and executive functioning correlate with time since injury following mild traumatic brain injury.
Limited microstructural and connectivity deficits despite subcortical volume reductions in school-aged children born preterm with very low birth weight.
Mapping Depression in Schizophrenia: A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Functional Connectivity Estimated from Resting-State fMRI Reveals Selective Alterations in Male Adolescents with Pure Conduct Disorder.
Amygdala and dorsomedial hyperactivity to emotional faces in youth with remitted Major Depression.
Altered intrinsic regional spontaneous brain activity in patients with optic neuritis: a resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Task-switching Cost and Intrinsic Functional Connectivity in the Human Brain: Toward Understanding Individual Differences in Cognitive Flexibility.
A Novel Approach for Dynamic Testing of Total Hip Dislocation under Physiological Conditions
A combined diffusion tensor imaging and magnetic resonance spectroscopy study of patients with schizophrenia.
Disturbed spontaneous brain-activity pattern in patients with optic neuritis using amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Functional connectivity of paired default mode network subregions in primary insomnia
Increases in the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex and decreases the rostral prefrontal cortex activation after-8 weeks of focused attention based mindfulness meditation.
Effects of task complexity on activation of language areas in a semantic decision fMRI protocol
Rhythm makes the world go round: An MEG-TMS study on the role of right TPJ theta oscillations in embodied perspective taking
Acoustic richness modulates the neural networks supporting intelligible speech processing
Progression to deep sleep is characterized by changes to BOLD dynamics in sensory cortices.
Emotional Intent Modulates The Neural Substrates Of Creativity: An fMRI Study of Emotionally Targeted Improvisation in Jazz Musicians
Overlapping neural response to the pain or harm of people, animals, and nature.
Resting State Brain Entropy Alterations in Relapsing Remitting Multiple Sclerosis.
Impact of videogame play on the brain's microstructural properties: cross-sectional and longitudinal analyses
Neural mechanisms supporting evaluation of others’ errors in real-life like conditions
Early visual processing for low spatial frequency fearful face is correlated with cortical volume in patients with schizophrenia
Dissociating Value Representation and Inhibition of Inappropriate Affective Response during Reversal Learning in the Ventromedial Prefrontal Cortex123
Conceptual size representation in ventral visual cortex.
The Effect of Disruption of Prefrontal Cortical Function with Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation on Visual Working Memory.
Association of pain and CNS structural changes after spinal cord injury
Enhancing Motor Network Activity Using Real-Time Functional MRI Neurofeedback of Left Premotor Cortex.
Behavioral and Neural Plasticity of Ocular Motor Control: Changes in Performance and fMRI Activity Following Antisaccade Training.
Implicit and Explicit Attention to Pictures and Words: An fMRI-Study of Concurrent Emotional Stimulus Processing
Effects of acute levodopa challenge on resting cerebral blood flow in Parkinson’s Disease patients assessed using pseudo-continuous arterial spin labeling
Reward value enhances post-decision error-related activity in the cingulate cortex.
Bimodal bilingualism as multisensory training?: Evidence for improved audiovisual speech perception after sign language exposure.
History of childhood maltreatment augments dorsolateral prefrontal processing of emotional valence in PTSD
Grey matter changes of the pain matrix in patients with burning mouth syndrome.
Intensive Working Memory Training Produces Functional Changes in Large-scale Frontoparietal Networks.
Effects of Dietary Protein and Fiber at Breakfast on Appetite,ad LibitumEnergy Intake at Lunch, and Neural Responses to Visual Food Stimuli in Overweight Adults
Gray matter atrophy associated with mild cognitive impairment in Parkinson's disease.
Structural brain alterations in primary open angle glaucoma: a 3T MRI study
Altered functional connectivity in persistent developmental stuttering
Delays in Human-Computer Interaction and Their Effects on Brain Activity.
Proximal vocal threat recruits the right voice-sensitive auditory cortex.
Supplementary Motor Cortical Changes Explored by Resting-State Functional Connectivity in Brachial Plexus Injury
The effects of gratitude expression on neural activity.
Functional connectivity of the amygdala and subgenual cingulate during cognitive reappraisal of emotions in children with MDD history is associated with rumination.
The innate alarm circuit in post-traumatic stress disorder: Conscious and subconscious processing of fear- and trauma-related cues.
Increased white matter connectivity in traumatized children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.
Individual Differences in Anticipatory Somatosensory Cortex Activity for Shock is Positively Related with Trait Anxiety and Multisensory Integration
Memory network plasticity after temporal lobe resection: a longitudinal functional imaging study
Cerebral Correlates of Emotional and Action Appraisals During Visual Processing of Emotional Scenes Depending on Spatial Frequency: A Pilot Study.
Selective Audiovisual Semantic Integration Enabled by Feature-Selective Attention
Cortical thinning in the anterior cingulate cortex predicts multiple sclerosis patients' fluency performance in a lateralised manner.
Task-independent effects are potential confounders in longitudinal imaging studies of learning in schizophrenia
Neurostructural abnormalities associated with axes of emotion dysregulation in generalized anxiety.
Effects of Manganese Exposure on Olfactory Functions in Teenagers: A Pilot Study.
On Known Unknowns: Fluency and the Neural Mechanisms of Illusory Truth.
FTO gene variant modulates the neural correlates of visual food perception.
Affective network and default mode network in depressive adolescents with disruptive behaviors
Nucleus accumbens response to rewards and testosterone levels are related to alcohol use in adolescents and young adults.
Abnormal default-mode network homogeneity and its correlations with personality in drug-naive somatization disorder at rest
Speed-accuracy strategy regulations in prefrontal tumor patients
Influence of the cortical midline structures on moral emotion and motivation in moral decision-making
Co-ordinated structural and functional covariance in the adolescent brain underlies face processing performance.
Inferior frontal cortex activity is modulated by reward sensitivity and performance variability.
Graph-theoretical analysis of resting-state fMRI in pediatric obsessive-compulsive disorder.
The relationship between cortical thickness and body mass index differs between women with anorexia nervosa and healthy controls.
Stimulus-dependent modulation of working memory for identity monitoring: A functional MRI study
Memory-Guided Attention: Independent Contributions of the Hippocampus and Striatum.
The temporal dynamics of metacognition: Dissociating task-related activity from later metacognitive processes
How the brain attunes to sentence processing: Relating behavior, structure, and function
Functional and anatomical dissociation between the orthographic lexicon and the orthographic buffer revealed in reading and writing Chinese characters by fMRI.
Developmental refinement of cortical systems for speech and voice processing.
Amygdala alterations during an emotional conflict task in women recovered from anorexia nervosa.
Externalizing personality traits, empathy, and gray matter volume in healthy young drinkers.
7T MRI in focal epilepsy with unrevealing conventional field strength imaging.
Auditory intensity processing: Effect of MRI background noise
It's Sad but I Like It: The Neural Dissociation Between Musical Emotions and Liking in Experts and Laypersons
Lateral and Medial Ventral Occipitotemporal Regions Interact During the Recognition of Images Revealed from Noise.
Haptically Guided Grasping. fMRI Shows Right-Hemisphere Parietal Stimulus Encoding, and Bilateral Dorso-Ventral Parietal Gradients of Object- and Action-Related Processing during Grasp Execution.
Effects of Stimulus Type and Strategy on Mental Rotation Network: An Activation Likelihood Estimation Meta-Analysis
Impaired Cerebrovascular Function in Coronary Artery Disease Patients and Recovery Following Cardiac Rehabilitation
Gray Matter Volume and Resting-State Functional Connectivity of the Motor Cortex-Cerebellum Network Reflect the Individual Variation in Masticatory Performance in Healthy Elderly People
Gamification of Learning Deactivates the Default Mode Network
Fornix deep brain stimulation circuit effect is dependent on major excitatory transmission via the nucleus accumbens.
Aberrant neural signatures of decision-making: Pathological gamblers display cortico-striatal hypersensitivity to extreme gambles.
Neuronal substrate and effective connectivity of abnormal movement sequencing in schizophrenia
Mental fatigue after mild traumatic brain injury: a 3D-ASL perfusion study.
Preliminary findings of cerebral responses on transcutaneous vagal nerve stimulation on experimental heat pain.
Characterization of Genomic Variants Associated with Scout and Recruit Behavioral Castes in Honey Bees Using Whole-Genome Sequencing
Different roads to the same destination - The impact of impulsivity on decision-making processes under risk within a rewarding context in a healthy male sample.
Altered balance of functional brain networks in Schizophrenia.
Why I tense up when you watch me: Inferior parietal cortex mediates an audience’s influence on motor performance
Brain responses in humans reveal ideal observer-like sensitivity to complex acoustic patterns.
The effect of gender on the neuroanatomy of children with autism spectrum disorders: a support vector machine case-control study
Freezing of gait and white matter changes: a tract-based spatial statistics study
Regional Abnormality of Grey Matter in Schizophrenia: Effect from the Illness or Treatment?
A novel Bayesian approach to accounting for uncertainty in fMRI-derived estimates of cerebral oxygen metabolism fluctuations.
Differential effects of hunger and satiety on insular cortex and hypothalamic functional connectivity
Cognitive load and autonomic response patterns under negative priming demand in depersonalization‐derealization disorder
Orchestrating Proactive and Reactive Mechanisms for Filtering Distracting Information: Brain-Behavior Relationships Revealed by a Mixed-Design fMRI Study
Electroconvulsive therapy increases temporal gray matter volume and cortical thickness.
Efficacy of identifying neural components in the face and emotion processing system in schizophrenia using a dynamic functional localizer.
Mild White Matter Changes in Un-medicated Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder Patients and Their Unaffected Siblings
Is it Worth the Effort? Novel Insights into Obesity-Associated Alterations in Cost-Benefit Decision-Making
Reduced Sensitivity to Sooner Reward During Intertemporal Decision-Making Following Insula Damage in Humans.
Human, Nature, Dynamism: The Effects of Content and Movement Perception on Brain Activations during the Aesthetic Judgment of Representational Paintings
An fMRI Study of Concreteness Effects during Spoken Word Recognition in Aging. Preservation or Attenuation?
Functional Connectivity Density Mapping of Depressive Symptoms and Loneliness in Non-Demented Elderly Male
Cognitive Enhancement Therapy Improves Frontolimbic Regulation of Emotion in Alcohol and/or Cannabis Misusing Schizophrenia: A Preliminary Study
Effect of Frustration on Brain Activation Pattern in Subjects with Different Temperament
Classification of autistic individuals and controls using cross-task characterization of fMRI activity.
Abnormalities in large scale functional networks in unmedicated patients with schizophrenia and effects of risperidone.
The activation of interactive attentional networks
Neural connectivity of alexithymia: Specific association with major depressive disorder.
Alzheimer’s like brain changes correlate with low adiponectin plasma levels in type 2 diabetic patients
Modulation of the default-mode network and the attentional network by self-referential processes in patients with disorder of consciousness.
An fMRI study of perception and action in deaf signers.
Spontaneous activity in default-mode network predicts ascription of self-relatedness to stimuli.
Non-Gaussian diffusion alterations on diffusion kurtosis imaging in patients with early Alzheimer's disease.
Frequency-dependent changes in amplitude of low-frequency oscillations in depression: A resting-state fMRI study.
Reduced default mode network connectivity following combat trauma.
An obesity-associated risk allele within the FTO gene affects human brain activity for areas important for emotion, impulse control and reward in response to food images.
Modulation of hand motor-related area during motor imagery and motor execution before and after middle 2/5 of the MS6 line scalp acupuncture stimulation: An fMRI study.
Functional MRI of emotional memory in adolescent depression
A failure of suppression within the default mode network in depressed adolescents with compulsive internet game play.
Looking at the self in front of others: Neural correlates of attentional bias in social anxiety
Stimulus-dependent amygdala involvement in affective theory of mind generation
Ventral striatum activity when watching preferred pornographic pictures is correlated with symptoms of Internet pornography addiction.
The influence of motherhood on neural systems for reward processing in low income, minority, young women
Abnormally increased and incoherent resting-state activity is shared between patients with schizophrenia and their unaffected siblings.
Enhanced functional connectivity between sensorimotor and visual cortex predicts covariation bias in spider phobia.
Brain Responses to Smoking Cues Differ Based on Nicotine Metabolism Rate
Disentangling introspective and exteroceptive attentional control from emotional appraisal in depression using fMRI: A preliminary study.
Evaluating cognitive models of visual word recognition using fMRI: Effects of lexical and sublexical variables
Neural correlates of different self domains.
Neural basis of hierarchical visual form processing of Japanese Kanji characters
Hippocampal Context Processing during Acquisition of a Predictive Learning Task Is Associated with Renewal in Extinction Recall.
The Semantics of Syntax: The Grounding of Transitive and Intransitive Constructions.
Bilateral Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation Language Treatment Enhances Functional Connectivity in the Left Hemisphere: Preliminary Data from Aphasia.
A Voxel-Based Morphometric MRI Study in Young Adults with Borderline Personality Disorder.
Altered functional connectivity density in high myopia.
Ventral and Dorsal Striatum Networks in Obesity: Link to Food Craving and Weight Gain.
Converging effects of cocaine addiction and sex on neural responses to monetary rewards.
Cortical thickness changes in patients with Parkinson's disease and impulse control disorders
Neural substrates of excessive daytime sleepiness in early drug naïve Parkinson's disease: A resting state functional MRI study
Effects of empathic social responses on the emotions of the recipient.
One Month of Oral Morphine Decreases Gray Matter Volume in the Right Amygdala of Individuals with Low Back Pain: Confirmation of Previously Reported Magnetic Resonance Imaging Results
Alterations in white matter volume and integrity in obesity and type 2 diabetes
Modulation of Orthographic Decoding by Frontal Cortex.
The Exercising Brain: Changes in Functional Connectivity Induced by an Integrated Multimodal Cognitive and Whole-Body Coordination Training
Is Brain Activity during Action Observation Modulated by the Perceived Fairness of the Actor?
Decreased sleep duration is associated with increased fMRI responses to emotional faces in children.
Medial orbital gyrus modulation during spatial perspective changes: Pre- vs. post-8weeks mindfulness meditation
Longitudinal assessment of local and global functional connectivity following sports-related concussion.
Altered Local Spontaneous Brain Activity in Juvenile Myoclonic Epilepsy: A Preliminary Resting-State fMRI Study
Hippocampus and amygdala volumes from magnetic resonance images in children: Assessing accuracy of FreeSurfer and FSL against manual segmentation.
Differential Resting-State Functional Connectivity of Striatal Subregions in Bipolar Depression and Hypomania
Computational substrates of social norm enforcement by unaffected third parties.
Traffic pollution exposure is associated with altered brain connectivity in school children.
Alterations of functional connectivities from early to middle adulthood: Clues from multivariate pattern analysis of resting-state fMRI data.
Characterising resting-state functional connectivity in a large sample of adults with ADHD
Perceptual and Brain Response to Odors Is Associated with Body Mass Index and Postprandial Total Ghrelin Reactivity to a Meal
Binge drinking impacts dorsal striatal response during decision making in adolescents.
Bingham-NODDI: Mapping anisotropic orientation dispersion of neurites using diffusion MRI.
Face-selective regions differ in their ability to classify facial expressions.
Brain-based decoding of mentally imagined film clips and sounds reveals experience-based information patterns in film professionals.
Abnormal functional connectivity density in first-episode, drug-naive adult patients with major depressive disorder.
Altered Intrinsic Functional Brain Architecture in Children at Familial Risk of Major Depression.
Posttraumatic Stress Disorder as a Catalyst for the Association Between Metabolic Syndrome and Reduced Cortical Thickness.
CSF YKL-40 and pTau181 are related to different cerebral morphometric patterns in early AD.
Individual attentional selection capacities are reflected in interhemispheric connectivity of the parietal cortex.
Effects of the BDNF Val66Met Polymorphism on Gray Matter Volume in Typically Developing Children and Adolescents
Abnormal Functional Connectivity Density in Post-traumatic Stress Disorder.
Selective memory retrieval of auditory what and auditory where involves the ventrolateral prefrontal cortex.
Nonspecific Effect of Stress on Brain Gray Matter Volume in Drug-naive Female Patients with First Depressive Episode
GLP-1 receptors exist in the parietal cortex, hypothalamus and medulla of human brains and the GLP-1 analogue liraglutide alters brain activity related to highly desirable food cues in individuals with diabetes: a crossover, randomised, placebo-controlled trial
Decreased Fronto-Limbic Activation and Disrupted Semantic-Cued List Learning in Major Depressive Disorder
Neural responses to a modified Stroop paradigm in patients with complex chronic musculoskeletal pain compared to matched controls: an experimental functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Human mesostriatal response tracks motivational tendencies under naturalistic goal conflict.
Decreased Intra- and Inter-Salience Network Functional Connectivity is Related to Trait Anxiety in Adolescents.
Intrinsic Functional Plasticity of the Thalamocortical System in Minimally Disabled Patients with Relapsing-Remitting Multiple Sclerosis
Fear and Reward Circuit Alterations in Pediatric CRPS.
Neural Correlates of Morphological Processing: Evidence from Chinese.
The Brain Mechanisms Underlying the Perception of Pungent Taste of Capsaicin and the Subsequent Autonomic Responses.
Age Differences in Prefrontal Surface Area and Thickness in Middle Aged to Older Adults
Insular Volume Reduction in Patients with Social Anxiety Disorder
Specific disgust processing in the left insula: New evidence from direct electrical stimulation.
Multimodal Magnetic Resonance Imaging in Alzheimer’s Disease Patients at Prodromal Stage
Aberrant network connectivity during error processing in patients with schizophrenia
Atomoxetine Enhances Connectivity of Prefrontal Networks in Parkinson's Disease
Betel quid dependence is associated with functional connectivity changes of the anterior cingulate cortex: a resting-state fMRI study
Altered periaqueductal gray resting state functional connectivity in migraine and the modulation effect of treatment
Trait self-esteem and neural activities related to self-evaluation and social feedback
Changes in resting state functional connectivity after repetitive transcranial direct current stimulation applied to motor cortex in fibromyalgia patients
Altered resting state functional connectivity of anterior insula in young smokers.
Neural correlates of dystonic tremor: a multimodal study of voice tremor in spasmodic dysphonia.
Aberrant regional homogeneity of resting-state executive control, default mode, and salience networks in adult patients with moyamoya disease.
The effects of DAT1 genotype on fMRI activation in an emotional go/no-go task.
The Semantic Network at Work and Rest: Differential Connectivity of Anterior Temporal Lobe Subregions
Left Superior Temporal Gyrus Is Coupled to Attended Speech in a Cocktail-Party Auditory Scene.
Abnormal Resting-State Functional Connectivity Strength in Mild Cognitive Impairment and Its Conversion to Alzheimer's Disease
Inter-hemispheric connectivity in the fusiform gyrus supports memory consolidation for faces.
Assessing the Neural Correlates of Task-unrelated Thoughts during Episodic Encoding and Their Association with Subsequent Memory in Young and Older Adults.
When I am (almost) 64: The effect of normal ageing on implicit motor imagery in young elderlies.
Neural correlates of unihemispheric and bihemispheric motor cortex stimulation in healthy young adults.
Pathophysiology of the behavioral variant of frontotemporal lobar degeneration: A study combining MRI and FDG-PET.
Abnormal white matter microstructure in drug-naive first episode schizophrenia patients before and after eight weeks of antipsychotic treatment.
New tissue priors for improved automated classification of subcortical brain structures on MRI☆
From Pavlov to pain: How predictability affects the anticipation and processing of visceral pain in a fear conditioning paradigm.
Global brain connectivity alterations in patients with schizophrenia and bipolar spectrum disorders
Distinct medial temporal networks encode surprise during motivation by reward versus punishment
Brain structure links everyday creativity to creative achievement.
Violence-related content in video game may lead to functional connectivity changes in brain networks as revealed by fMRI-ICA in young men
Atypical functional connectivity in resting-state networks of individuals with 22q11.2 deletion syndrome: associations with neurocognitive and psychiatric functioning
Sustained attention in skilled and novice martial arts athletes: a study of event-related potentials and current sources
Seasonality in human cognitive brain responses.
Altered Structural Correlates of Impulsivity in Adolescents with Internet Gaming Disorder
Domain General Sequence Operations Contribute to Pre-SMA Involvement in Visuo-spatial Processing
Why Do Some Find it Hard to Disagree? An fMRI Study.
Lifespan anxiety is reflected in human amygdala cortical connectivity
Abnormal spontaneous brain activity in type 2 diabetes with and without microangiopathy revealed by regional homogeneity
Intrinsic brain subsystem associated with dietary restraint, disinhibition and hunger: an fMRI study.
Language comprehension and brain function in individuals with an optimal outcome from autism
Disrupted Structural and Functional Connectivity in Prefrontal-Hippocampus Circuitry in First-Episode Medication-Naïve Adolescent Depression
Progression of gray matter atrophy in seizure-free patients with temporal lobe epilepsy.
Clinical neuroprediction: Amygdala reactivity predicts depressive symptoms 2 years later.
Resting-state low-frequency fluctuations reflect individual differences in spoken language learning.
Activation and Connectivity within the Default Mode Network Contribute Independently to Future-Oriented Thought
Resting State fMRI Demonstrates a Disturbance of the Cerebello-Cortical Circuit in Essential Tremor.
Medial prefrontal–hippocampal connectivity during emotional memory encoding predicts individual differences in the loss of associative memory specificity
Damage to Fronto-Parietal Networks Impairs Motor Imagery Ability after Stroke: A Voxel-Based Lesion Symptom Mapping Study
Network-Based Analysis Reveals Functional Connectivity Related to Internet Addiction Tendency
Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuations in Multiple-Frequency Bands in Acute Mild Traumatic Brain Injury.
Striatal Activity is Associated with Deficits of Cognitive Control and Aberrant Salience for Patients with Schizophrenia
Aberrant Functional Connectivity and Structural Atrophy in Subcortical Vascular Cognitive Impairment: Relationship with Cognitive Impairments
Fusiform Gyrus Dysfunction is Associated with Perceptual Processing Efficiency to Emotional Faces in Adolescent Depression: A Model-Based Approach
The contribution of surprise to the prediction based modulation of fMRI responses.
ALE meta‐analysis reveals dissociable networks for affective and discriminative aspects of touch
Contribution of substantia nigra glutamate to prediction error signals in schizophrenia: a combined magnetic resonance spectroscopy/functional imaging study
Testosterone Modulates Altered Prefrontal Control of Emotional Actions in Psychopathic Offenders123
Post mTBI fatigue is associated with abnormal brain functional connectivity
Resting-state functional connectivity between the dorsal anterior cingulate cortex and thalamus is associated with risky decision-making in nicotine addicts
Age-related changes in overcoming proactive interference in associative memory: The role of PFC-mediated executive control processes at retrieval.
Interaction between COMT Val(158)Met polymorphism and childhood adversity affects reward processing in adulthood.
Improved FastICA algorithm in fMRI data analysis using the sparsity property of the sources.
Effects of Fast Simple Numerical Calculation Training on Neural Systems
Simultaneous Assessment of White Matter Changes in Microstructure and Connectedness in the Blind Brain
Encoding and Recognition Processing of Chinese Characters: A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Decoding the neural representation of fine-grained conceptual categories.
Identification and individualized prediction of clinical phenotypes in bipolar disorders using neurocognitive data, neuroimaging scans and machine learning.
Neural basis of processing threatening voices in a crowded auditory world.
Are batterers different from other criminals? An fMRI study.
Functional Integration between Salience and Central Executive Networks: A Role for Action Video Game Experience
Overstatement in happiness reporting with ordinal, bounded scale
Reduced brain activation in violent adolescents during response inhibition
Fornix microstructure and memory performance is associated with altered neural connectivity during episodic recognition
Differential Resting State Connectivity Patterns and Impaired Semantically Cued List Learning Test Performance in Early Course Remitted MDD
Mental imagery of speech implicates two mechanisms of perceptual reactivation.
Source modeling of ElectroCorticoGraphy (ECoG) data: Stability analysis and spatial filtering.
Neural basis of uncertain cue processing in trait anxiety
Adding insult to injury: neural sensitivity to social exclusion is associated with internalizing symptoms in chronically peer-victimized girls.
Look into my eyes: Investigating joint attention using interactive eye-tracking and fMRI in a developmental sample.
Hand gestures as visual prosody: BOLD responses to audio-visual alignment are modulated by the communicative nature of the stimuli.
Criticism hurts everybody, praise only some: Common and specific neural responses to approving and disapproving social-evaluative videos.
Competing against a familiar friend: Interactive mechanism of the temporo-parietal junction with the reward-related regions during episodic encoding.
How do negative emotions impair self-control? A neural model of negative urgency.
Reliability of Task-Based fMRI for Preoperative Planning: A Test-Retest Study in Brain Tumor Patients and Healthy Controls.
Waiguan Stimulation May Kindle Anticorrelated Brain Networks: Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Data Revisited
Lesion correlates of impairments in actual tool use following unilateral brain damage.
The anterior midcingulate cortex as a neural node underlying hostility in young adults.
Reduced volume of gray matter in patients with trigeminal neuralgia.
Voluntary control of anterior insula and its functional connections is feedback-independent and increases pain empathy.
Immunity factor contributes to altered brain functional networks in individuals at risk for Alzheimer’s disease: Neuroimaging-genetic evidence
Voxel-based lesion-symptom mapping of stroke lesions underlying somatosensory deficits
Neural correlates of processing harmonic expectancy violations in children and adolescents with OCD.
Sexually dimorphic brain volume interaction in college-aged binge drinkers.
Happier People Show Greater Neural Connectivity during Negative Self-Referential Processing
Hippocampal functional connectivity and episodic memory in early childhood.
The Brain Network of Naming: A Lesson from Primary Progressive Aphasia.
Functional Anatomy of Recognition of Chinese Multi-Character Words: Convergent Evidence from Effects of Transposable Nonwords, Lexicality, and Word Frequency.
Brain correlates of phonological recoding of visual symbols
Predicting clinical outcome from reward circuitry function and white matter structure in behaviorally and emotionally dysregulated youth
Trait Anxiety Modulates Brain Activity during Performance of Verbal Fluency Tasks.
Neural Signaling of Food Healthiness Associated with Emotion Processing
The Neurocognitive Basis for Impaired Dual-Task Performance in Senior Fallers
The Dorsal Anterior Cingulate Cortex Modulates Dialectical Self-Thinking
Transdiagnostic commonalities and differences in resting state functional connectivity of the default mode network in schizophrenia and major depression.
Correlation Between Brain Activation Changes and Cognitive Improvement Following Cognitive Remediation Therapy in Schizophrenia: An Activation Likelihood Estimation Meta-analysis
Dissociable roles of internal feelings and face recognition ability in facial expression decoding.
Dynamic neural mechanisms underlie race disparities in social cognition.
Language structure in the brain: A fixation-related fMRI study of syntactic surprisal in reading.
Association of ventral striatum monoamine oxidase-A binding and functional connectivity in antisocial personality disorder with high impulsivity: A positron emission tomography and functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Somatotopic Semantic Priming and Prediction in the Motor System
Increased Hippocampus–Medial Prefrontal Cortex Resting-State Functional Connectivity and Memory Function after Tai Chi Chuan Practice in Elder Adults
Neural selectivity for communicative auditory signals in Phelan-McDermid syndrome
Bilateral cerebellar activation in unilaterally challenged essential tremor
Verbal memory impairments in schizophrenia associated with cortical thinning.
Testing the connections within face processing circuitry in Capgras delusion with diffusion imaging tractography
Hurt but still alive: Residual activity in the parahippocampal cortex conditions the recognition of familiar places in a patient with topographic agnosia.
Causal connectivity alterations of cortical-subcortical circuit anchored on reduced hemodynamic response brain regions in first-episode drug-naïve major depressive disorder
The push of social pain: Does rejection's sting motivate subsequent social reconnection?
Fusiform Gyrus Laterality in Writing Systems with Different Mapping Principles: An Artificial Orthography Training Study.
Multisensory Part-based Representations of Objects in Human Lateral Occipital Cortex.
A Genetic Polymorphism of the Human Dopamine Transporter Determines the Impact of Sleep Deprivation on Brain Responses to Rewards and Punishments.
The Structural Correlates of Statistical Information Processing during Speech Perception.
Cortical Thickness, Surface Area and Subcortical Volume Differentially Contribute to Cognitive Heterogeneity in Parkinson's Disease.
Linking person perception and person knowledge in the human brain
Exercise-related changes in between-network connectivity in overweight/obese adults
Dynamic causal modelling of eye movements during pursuit: Confirming precision-encoding in V1 using MEG
Multivariate and repeated measures (MRM): A new toolbox for dependent and multimodal group-level neuroimaging data
Enhanced default mode network connectivity with ventral striatum in subthreshold depression individuals
Altered effective connectivity of posterior thalamus in migraine with cutaneous allodynia: a resting-state fMRI study with granger causality analysis
The sexually dimorphic impact of maltreatment on cortical thickness, surface area and gyrification
Functional neuroanatomy of spatial sound processing in Alzheimer's disease.
Resting-State Brain and the FTO Obesity Risk Allele: Default Mode, Sensorimotor, and Salience Network Connectivity Underlying Different Somatosensory Integration and Reward Processing between Genotypes
Meta-Analysis of Functional Neuroimaging and Cognitive Control Studies in Schizophrenia: Preliminary Elucidation of a Core Dysfunctional Timing Network
Ketamine modulates subgenual cingulate connectivity with the memory-related neural circuit—a mechanism of relevance to resistant depression?
Fairness decisions in response to emotions: a functional MRI study among criminal justice-involved boys with conduct disorder.
Hyperdeactivation of the Default Mode Network in People With Schizophrenia When Focusing Attention in Space.
Early cerebral volume reductions and their associations with reduced lupus disease activity in patients with newly-diagnosed systemic lupus erythematosus
Modality specificity in the cerebro-cerebellar neurocircuitry during working memory.
Fronto-Limbic Brain Dysfunction during the Regulation of Emotion in Schizophrenia.
Positive Allosteric Modulator of GABA Lowers BOLD Responses in the Cingulate Cortex.
Neural basis of phonological awareness in beginning readers with familial risk of dyslexia-Results from shallow orthography.
Early dysfunctions of fronto-parietal praxis networks in Parkinson’s disease
Neuronal correlates of personal space intrusion in violent offenders.
Language at rest: A longitudinal study of intrinsic functional connectivity in preterm children☆☆☆☆☆☆
Prefrontal contributions to relational encoding in amnestic mild cognitive impairment.
Lenticulostriate arterial distribution pathology may underlie pediatric anoxic brain injury in drowning
Increased Grey Matter Associated with Long-Term Sahaja Yoga Meditation: A Voxel-Based Morphometry Study.
Reproducing the Hemoglobin Saturation Profile, a Marker of the Blood Oxygenation Level Dependent (BOLD) fMRI Effect, at the Microscopic Level.
Differential Patterns of Dysconnectivity in Mirror Neuron and Mentalizing Networks in Schizophrenia.
Resting-State Coupling between Core Regions within the Central-Executive and Salience Networks Contributes to Working Memory Performance.
Cognitive Benefits of Social Dancing and Walking in Old Age: The Dancing Mind Randomized Controlled Trial
‘Syntactic Perturbation’ During Production Activates the Right IFG, but not Broca’s Area or the ATL
Trial-to-trial Adaptation: Parsing out the Roles of Cerebellum and BG in Predictive Motor Timing.
Neural correlates of self-perceptions in adolescents with major depressive disorder.
Sensorimotor modulation by botulinum toxin A in post-stroke arm spasticity: Passive hand movement
Low-signal-intensity rim on susceptibility-weighted imaging is not a specific finding to progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy.
Impact of task-related changes in heart rate on estimation of hemodynamic response and model fit.
Resting-state functional connectivity of emotion regulation networks in euthymic and non-euthymic bipolar disorder patients
MinR 10/20 system: Quantitative and reproducible cranial landmark setting method for MRI based on minimum initial reference points
Sharing self-related information is associated with intrinsic functional connectivity of cortical midline brain regions
The Effect of Task-Irrelevant Fearful-Face Distractor on Working Memory Processing in Mild Cognitive Impairment versus Healthy Controls: An Exploratory fMRI Study in Female Participants
Neural correlates for aesthetic appraisal of pictograph and its referent: An fMRI study.
Alterations in Cortical Sensorimotor Connectivity following Complete Cervical Spinal Cord Injury: A Prospective Resting-State fMRI Study.
Association of thalamic hyperactivity with treatment-resistant depression and poor response in early treatment for major depression: a resting-state fMRI study using fractional amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations
Characterizing "fibrofog": Subjective appraisal, objective performance, and task-related brain activity during a working memory task.
Alpha desynchronization and fronto­parietal connectivity during spatial working memory encoding deficits in ADHD: A simultaneous EEG­fMRI study
BOLD data representing activation and connectivity for rare no-go versus frequent go cues
The Poggendorff illusion driven by real and illusory contour: Behavioral and neural mechanisms.
Correlation between amygdala BOLD activity and frontal EEG asymmetry during real-time fMRI neurofeedback training in patients with depression.
Klinefelter syndrome has increased brain responses to auditory stimuli and motor output, but not to visual stimuli or Stroop adaptation.
Relationship between G1287A of the NET Gene Polymorphisms and Brain Volume in Major Depressive Disorder: A Voxel-Based MRI Study
Brain mechanisms associated with internally directed attention and self-generated thought
Lateral occipitotemporal cortex (LOTC) activity is greatest while viewing dance compared to visualization and movement: learning and expertise effects.
Altered spontaneous activity of posterior cingulate cortex and superior temporal gyrus are associated with a smoking cessation treatment outcome using varenicline revealed by regional homogeneity.
Methylene blue modulates functional connectivity in the human brain.
Different Roles of Direct and Indirect Frontoparietal Pathways for Individual Working Memory Capacity.
Visuomotor Dissociation in Cerebral Scaling of Size.
Hyperactivity of caudate, parahippocampal, and prefrontal regions during working memory in never-medicated persons at clinical high-risk for psychosis.
A voxel-based morphometric study of age- and sex-related changes in white matter volume in the normal aging brain
Less Daily Computer Use is Related to Smaller Hippocampal Volumes in Cognitively Intact Elderly
Expectations impact short-term memory through changes in connectivity between attention- and task-related brain regions.
Top-Down Activation of Spatiotopic Sensory Codes in Perceptual and Working Memory Search.
Frequency-dependent alterations in regional homogeneity in major depression.
Differences in the central-nervous processing of olfactory stimuli according to their hedonic and arousal characteristics
Neural correlates of individual differences in anxiety sensitivity: an fMRI study using semantic priming.
Theory of mind for processing unexpected events across contexts.
Shared neural basis of social and non-social reward deficits in chronic cocaine users.
Gray matter brain volumes in childhood-maltreated patients with bipolar disorder type I: A voxel-based morphometric study.
The influence of androstadienone during psychosocial stress is modulated by gender, trait anxiety and subjective stress: An fMRI study
Brain Regions Related to Impulsivity Mediate the Effects of Early Adversity on Antisocial Behavior.
The association between stress and mood across the adult lifespan on default mode network.
The neuronal correlates of mirror therapy: A functional magnetic resonance imaging study on mirror-induced visual illusions of ankle movements.
Temporal profile of magnetic resonance angiography and decreased ratio of regulatory T cells after immunological adjuvant administration to mice lacking RNF213, a susceptibility gene for moyamoya disease.
Altered functional brain networks in amnestic mild cognitive impairment: a resting-state fMRI study.
Higher body mass index in older adults is associated with lower gray matter volume: implications for memory performance
Cortisol disrupts the neural correlates of extinction recall
Intrinsic functional network architecture of human semantic processing: Modules and hubs.
Beta-Band Functional Connectivity is Reorganized in Mild Cognitive Impairment after Combined Computerized Physical and Cognitive Training
Testosterone Administration Related Differences in Brain Activation during the Ultimatum Game.
The Neural Basis of Individual Face and Object Perception.
Cough Is Dangerous: Neural Correlates of Implicit Body Symptoms Associations
Differential Responses to a Visual Self-Motion Signal in Human Medial Cortical Regions Revealed by Wide-View Stimulation
Seeking Optimal Region-Of-Interest (ROI) Single-Value Summary Measures for fMRI Studies in Imaging Genetics.
Effects of Hormone Therapy on Brain Volumes Changes of Postmenopausal Women Revealed by Optimally-Discriminative Voxel-Based Morphometry.
The first day is always the hardest: Functional connectivity during cue exposure and the ability to resist smoking in the initial hours of a quit attempt.
Parietal cortex mediates perceptual Gestalt grouping independent of stimulus size.
Causal relationship between effective connectivity within the default mode network and mind-wandering regulation and facilitation.
Diminished Quality of Life and Increased Brain Functional Connectivity in Patients with Hypothyroidism After Total Thyroidectomy
Massive cortical reorganization in sighted Braille readers
Altered Spontaneous Activity in Patients with Persistent Somatoform Pain Disorder Revealed by Regional Homogeneity.
Machine Learning Classification of Cirrhotic Patients with and without Minimal Hepatic Encephalopathy Based on Regional Homogeneity of Intrinsic Brain Activity.
Boredom, sustained attention and the default mode network.
Cognitive and affective theory of mind in dementia with Lewy bodies and Alzheimer’s disease
Primary somatosensory contribution to action observation brain activity—combining fMRI and cTBS
Increased resting state connectivity between ipsilesional motor cortex and contralesional premotor cortex after transcranial direct current stimulation with physical therapy
White Matter Abnormalities in Post-traumatic Stress Disorder Following a Specific Traumatic Event
Rice Grain Quality and Consumer Preferences: A Case Study of Two Rural Towns in the Philippines
Functional Connectivity of the Caudal Anterior Cingulate Cortex Is Decreased in Autism.
Maternal sensitivity and the empathic brain: Influences of early life maltreatment
Multiple genetic imaging study of the association between cholesterol metabolism and brain functional alterations in individuals with risk factors for Alzheimer's disease
Importance of human right inferior frontoparietal network connected by inferior branch of superior longitudinal fasciculus tract in corporeal awareness of kinesthetic illusory movement.
Environmental layout complexity affects neural activity during navigation in humans.
Calcitonin Gene-Related Peptide Modulates Heat Nociception in the Human Brain - An fMRI Study in Healthy Volunteers
The effect of inflammation and its reduction on brain plasticity in multiple sclerosis: MRI evidence
Testosterone reduces functional connectivity during the ‘Reading the Mind in the Eyes’ Test
Cross-modal comparisons of stimulus specificity and commonality in phonological processing.
Resting state connectivity of the medial prefrontal cortex covaries with individual differences in high-frequency heart rate variability.
Putamen-related regional and network functional deficits in first-episode schizophrenia with auditory verbal hallucinations.
Supersize my brain: A cross-sectional voxel-based morphometry study on the association between self-reported dietary restraint and regional grey matter volumes
Lies that feel honest: Dissociating between incentive and deviance processing when evaluating dishonesty.
Effect of Alzheimer's Disease Risk Variant rs3824968 at SORL1 on Regional Gray Matter Volume and Age-Related Interaction in Adult Lifespan
State and Training Effects of Mindfulness Meditation on Brain Networks Reflect Neuronal Mechanisms of Its Antidepressant Effect
Insula Volume and Salience Network Are Associated with Memory Decline in Parkinson Disease: Complementary Analyses of Voxel-Based Morphometry versus Volume of Interest
Altered Resting-State Amygdala Functional Connectivity after Real-Time fMRI Emotion Self-Regulation Training
Brain Activation and Psychomotor Speed in Middle-Aged Patients with Type 1 Diabetes: Relationships with Hyperglycemia and Brain Small Vessel Disease
Non redundant functional brain connectivity in schizophrenia.
Mothers with depressive symptoms display differential brain activations when empathizing with infant faces
Disrupted amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations in antipsychotic-naive adolescents with early-onset schizophrenia.
Decreased gray matter volume is associated with the subtypes of psychotic symptoms in patients with antipsychotic-naïve mild or moderate Alzheimer's disease: A voxel-based morphometry study.
Brain effects of computer-assisted cognitive remediation therapy in anorexia nervosa: A pilot fMRI study.
Functional brain substrate of quality of life in patients with schizophrenia: A brain SPECT multidimensional analysis
Sex-specific neural activity when resolving cognitive interference in individuals with or without prior internalizing disorders.
Direction-dependent activation of the insular cortex during vertical and horizontal hand movements
Task-positive and task-negative networks and their relation to depression: EEG beamformer analysis.
Assessment of trait anxiety and prediction of changes in state anxiety using functional brain imaging: A test-retest study.
Behavioral contagion during learning about another agent's risk-preferences acts on the neural representation of decision-risk.
Neural basis of reward anticipation and its genetic determinants.
Emotion Regulation and Excess Weight: Impaired Affective Processing Characterized by Dysfunctional Insula Activation and Connectivity
Altered striatal intrinsic functional connectivity in pediatric anxiety.
Sex-specific neural circuits of emotion regulation in the centromedial amygdala
Increased ventro-medial prefrontal activations in schizophrenia smokers during cigarette cravings.
Amplified Striatal Responses to Near-Miss Outcomes in Pathological Gamblers
How Extended Is Wernicke's Area? Meta-Analytic Connectivity Study of BA20 and Integrative Proposal
Contributions of self-report and performance-based individual differences measures of social cognitive ability to large-scale neural network functioning.
Functional cross‐hemispheric shift between object‐place paired associate memory and spatial memory in the human hippocampus
Saccadic Eye Movements in Anorexia Nervosa.
The Yin and the Yang of Prediction: An fMRI Study of Semantic Predictive Processing.
Vigilance in the laboratory predicts avoidance in the real world: A dimensional analysis of neural, behavioral, and ecological momentary data in anxious youth.
TheBDNFVal66Met polymorphism is associated with the functional connectivity dynamics of pain modulatory systems in primary dysmenorrhea
High early life stress and aberrant amygdala activity: risk factors for elevated neuropsychiatric symptoms in HIV+ adults.
The effect of action observation/execution on mirror neuron system recruitment: an fMRI study in healthy individuals.
Imbalanced spontaneous brain activity in orbitofrontal-insular circuits in individuals with cognitive vulnerability to depression.
Chinese Character and English Word processing in children's ventral occipitotemporal cortex: fMRI evidence for script invariance.
Association of familial risk for schizophrenia with thalamic and medial prefrontal functional connectivity during attentional control.
Changes in visual perspective influence brain activity patterns during cognitive perspective-taking of other people's pain.
Links between parental depression and longitudinal changes in youths' neural sensitivity to rewards.
Resting-state functional connectivity between amygdala and the ventromedial prefrontal cortex following fear reminder predicts fear extinction.
Functional connectivity between posterior hippocampus and retrosplenial complex predicts individual differences in navigational ability.
Effects of 12 Months Continuous Positive Airway Pressure on Sympathetic Activity Related Brainstem Function and Structure in Obstructive Sleep Apnea.
Context-Dependent Neural Modulations in the Perception of Duration
Surface-Based Morphometry of Cortical Thickness and Surface Area Associated with Heschl's Gyri Duplications in 430 Healthy Volunteers
Simultaneous tDCS-fMRI Identifies Resting State Networks Correlated with Visual Search Enhancement
Studying Sub-Dendrograms of Resting-State Functional Networks with Voxel-Wise Hierarchical Clustering.
NIRS-Based Hyperscanning Reveals Inter-brain Neural Synchronization during Cooperative Jenga Game with Face-to-Face Communication
Areas Recruited during Action Understanding Are Not Modulated by Auditory or Sign Language Experience
Intrinsic Brain Connectivity in Chronic Pain: A Resting-State fMRI Study in Patients with Rheumatoid Arthritis.
The Relationship between Frontotemporal Effective Connectivity during Picture Naming, Behavior, and Preserved Cortical Tissue in Chronic Aphasia.
Higher Language Ability is Related to Angular Gyrus Activation Increase During Semantic Processing, Independent of Sentence Incongruency.
Central as well as Peripheral Attentional Bottlenecks in Dual-Task Performance Activate Lateral Prefrontal Cortices.
Psychopaths Show Enhanced Amygdala Activation during Fear Conditioning
Assessing the Relationship between Neurocognitive Performance and Brain Volume in Chronic Moderate–Severe Traumatic Brain Injury
The differential effect of trigeminal vs. peripheral pain stimulation on visual processing and memory encoding is influenced by pain-related fear.
Neural underpinnings of divergent production of rules in numerical analogical reasoning.
Memory and functional brain differences in a national sample of U.S. veterans with Gulf War Illness.
Cortical pattern separation and item-specific memory encoding.
Neural Network of Predictive Motor Timing in the Context of Gender Differences
Young adult smokers' neural response to graphic cigarette warning labels
Regional correlations between cortical thickness and surface area asymmetries: A surface-based morphometry study of 250 adults.
fMRI neurofeedback of higher visual areas and perceptual biases.
Neural correlates for perception of companion animal photographs.
Altered brain activation and functional connectivity in working memory related networks in patients with type 2 diabetes: An ICA-based analysis
Alcohol Affects Brain Functional Connectivity and its Coupling with Behavior: Greater Effects in Male Heavy Drinkers
Clear signals or mixed messages: inter-individual emotion congruency modulates brain activity underlying affective body perception.
Working memory filtering continues to develop into late adolescence.
Combined DTI Tractography and Functional MRI Study of the Language Connectome in Healthy Volunteers: Extensive Mapping of White Matter Fascicles and Cortical Activations
Functional neuroanatomy of meditation: A review and meta-analysis of 78 functional neuroimaging investigations.
Prior exposure to extreme pain alters neural response to pain in others.
Mindful attention to breath regulates emotions via increased amygdala-prefrontal cortex connectivity.
Look who's judging-Feedback source modulates brain activation to performance feedback in social anxiety.
Voxel-based morphometry in opera singers: Increased gray-matter volume in right somatosensory and auditory cortices.
Altered cerebellar-cerebral functional connectivity in benign adult familial myoclonic epilepsy.
Trails of meaning construction: Symbolic artifacts engage the social brain.
Neuronal interactions in areas of spatial attention reflect avoidance of disgust, but orienting to danger.
The association between perceived social support and amygdala structure.
Modulating rest-break length induces differential recruitment of automatic and controlled attentional processes upon task reengagement.
Sex differences in the functional connectivity of the amygdalae in association with cortisol.
Unique insula subregion resting-state functional connectivity with amygdala complexes in posttraumatic stress disorder and its dissociative subtype.
Brain activity during arithmetic in symbolic and non-symbolic formats in 9-12 year old children.
White and Gray Matter Volume Changes and Correlation with Visual Evoked Potential in Patients with Optic Neuritis: A Voxel-Based Morphometry Study
Functional and structural cerebral changes in key brain regions after a facilitation programme for episodic future thought in relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis patients.
Neural correlates of training and transfer effects in working memory in older adults.
SPARK: Sparsity-based analysis of reliable k-hubness and overlapping network structure in brain functional connectivity.
Rehabilitation of Communicative Abilities in Patients with a History of TBI: Behavioral Improvements and Cerebral Changes in Resting-State Activity
The Self-Pleasantness Judgment Modulates the Encoding Performance and the Default Mode Network Activity.
Retrieval Deficiency in Brain Activity of Working Memory in Amnesic Mild Cognitive Impairment Patients: A Brain Event-Related Potentials Study
Frequency-Dependent Brain Regional Homogeneity Alterations in Patients with Mild Cognitive Impairment during Working Memory State Relative to Resting State
Anomalous Cerebellar Anatomy in Chinese Children with Dyslexia
Neural Correlates of Direct and Indirect Suppression of Autobiographical Memories
A feasibility study exploring the role of pre-operative assessment when examining the mechanism of ‘chemo-brain’ in breast cancer patients
Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study of Brain Activity Associated With Pitch Adaptation During Phonation in Healthy Women Without Voice Disorders
A prosocial online game for social cognition training in adolescents with high-functioning autism: an fMRI study
Toward Semantics in the Wild: Activation to Manipulable Nouns in Naturalistic Reading
Renewal of conditioned fear in a novel context is associated with hippocampal activation and connectivity.
fMRI data from Korean, Chinese and English subjects in a word rhyming judgment task
Evidence for Integrated Visual Face and Body Representations in the Anterior Temporal Lobes.
The Neural Basis of Recollection Rejection: Increases in Hippocampal-Prefrontal Connectivity in the Absence of a Shared Recall-to-Reject and Target Recollection Network.
The Role of Top-Down Focused Spatial Attention in Preattentive Salience Coding and Salience-based Attentional Capture.
Association of Common Polymorphisms in the Nicotinic Acetylcholine Receptor Alpha4 Subunit Gene with an Electrophysiological Endophenotype in a Large Population-Based Sample
Amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation (ALFF) and fractional ALFF in migraine patients: a resting-state functional MRI study
Why sickness hurts: A central mechanism for pain induced by peripheral inflammation
Dyslexic brain activation abnormalities in deep and shallow orthographies: A meta‐analysis of 28 functional neuroimaging studies
Childhood maltreatment predicts reduced inhibition-related activity in the rostral anterior cingulate in PTSD, but not trauma-exposed controls
A study of the brain functional network of Deqi via acupuncturing stimulation at BL40 by rs-fMRI
Aging into Perceptual Control: A Dynamic Causal Modeling for fMRI Study of Bistable Perception.
Medial Prefrontal and Anterior Insular Connectivity in Early Schizophrenia and Major Depressive Disorder: A Resting Functional MRI Evaluation of Large-Scale Brain Network Models.
Cerebral Degeneration in Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis Revealed by 3-Dimensional Texture Analysis
Cerebral Metabolic Differences Associated with Cognitive Impairment in Parkinson’s Disease
Voxel-Wise Meta-Analysis of Gray Matter Changes in Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
Dorsal Anterior Cingulate Cortex Responses to Repeated Social Evaluative Feedback in Young Women with and without a History of Depression
Connectomic and Surface-Based Morphometric Correlates of Acute Mild Traumatic Brain Injury
Linear Discriminant Analysis Achieves High Classification Accuracy for the BOLD fMRI Response to Naturalistic Movie Stimuli.
Beyond Dizziness: Virtual Navigation, Spatial Anxiety and Hippocampal Volume in Bilateral Vestibulopathy
Strategies for tonal and atonal musical interpretation in blind and normally sighted children: an fMRI study.
Neural signatures of second language learning and control.
Neural correlates of hyperalgesia in the monosodium iodoacetate model of osteoarthritis pain
Weight Gain following Pallidal Deep Brain Stimulation: A PET Study
Contrasting variability patterns in the default mode and sensorimotor networks balance in bipolar depression and mania.
The Neural Correlates of Long-Term Carryover following Functional Electrical Stimulation for Stroke
Decreased Functional Connectivity of Homotopic Brain Regions in Chronic Stroke Patients: A Resting State fMRI Study.
Does Older Adults' Cognitive Function Disrupt the Malleability of Their Attitudes toward Outgroup Members?: An fMRI Investigation.
Abnormal degree centrality in Alzheimer's disease patients with depression: A resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Differential neural mechanisms for early and late prediction error detection
Task-specific feature extraction and classification of fMRI volumes using a deep neural network initialized with a deep belief network: Evaluation using sensorimotor tasks.
The salience network dynamics in perceptual decision-making.
A functional neuroimaging study of fusiform response to restricted interests in children and adolescents with autism spectrum disorder
The Associative Memory Deficit in Aging Is Related to Reduced Selectivity of Brain Activity during Encoding.
The Dopaminergic Midbrain Mediates an Effect of Average Reward on Pavlovian Vigor.
Neural representations of novel objects associated with olfactory experience.
Dissociated neural substrates underlying impulsive choice and impulsive action.
Chasing probabilities - Signaling negative and positive prediction errors across domains.
LSD modulates music-induced imagery via changes in parahippocampal connectivity.
Altered intrinsic insular activity predicts symptom severity in unmedicated obsessive-compulsive disorder patients: a resting state functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Neurobiology of knowledge and misperception of lyrics.
Role of features and categories in the organization of object knowledge: Evidence from adaptation fMRI.
Central perception of position sense involves a distributed neural network - Evidence from lesion-behavior analyses.
Excessive users of violent video games do not show emotional desensitization: an fMRI study.
Improved emotional conflict control triggered by the processing priority of negative emotion
Dynamic Changes of Functional Pain Connectome in Women with Primary Dysmenorrhea
Increased body mass index is associated with specific regional alterations in brain structure
Intrinsic functional connectivity in late-life depression: trajectories over the course of pharmacotherapy in remitters and non-remitters
Increased frequency of social interaction is associated with enjoyment enhancement and reward system activation
Effects of childhood trauma on working memory in affective and non-affective psychotic disorders.
Neural correlates of distraction in borderline personality disorder before and after dialectical behavior therapy.
Intrinsic network activity in tinnitus investigated using functional MRI
Altered Intrinsic Regional Activity and Interregional Functional Connectivity in Post-stroke Aphasia
Plastic modulation of episodic memory networks in the aging brain with cognitive decline.
Effects of serotonin 2A/1A receptor stimulation on social exclusion processing
Network Profiles of the Dorsal Anterior Cingulate and Dorsal Prefrontal Cortex in Schizophrenia During Hippocampal-Based Associative Memory
Unconscious Processing of Negative Animals and Objects: Role of the Amygdala Revealed by fMRI
Young and Middle-Aged Schoolteachers Differ in the Neural Correlates of Memory Encoding and Cognitive Fatigue: A Functional MRI Study.
Identifying Individuals at High Risk of Psychosis: Predictive Utility of Support Vector Machine using Structural and Functional MRI Data
Differences among first-episode schizophrenia patients, healthy siblings, and controls at the individual level.
How do you make me feel better? Social cognitive emotion regulation and the default mode network.
Awake reactivation of emotional memory traces through hippocampal–neocortical interactions
The activity in the anterior insulae is modulated by perceptual decision-making difficulty
The Role of the Insular Cortex in Retaliation.
Unfolding the Spatial and Temporal Neural Processing of Making Dishonest Choices.
The Heterogeneity in Retrieved Relations between the Personality Trait ‘Harm Avoidance’ and Gray Matter Volumes Due to Variations in the VBM and ROI Labeling Processing Settings
Neural circuitry involved in quitting after repeated failures: role of the cingulate and temporal parietal junction
Prefrontal Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation for Treatment of Schizophrenia With Predominant Negative Symptoms: A Double-Blind, Sham-Controlled Proof-of-Concept Study.
White Matter Changes in Posttraumatic Stress Disorder Following Mild Traumatic Brain Injury: A Prospective Longitudinal Diffusion Tensor Imaging Study
Microstructural white‐matter abnormalities and their relationship with cognitive dysfunction in obsessive–compulsive disorder
Essential brain structural alterations in major depressive disorder: A voxel-wise meta-analysis on first episode, medication-naive patients.
An fMRI study investigating effects of conceptually related sentences on the perception of degraded speech.
Parental Praise Correlates with Posterior Insular Cortex Gray Matter Volume in Children and Adolescents
The Simpson's paradox and fMRI: Similarities and differences between functional connectivity measures derived from within-subject and across-subject correlations
The neural basis of regret and relief during a sequential risk-taking task
Increased superior frontal gyrus activation during working memory processing in psychosis: Significant relation to cumulative antipsychotic medication and to negative symptoms.
Automaticity and localisation of concurrents predicts colour area activity in grapheme-colour synaesthesia.
Using Structural and Functional Brain Imaging to Investigate Responses to Acute Thermal Pain
Developmental trajectories of cerebral blood flow and oxidative metabolism at baseline and during working memory tasks.
Structural and functional correlates of motor imagery BCI performance: Insights from the patterns of fronto-parietal attention network.
Relationships between sleep quality and brain volume, metabolism, and amyloid deposition in late adulthood.
Characteristics of Resting-State Functional Connectivity in HIV-Associated Neurocognitive Disorder.
Longitudinal development of frontoparietal activity during feedback learning: Contributions of age, performance, working memory and cortical thickness.
Functional independence in resting-state connectivity facilitates higher-order cognition.
Functional Correlates of childhood maltreatment and symptom severity during affective theory of mind tasks in chronic depression.
Cortical abnormalities in Parkinson's disease patients and relationship to depression: A surface-based morphometry study.
Age-related parieto-occipital and other gray matter changes in borderline personality disorder: A meta-analysis of cortical and subcortical structures.
Racial stereotypes impair flexibility of emotional learning.
Auditory motion in the sighted and blind: Early visual deprivation triggers a large-scale imbalance between auditory and “visual” brain regions
Neural correlates of fear-induced sympathetic response associated with the peripheral temperature change rate.
Similar coding of freely chosen and externally cued intentions in a fronto-parietal network.
Cortical thickness in symptomatic and asymptomatic bipolar offspring.
Relationship between grey matter integrity and executive abilities in aging
Cortical and subcortical gray matter shrinkage in alcohol-use disorders: a voxel-based meta-analysis.
Perceptual decisions regarding object manipulation are selectively impaired in apraxia or when tDCS is applied over the left IPL.
Oxytocin receptor polymorphism and childhood social experiences shape adult personality, brain structure and neural correlates of mentalizing.
Sleep deprivation disturbed regional brain activity in healthy subjects: evidence from a functional magnetic resonance-imaging study
Intuitive decision making as a gradual process: investigating semantic intuition-based and priming-based decisions with fMRI.
Correlation between resting state fMRI total neuronal activity and PET metabolism in healthy controls and patients with disorders of consciousness.
No evidence for blocking the return of fear by disrupting reconsolidation prior to extinction learning.
Dance and music training have different effects on white matter diffusivity in sensorimotor pathways.
Dynamics of neural recruitment surrounding the spontaneous arising of thoughts in experienced mindfulness practitioners.
Age associations with neural processing of reward anticipation in adolescents with bipolar disorders.
Connectivity-based parcellation increases network detection sensitivity in resting state fMRI: An investigation into the cingulate cortex in autism.
Machine learning and dyslexia: Classification of individual structural neuro-imaging scans of students with and without dyslexia
Autonomic correlations with MRI are abnormal in the brainstem vasomotor centre in Chronic Fatigue Syndrome.
Subgenual cingulate cortical activity predicts the efficacy of electroconvulsive therapy
Resting-state abnormalities in amnestic mild cognitive impairment: a meta-analysis
Resting-state fMRI reveals potential neural correlates of impaired cognition in Huntington's disease
Non-symbolic and symbolic notations in simple arithmetic differentially involve intraparietal sulcus and angular gyrus activity.
The tract terminations in the temporal lobe: Their location and associated functions
Contour junctions underlie neural representations of scene categories in high-level human visual cortex.
Classification of schizophrenia and bipolar patients using static and dynamic resting-state fMRI brain connectivity.
Awake, Offline Processing during Associative Learning.
Decreased functional connectivity of insula-based network in young adults with internet gaming disorder.
Altered cerebral activity associated with topiramate and its withdrawal in patients with epilepsy with language impairment: An fMRI study using the verb generation task
Cortical grey matter content is associated with both age and bimanual performance, but is not observed to mediate age-related behavioural decline.
A dual but asymmetric role of the dorsal anterior cingulate cortex in response inhibition and switching from a non-salient to salient action
Dynamic emotion perception and prior expectancy.
Reduced frontal cortex thickness and cortical volume associated with pathological narcissism
Behavioral and neural stability of attention bias to threat in healthy adolescents.
Are strong empathizers better mentalizers? Evidence for independence and interaction between the routes of social cognition.
The Effect of Depo Medroxyprogesterone Acetate (DMPA) on Cerebral Food Motivation Centers: A Pilot Study using Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging
Neural activity during object perception in schizophrenia patients is associated with illness duration and affective symptoms.
Altered structural connectivity is related to attention deficit/hyperactivity subtypes: A DTI study.
Neuronal interactions between mentalising and action systems during indirect request processing.
Functional connectivity of the left and right hippocampi: Evidence for functional lateralization along the long-axis using meta-analytic approaches and ultra-high field functional neuroimaging
Reduced posterior parietal cortex activation after training on a visual search task.
Intrinsic functional connectivity predicts individual differences in distractibility.
Taste intensity modulates effective connectivity from the insular cortex to the thalamus in humans.
Comparing the actions of lanicemine and ketamine in depression: key role of the anterior cingulate.
Associative reinstatement memory measures hippocampal function in Parkinson's Disease.
Higher-order Brain Areas Associated with Real-time Functional MRI Neurofeedback Training of the Somato-motor Cortex
Neural activity related to discrimination and vocal production of consonant and dissonant musical intervals.
Airborne copper exposure in school environments associated with poorer motor performance and altered basal ganglia
Sentence processing selectivity in Broca’s area: evident for structure but not syntactic movement
Aberrant resting-state functional connectivity in limbic and cognitive control networks relates to depressive rumination and mindfulness: A pilot study among adolescents with a history of depression.
Cued Reactivation of Motor Learning during Sleep Leads to Overnight Changes in Functional Brain Activity and Connectivity
Olfactory modulation of affective touch processing - A neurophysiological investigation.
Early life stress affects limited regional brain activity in depression
Abnormalities of voxel-based whole-brain functional connectivity patterns predict the progression of hepatic encephalopathy.
Adjunctive selective estrogen receptor modulator increases neural activity in the hippocampus and inferior frontal gyrus during emotional face recognition in schizophrenia
Amplitude of low-frequency oscillations associated with emotional conflict control.
Functional connectivity dynamics during film viewing reveal common networks for different emotional experiences.
Increased functional connectivity between language and visually deprived areas in late and partial blindness
Hemispheric involvement in the processing of Chinese idioms: An fMRI study.
Abnormal resting-state functional connectivity of the left caudate nucleus in obsessive-compulsive disorder.
The relationships between age, associative memory performance, and the neural correlates of successful associative memory encoding.
Altered intra- and interregional synchronization in relapsing–remitting multiple sclerosis: a resting-state fMRI study
Amygdala hyperactivation to angry faces in intermittent explosive disorder
Changes in Effective Connectivity of the Superior Parietal Lobe during Inhibition and Redirection of Eye Movements
Working Memory Network Changes in ALS: An fMRI Study.
Contrasting Evolutionary Patterns of Functional Connectivity in Sensorimotor and Cognitive Regions after Stroke.
Tactile Object Familiarity in the Blind Brain Reveals the Supramodal Perceptual-Mnemonic Nature of the Perirhinal Cortex.
The Effects of Methylphenidate on Resting-State Functional Connectivity of the Basal Nucleus of Meynert, Locus Coeruleus, and Ventral Tegmental Area in Healthy Adults
Structural Neural Substrates of Reading the Mind in the Eyes
A Neural Mechanism of Preference Shifting Under Zero Price Condition.
Effects of Cognitive Training on Resting-State Functional Connectivity of Default Mode, Salience, and Central Executive Networks
A Role of DLPFC in the Learning Process of Human Mate Copying
Pharmacological modulation of pulvinar resting-state regional oscillations and network dynamics in major depression.
Audience effects on the neural correlates of relational reasoning in adolescence.
The tipping point: Value differences and parallel dorsal–ventral frontal circuits gating human approach–avoidance behavior
MEG sensor and source measures of visually induced gamma-band oscillations are highly reliable
Mapping quantal touch using 7 Tesla functional magnetic resonance imaging and single-unit intraneural microstimulation
Dysfunction of the cingulo-opercular network in first-episode medication-naive patients with major depressive disorder.
The neural correlates of recollection and retrieval monitoring: Relationships with age and recollection performance.
The role of prosody and context in sarcasm comprehension: Behavioral and fMRI evidence.
The involvement of the fronto-parietal brain network in oculomotor sequence learning using fMRI.
The neural correlates of memory for a life-threatening event: An fMRI study of passengers from flight AT236
The neural correlates of internal and external comparisons: an fMRI study.
Resilience to the contralateral visual field bias as a window into object representations.
Long-term cognitive impairment of breast cancer patients after chemotherapy: A functional MRI study
Aberrant regional neural fluctuations and functional connectivity in generalized anxiety disorder revealed by resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Dedifferentiated face processing in older adults is linked to lower resting state metabolic activity in fusiform face area.
Neural adaptation in pSTS correlates with perceptual aftereffects to biological motion and with autistic traits.
Distinct neural patterns of social cognition for cooperation versus competition.
Neural Mechanisms Underlying Compensatory and Noncompensatory Strategies in Risky Choice.
Social Cognition as Reinforcement Learning: Feedback Modulates Emotion Inference.
Neural Correlates of Divided Attention in Natural Scenes.
fMRI study of neural sensitization to hedonic stimuli in long‐term, daily cannabis users
Neural processing of negative emotional stimuli and the influence of age, sex and task-related characteristics.
Tuning the Brake While Raising the Stake: Network Dynamics during Sequential Decision-Making
Cortisol alters reward processing in the human brain.
Gray Matter Abnormalities in Temporal Lobe Epilepsy: Relationships with Resting-State Functional Connectivity and Episodic Memory Performance.
Athlete or athletic? Limited differential brain activation in person descriptions using nouns or adjectives.
Urgency urinary incontinence and the interoceptive network: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Voxelwise meta-analysis of gray matter anomalies in chronic cigarette smokers.
The typical development of posterior medial frontal cortex function and connectivity during task control demands in youth 8-19years old.
Alterations in gray matter volume due to unilateral hearing loss
Brain Structural Correlates of Emotion Recognition in Psychopaths.
Sentence understanding depends on contextual use of semantic and real world knowledge.
Predicting individualized clinical measures by a generalized prediction framework and multimodal fusion of MRI data.
To move or not to move, that is the question! Body schema and non-action oriented body representations: An fMRI meta-analytic study.
Prednisolone increases neural reactivity to negative socio-emotional stimuli in healthy young men.
Decreased fractional anisotropy values in two clusters of white matter in patients with schizotypal personality disorder: A DTI study.
Adaptive Prediction Error Coding in the Human Midbrain and Striatum Facilitates Behavioral Adaptation and Learning Efficiency.
fMRI-constrained source analysis reveals early top-down modulations of interference processing using a flanker task.
Lesion-symptom mapping of a complex figure copy task: A large-scale PCA study of the BCoS trial
Resting state functional connectivity of the hippocampus along the anterior-posterior axis and its association with glutamatergic metabolism.
Differential contributions of subregions of medial temporal lobe to memory system in amnestic mild cognitive impairment: insights from fMRI study
Effects of cue focality on the neural mechanisms of prospective memory: A meta-analysis of neuroimaging studies
Anhedonia and general distress show dissociable ventromedial prefrontal cortex connectivity in major depressive disorder
15. Effects of acute aerobic exercise on neural correlates of attention and inhibition in adolescents with bipolar disorder.
Patients with first-episode, drug-naive schizophrenia and subjects at ultra-high risk of psychosis shared increased cerebellar-default mode network connectivity at rest
Longitudinal brain structural alterations and systemic inflammation in obstructive sleep apnea before and after surgical treatment
Lower functional connectivity of default mode network in cognitively normal young adults with mutation of APP, presenilins and APOE epsilon4.
Predictive Motor Timing and the Cerebellar Vermis in Schizophrenia: An fMRI Study.
White Matter Abnormalities Associated With Subsyndromal Psychotic-Like Symptoms Predict Later Social Competence in Children and Adolescents.
Associations between Parents’ Perceived Air Quality in Homes and Health among Children in Nanjing, China
Task and Resting-State fMRI Reveal Altered Salience Responses to Positive Stimuli in Patients with Major Depressive Disorder.
Longitudinal Changes in the Motor Learning-Related Brain Activation Response in Presymptomatic Huntington's Disease
Emergence of representations through repeated training on pronouncing novel letter combinations leads to efficient reading.
Activity in the fronto-parietal network indicates numerical inductive reasoning beyond calculation: An fMRI study combined with a cognitive model
Reduced task-related functional connectivity during a set-shifting task in unmedicated early-stage Parkinson’s disease patients
Alteration of functional connectivity in autism spectrum disorder: effect of age and anatomical distance
Grey Matter Density Predicts the Improvement of Naming Abilities After tDCS Intervention in Agrammatic Variant of Primary Progressive Aphasia.
Neural response patterns in spider, blood-injection-injury and social fearful individuals: new insights from a simultaneous EEG/ECG-fMRI study.
Activation in the Right Inferior Parietal Lobule Reflects the Representation of Musical Structure beyond Simple Pitch Discrimination.
Abnormalities of Inter- and Intra-Hemispheric Functional Connectivity in Autism Spectrum Disorders: A Study Using the Autism Brain Imaging Data Exchange Database.
Mapping of the Underlying Neural Mechanisms of Maintenance and Manipulation in Visuo-Spatial Working Memory Using An n-back Mental Rotation Task: A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study.
Neural Mechanisms of Inhibitory Response in a Battlefield Scenario: A Simultaneous fMRI-EEG Study
The Brain Is Faster than the Hand in Split-Second Intentions to Respond to an Impending Hazard: A Simulation of Neuroadaptive Automation to Speed Recovery to Perturbation in Flight Attitude
Outcome Uncertainty and Brain Activity Aberrance in the Insula and Anterior Cingulate Cortex Are Associated with Dysfunctional Impulsivity in Borderline Personality Disorder.
Neural Correlates of Sex/Gender Differences in Humor Processing for Different Joke Types
Altered Gray Matter Volume and White Matter Integrity in College Students with Mobile Phone Dependence
Conditional Granger Causality Analysis of Effective Connectivity during Motor Imagery and Motor Execution in Stroke Patients
Three-dimensional probability maps of the rhinal and the collateral sulci in the human brain.
Widespread Disrupted White Matter Microstructure in Autism Spectrum Disorders.
The Effect of Mineralocorticoid and Glucocorticoid Receptor Antagonism on Autobiographical Memory Recall and Amygdala Response to Implicit Emotional Stimuli
Increase or Decrease of fMRI Activity in Adult Attention Deficit/ Hyperactivity Disorder: Does It Depend on Task Difficulty?
Impulse control and restrained eating among young women: Evidence for compensatory cortical activation during a chocolate-specific delayed discounting task
Altered engagement of autobiographical memory networks in adult offspring of postnatally depressed mothers.
Identifying grey matter changes in schizotypy using partial least squares correlation.
Altered executive function in the welders: A functional magnetic resonance imaging study
How the brain detects invariance and inhibits variance during category induction.
Perfusion Deficits and Functional Connectivity Alterations in Memory-Related Regions of Patients with Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder.
Using principal component analysis to capture individual differences within a unified neuropsychological model of chronic post-stroke aphasia: Revealing the unique neural correlates of speech fluency,
Does inhibitory control training transfer?: behavioral and neural effects on an untrained emotion regulation task.
Targeting modulates audiences' brain and behavioral responses to safe sex video ads.
Neural dissociations between meaningful and mere inconsistency in impression updating.
Common and distinct patterns of grey-matter volume alteration in major depression and bipolar disorder: evidence from voxel-based meta-analysis
White matter and task-switching in young adults: A Diffusion Tensor Imaging study
The child brain computes and utilizes internalized maternal choices
Aberrant emotion networks in early major depressive disorder patients: an eigenvector centrality mapping study
White Matter Deficits Mediate Effects of Prenatal Alcohol Exposure on Cognitive Development in Childhood
Violating instructed human agency: An fMRI study on ocular tracking of biological and nonbiological motion stimuli.
Encoding of Touch Intensity But Not Pleasantness in Human Primary Somatosensory Cortex
Frequency of Maternal Touch Predicts Resting Activity and Connectivity of the Developing Social Brain
The Human Brainnetome Atlas: A New Brain Atlas Based on Connectional Architecture
PAX6, brain structure and function in human adults: advanced MRI in aniridia
Aberrant structural and functional connectivity in the salience network and central executive network circuit in schizophrenia.
Neurofeedback of visual food cue reactivity: a potential avenue to alter incentive sensitization and craving.
Working memory contributes to the encoding of object location associations: Support for a 3-part model of object location memory
An interplay of fusiform gyrus and hippocampus enables prototype- and exemplar-based category learning.
Blood oxygen level-dependent signals via fMRI in the mood-regulating circuit using two animal models of depression are reversed by chronic escitalopram treatment.
Characterizing cerebellar activity during autobiographical memory retrieval: ALE and functional connectivity investigations
Altered neuronal spontaneous activity correlates with glutamate concentration in medial prefrontal cortex of major depressed females: An fMRI-MRS study.
Social representations and contextual adjustments as two distinct components of the Theory of Mind brain network: Evidence from the REMICS task.
A pilot study of changes in functional brain activity during a working memory task after mSMT treatment: The MEMREHAB trial
Age-related differences in the neural correlates of trial-to-trial variations of reaction time.
Human ROBO1 regulates white matter structure in corpus callosum
Changes in cognitive functions and cerebral grey matter and their associations with inflammatory markers, endocrine markers, and APOE genotypes in testicular cancer patients undergoing treatment.
Which is the most appropriate strategy for conducting multivariate voxel-based group studies on diffusion tensors?
Altered Brain Network in Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis: A Resting Graph Theory-Based Network Study at Voxel-Wise Level.
Modulation of Auditory Spatial Attention by Angry Prosody: An fMRI Auditory Dot-Probe Study.
Eye Movements during Auditory Attention Predict Individual Differences in Dorsal Attention Network Activity.
Concentration: The Neural Underpinnings of How Cognitive Load Shields Against Distraction.
Modulation of the Default Mode Network in First-Episode, Drug-Naive Major Depressive Disorder via Acupuncture at Baihui (GV20) Acupoint.
Small Changes, But Huge Impact? The Right Anterior Insula's Loss of Connection Strength during the Transition of Old to Very Old Age
Age-Related Changes in BOLD Activation Pattern in Phonemic Fluency Paradigm: An Investigation of Activation, Functional Connectivity and Psychophysiological Interactions
Decreased Empathic Responses to the ‘Lucky Guy’ in Love: The Effect of Intrasexual Competition
Brain Activity toward Gaming-Related Cues in Internet Gaming Disorder during an Addiction Stroop Task
Integration Processes Compared: Cortical Differences for Consistency Evaluation and Passive Comprehension in Local and Global Coherence.
Memory-reliant Post-error Slowing Is Associated with Successful Learning and Fronto-occipital Activity.
Abdominal Pain, the Adolescent and Altered Brain Structure and Function.
Association between striatal dopamine D2/D3 receptors and brain activation during visual attention: effects of sleep deprivation
Differential amygdala activation during simulated personal space intrusion by men and women
Differences in Cortical Representation and Structural Connectivity of Hands and Feet between Professional Handball Players and Ballet Dancers
The Parahippocampal Cortex Mediates Contextual Associative Memory: Evidence from an fMRI Study
Aberrant salience network and its functional coupling with default and executive networks in minimal hepatic encephalopathy: a resting-state fMRI study
Handedness is related to neural mechanisms underlying hemispheric lateralization of face processing
Chronic cigarette smoking is linked with structural alterations in brain regions showing acute nicotinic drug-induced functional modulations
Altered resting-state functional activity in posttraumatic stress disorder: A quantitative meta-analysis
Stereoscopically Observing Manipulative Actions
Neural Substrates of Semantic Prospection – Evidence from the Dementias
Reduced Functional Connectivity within the Mesocorticolimbic System in Substance Use Disorders: An fMRI Study of Puerto Rican Young Adults.
Neural mechanisms of goal-contingent task disengagement: Response-irrelevant stimuli activate the default mode network.
Age-dependent differences in brain tissue microstructure assessed with neurite orientation dispersion and density imaging.
On the domain-specificity of the visual and non-visual face-selective regions.
Deficits in Visual System Functional Connectivity after Blast‐Related Mild TBI are Associated with Injury Severity and Executive Dysfunction
Variable activation in striatal subregions across components of a social influence task in young adult cannabis users
Evidencing a place for the hippocampus within the core scene processing network
Human navigation network: the intrinsic functional organization and behavioral relevance.
Neural activity during self-referential working memory and the underlying role of the amygdala in social anxiety disorder.
Perceptual demand and distraction interactions mediated by task-control networks.
Heart rate variability is associated with amygdala functional connectivity with MPFC across younger and older adults.
Uncertainty and expectancy deviations require cortico-subcortical cooperation.
Neural correlates of retaliatory and prosocial reactions to social exclusion: Associations with chronic peer rejection.
Effects of progressive muscle relaxation on cerebral activity: An fMRI investigation
How reliable are MEG resting-state connectivity metrics?
ADORA2A genotype modulates interoceptive and exteroceptive processing in a fronto-insular network
Cultural influences on neural basis of inhibitory control.
Predictability of what or where reduces brain activity, but a bottleneck occurs when both are predictable.
Amplitude of low frequency fluctuations during resting state predicts social well-being.
A diffusional kurtosis imaging study of idiopathic generalized epilepsy with unilateral interictal epileptiform discharges in children
Task-irrelevant fear enhances amygdala-FFG inhibition and decreases subsequent face processing.
Perceived live interaction modulates the developing social brain.
Abnormal regional homogeneity as potential imaging biomarker for psychosis risk syndrome: a resting-state fMRI study and support vector machine analysis
Neural substrates and behavioral profiles of romantic jealousy and its temporal dynamics
Neural mechanisms underlying the impact of daylong cognitive work on economic decisions.
Density abnormalities in normal-appearing gray matter in the middle-aged brain with white matter hyperintense lesions: a DARTEL-enhanced voxel-based morphometry study
Testosterone during Puberty Shifts Emotional Control from Pulvinar to Anterior Prefrontal Cortex.
Neural signals of vicarious extinction learning.
Age-Related Differences in White Matter Integrity in Healthy Human Brain: Evidence from Structural MRI and Diffusion Tensor Imaging
The Presence of Real Food Usurps Hypothetical Health Value Judgment in Overweight People123
Alterations in regional homogeneity of resting-state brain activity in patients with major depressive disorder screening positive on the 32-item hypomania checklist (HCL-32).
Brain morphological alternation in chronic pain patients with neuropathic characteristics
A functional MRI study of altered spontaneous brain activity pattern in patients with congenital comitant strabismus using amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation
Neural Processing of Emotional Musical and Nonmusical Stimuli in Depression.
Brain activation profiles during kinesthetic and visual imagery: An fMRI study
Prediction of individual clinical scores in patients with Parkinson's disease using resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Connectome hubs at resting state in children and adolescents: Reproducibility and psychopathological correlation.
A History of Psychosis in Bipolar Disorder is Associated With Gray Matter Volume Reduction.
Does the sound of a barking dog activate its corresponding visual form? An fMRI investigation of modality-specific semantic access.
Interaction between episodic and semantic memory networks in the acquisition and consolidation of novel spoken words
Inter-hemispheric plasticity in patients with median nerve injury.
Spontaneous pupil dilations during the resting state are associated with activation of the salience network.
Assessment of the upper motor neuron in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Neural correlates of auditory scale illusion
Functional Connectivity Modulation by Acupuncture in Patients with Bell's Palsy
Power spectrum scale invariance as a neural marker of cocaine misuse and altered cognitive control.
Velocity Selective Networks in Human Cortex Reveal Two Functionally Distinct Auditory Motion Systems.
L1 and L2 processing in the bilingual brain: A meta-analysis of neuroimaging studies.
Group cognitive behavioral therapy modulates the resting-state functional connectivity of amygdala-related network in patients with generalized social anxiety disorder
Basal ganglia dysfunction in idiopathic REM sleep behaviour disorder parallels that in early Parkinson’s disease
Behavioural and neuroimaging changes after naming therapy for semantic variant primary progressive aphasia
Increased frontal functional networks in adult survivors of childhood brain tumors.
Face shape and face identity processing in behavioral variant fronto-temporal dementia: A specific deficit for familiarity and name recognition of famous faces.
Dissociation of quantifiers and object nouns in speech in focal neurodegenerative disease.
Arm crossing updates brain functional connectivity of the left posterior parietal cortex
Positron Emission Tomography Reveals Abnormal Topological Organization in Functional Brain Network in Diabetic Patients
First Steps in Using Multi-Voxel Pattern Analysis to Disentangle Neural Processes Underlying Generalization of Spider Fear.
Neural Processing of Familiar and Unfamiliar Children's Faces: Effects of Experienced Love Withdrawal, but No Effects of Neutral and Threatening Priming.
On neural correlates of individual differences in novel grammar learning: An fMRI study.
The Human Retrosplenial Cortex and Thalamus Code Head Direction in a Global Reference Frame.
Previous Institutionalization Is Followed by Broader Amygdala-Hippocampal-PFC Network Connectivity during Aversive Learning in Human Development.
Effects of acute tryptophan depletion on central processing of CT-targeted and discriminatory touch in humans.
Distinct BOLD fMRI Responses of Capsaicin-Induced Thermal Sensation Reveal Pain-Related Brain Activation in Nonhuman Primates.
Diminished Auditory Responses during NREM Sleep Correlate with the Hierarchy of Language Processing.
Changes in the modulation of brain activity during context encoding vs. context retrieval across the adult lifespan.
Understanding the internal states of others by listening to action verbs.
Neuroanatomical Alterations in High-Functioning Adults with Autism Spectrum Disorder.
Brain Bases of Working Memory for Time Intervals in Rhythmic Sequences
Holding Biological Motion in Working Memory: An fMRI Study.
Time-Perception Network and Default Mode Network Are Associated with Temporal Prediction in a Periodic Motion Task.
Emotional Experience and Awareness of Self: Functional MRI Studies of Depersonalization Disorder
Pruning or tuning? Maturational profiles of face specialization during typical development
Brain Activation during Memory Encoding in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A Discordant Twin Pair Study
Frequency Specificity of fMRI in Mesial Temporal Lobe Epilepsy.
Sampling over Nonuniform Distributions: A Neural Efficiency Account of the Primacy Effect in Statistical Learning.
Distinct Neural Suppression and Encoding Effects for Conceptual Novelty and Familiarity.
Word Imageability Enhances Association-memory by Increasing Hippocampal Engagement.
Voxelwise meta-analysis of grey matter atrophy in narcolepsy.
Music and words in the visual cortex: The impact of musical expertise.
Impaired spontaneous belief inference following acquired damage to the left posterior temporoparietal junction
Effects of aging on task- and stimulus-related cerebral attention networks.
Aberrant functional connectivity differentiates retrosplenial cortex from posterior cingulate cortex in prodromal Alzheimer's disease.
Bright-light intervention induces a dose-dependent increase in striatal response to risk in healthy volunteers.
Brain abnormalities in adults with Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder revealed by voxel-based morphometry.
Affect and neural activity in women with PTSD during a task of emotional interference.
Contextual exclusion processing: an fMRI study of rejection in a performance-related context.
From visual to motor strategies: Training in mental rotation of hands.
Investigating Default Mode and Sensorimotor Network Connectivity in Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis.
Brain hemodynamic activity during viewing and re-viewing of comedy movies explained by experienced humor
Beyond the Arcuate Fasciculus: Damage to Ventral and Dorsal Language Pathways in Aphasia.
Mnemonic convergence in the human hippocampus
Neural Correlates of Auditory Figure-Ground Segregation Based on Temporal Coherence
Oxytocin, the peptide that bonds the sexes also divides them.
Sentence processing in anterior superior temporal cortex shows a social-emotional bias.
Orthostatic tremor: a cerebellar pathology?
Functional networks of motor inhibition in conversion disorder patients and feigning subjects.
Shape alterations of basal ganglia and thalamus in xenomelia.
Disconnected neuromagnetic networks in children born very preterm
Decreasing predictability of visual motion enhances feed-forward processing in visual cortex when stimuli are behaviorally relevant.
Neural Global Pattern Similarity Underlies True and False Memories.
Lower prefrontal activation during emotion regulation in subjects at ultrahigh risk for psychosis: an fMRI-study
Hyperglycemia Reduces Efficiency of Brain Networks in Subjects with Type 2 Diabetes
Temporal dynamics of brain activation during 40 minutes of pleasant touch
Ventromedial prefrontal cortex, adding value to autobiographical memories
The brain structure and spontaneous activity baseline of the behavioral bias in trait anxiety.
RIPPLELAB: A Comprehensive Application for the Detection, Analysis and Classification of High Frequency Oscillations in Electroencephalographic Signals
Dissociating patterns of anterior and posterior hippocampal activity and connectivity during distinct forms of category fluency.
A support vector machine-based method to identify mild cognitive impairment with multi-level characteristics of magnetic resonance imaging
Disrupted orbitomedial prefrontal limbic network in individuals with later-life depression.
Neurobiological substrates of cognitive rigidity and autonomic inflexibility in generalized anxiety disorder.
Regional homogeneity changes in amnestic mild cognitive impairment patients.
Conventional metaphors in longer passages evoke affective brain response
Higher resting-state activity in reward-related brain circuits in obese versus normal-weight females independent of food intake
Neural substrates of successful working memory and long-term memory formation in a relational spatial memory task
Altered intrinsic regional brain spontaneous activity in patients with comitant strabismus: a resting-state functional MRI study
Disentangling the autism−anxiety overlap: fMRI of reward processing in a community-based longitudinal study
Prediction and unconscious attention operate synergistically to facilitate stimulus processing: An fMRI study
Sensory and motor cortex function contributes to symptom severity in spinocerebellar ataxia type 6.
Neural differences in self-perception during illness and after weight-recovery in anorexia nervosa
Selective functional connectivity abnormality of the transition zone of the inferior parietal lobule in schizophrenia.
Patterns of regional gray matter loss at different stages of schizophrenia: A multisite, cross-sectional VBM study in first-episode and chronic illness☆
Striatal activation reflects urgency in perceptual decision making.
fMRI Syntactic and Lexical Repetition Effects Reveal the Initial Stages of Learning a New Language.
The Dorsal Medial Prefrontal Cortex Responds Preferentially to Social Interactions during Natural Viewing.
Gain in Body Fat Is Associated with Increased Striatal Response to Palatable Food Cues, whereas Body Fat Stability Is Associated with Decreased Striatal Response.
Volumetric brain abnormalities in polysubstance use disorder patients
Facing competition: Neural mechanisms underlying parallel programming of antisaccades and prosaccades.
Words in Context: The Effects of Length, Frequency, and Predictability on Brain Responses During Natural Reading.
Abnormal spontaneous regional brain activity in primary insomnia: a resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Anterior cingulate hyperactivations during negative emotion processing among men with schizophrenia and a history of violent behavior
Anticipation-related brain connectivity in bipolar and unipolar depression: a graph theory approach.
Amygdala functional connectivity as a longitudinal biomarker of symptom changes in generalized anxiety
Temporal voice areas exist in autism spectrum disorder but are dysfunctional for voice identity recognition
The neural basis of improved cognitive performance by threat of shock.
The imitation game: Effects of social cues on 'imitation' are domain-general in nature.
Neuroanatomical Predictors of Functional Outcome in Individuals at Ultra-High Risk for Psychosis.
Task-related fMRI responses to a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor partial agonist in schizophrenia: A randomized trial
A seed-based cross-modal comparison of brain connectivity measures.
Framing memories: How the retrieval query format shapes the neural bases of remembering.
Patterns of postictal cerebral perfusion in idiopathic generalized epilepsy: a multi-delay multi-parametric arterial spin labelling perfusion MRI study
Decreased neural response for facial emotion processing in subjects with high genetic load for schizophrenia
Resting State Functional Connectivity MRI among Spectral MEG Current Sources in Children on the Autism Spectrum.
What Impact does An Angry Context have Upon Us? The Effect of Anger on Functional Connectivity of the Right Insula and Superior Temporal Gyri.
Vitality Forms Processing in the Insula during Action Observation: A Multivoxel Pattern Analysis
Distinct and Overlapping Brain Areas Engaged during Value-Based, Mathematical, and Emotional Decision Processing
Temporo-parietal connectivity uniquely predicts reading change from childhood to adolescence.
Neural correlates of mindful self-awareness in mindfulness meditators and meditation-naive subjects revisited.
Demonstration and validation of a new pressure-based MRI-safe pain tolerance device.
Prefrontal Cortex Activation Reflects Efficient Exploitation of Higher-order Statistical Structure.
Effects of Body Mass Index and Body Fat Percent on Default Mode, Executive Control, and Salience Network Structure and Function
Characterization of Face-Selective Patches in Orbitofrontal Cortex
Doubt in the Insula: Risk Processing in Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder.
Sex Differences in the Neural Correlates of Specific and General Autobiographical Memory.
Comparing the Neural Correlates of Conscious and Unconscious Conflict Control in a Masked Stroop Priming Task.
The Cognitive Side of M1.
Progressive Bidirectional Age-Related Changes in Default Mode Network Effective Connectivity across Six Decades
The Association of Aging with White Matter Integrity and Functional Connectivity Hubs
Neural Correlates of Math Gains Vary Depending on Parental Socioeconomic Status (SES)
Altered resting-state neural activity and changes following a craving behavioral intervention for Internet gaming disorder
Neural response to modulating the probability that actions of self or other result in auditory tones: A parametric fMRI study into causal ambiguity.
Cortico-striato-thalamo-cortical circuit abnormalities in obsessive-compulsive disorder: A voxel-based morphometric and fMRI study of the whole brain.
Abnormal white matter integrity in rapists as indicated by diffusion tensor imaging
Coupling between Theta Oscillations and Cognitive Control Network during Cross-Modal Visual and Auditory Attention: Supramodal vs Modality-Specific Mechanisms.
Neural Correlates of Prosocial Behavior: Compensating Social Exclusion in a Four-Player Cyberball Game
An fMRI Investigation of Preparatory Set in the Human Cerebral Cortex and Superior Colliculus for Pro- and Anti-Saccades.
Suicide attempters with Borderline Personality Disorder show differential orbitofrontal and parietal recruitment when reflecting on aversive memories
Neural substrates involved in anger induced by audio-visual film clips among patients with alcohol dependency
Gray matter volume and dual-task gait performance in mild cognitive impairment.
The impact of abacus training on working memory and underlying neural correlates in young adults
Facing mixed emotions: Analytic and holistic perception of facial emotion expressions engages separate brain networks.
Hidden sources of joy, fear, and sadness: Explicit versus implicit neural processing of musical emotions.
Cerebral functional deficits in patients with ankylosing spondylitis- an fMRI study.
Elevated Amygdala Perfusion Mediates Developmental Sex Differences in Trait Anxiety.
Genetically-mediated Grey and White Matter Alteration in Normal Elderly Individuals with the CLU-C Allele Gene
Largely overlapping neuronal substrates of reactivity to drug, gambling, food and sexual cues: A comprehensive meta-analysis
Behavior and neuroimaging at baseline predict individual response to combined mathematical and working memory training in children
Global and local grey matter reductions in boys with ADHD combined type and ADHD inattentive type
Ventral striatal hyperconnectivity during rewarded interference control in adolescents with ADHD.
Brain perfusion in dementia with Lewy bodies and Alzheimer’s disease: an arterial spin labeling MRI study on prodromal and mild dementia stages
Abnormal fronto-limbic engagement in incarcerated stimulant users during moral processing.
A cognitive fMRI study in non-manifesting LRRK2 and GBA carriers.
Neural effects of methylphenidate and nicotine during smooth pursuit eye movements.
Aberrant Resting-State Functional Connectivity Density in Patients with Hepatitis B Virus-Related Cirrhosis
Intolerance of uncertainty and insula activation during uncertain reward.
Resting-state functional connectivity differentiates anxious apprehension and anxious arousal.
Cerebral white matter structure is associated with DSM-5 schizophrenia symptom dimensions
Reduced amygdala responsivity during conditioning to trauma-related stimuli in posttraumatic stress disorder.
Altered Spontaneous Brain Activity in Cortical and Subcortical Regions in Parkinson's Disease
Aberrant Resting-State Functional Connectivity in the Salience Network of Adolescent Chronic Fatigue Syndrome.
Exploring the Neural Basis of Avatar Identification in Pathological Internet Gamers and of Self-Reflection in Pathological Social Network Users
Functional and structural cortical characteristics after restricted focal motor cortical infarction evaluated at chronic stage - Indications from a preliminary study.
Decompositional Representation of Morphological Complexity: Multivariate fMRI Evidence from Italian.
Differences in gray matter structure correlated to nationalism and patriotism
Atypical within- and between-hemisphere motor network functional connections in children with developmental coordination disorder and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.
Differential mesolimbic and prefrontal alterations during reward anticipation and consummation in positive and negative schizotypy.
Mapping the cortical representation of speech sounds in a syllable repetition task.
Modality-Dependent Impact of Hallucinations on Low-Frequency Fluctuations in Schizophrenia.
Neural activation during imitation with or without performance feedback: An fMRI study
Effects of a spaceflight analog environment on brain connectivity and behavior.
Temporo-parietal dysfunction in Tourette syndrome: Insights from an fMRI study of Theory of Mind
Reduced spontaneous neuronal activity in the insular cortex and thalamus in healthy adults with insomnia symptoms.
Health and Pleasure in Consumers' Dietary Food Choices: Individual Differences in the Brain's Value System.
Neural correlates of reward processing in adults with 22q11 deletion syndrome
Atypical lateralization of motor circuit functional connectivity in children with autism is associated with motor deficits
Maladaptive Plasticity in Aphasia: Brain Activation Maps Underlying Verb Retrieval Errors
Anticipatory reward processing among cocaine-dependent individuals with and without concurrent methadone-maintenance treatment: Relationship to treatment response.
Differential roles for parietal and frontal cortices in fixed versus evolving temporal expectations: Dissociating prior from posterior temporal probabilities with fMRI.
The effects of an action's "age-of-acquisition" on action-sentence processing.
Default mode network coherence in treatment-resistant major depressive disorder during electroconvulsive therapy.
Neural activation patterns of successful episodic encoding: Reorganization during childhood, maintenance in old age
Visual Experience Shapes Orthographic Representations in the Visual Word Form Area
Exploring the anatomical encoding of voice with a mathematical model of the vocal system.
Microscopic diffusion anisotropy in the human brain: Age-related changes.
Effective Connectivity of Cortical Sensorimotor Networks During Finger Movement Tasks: A Simultaneous fNIRS, fMRI, EEG Study.
Threatening faces induce fear circuitry hypersynchrony in soldiers with post-traumatic stress disorder
Preliminary investigation of the relationships between sleep duration, reward circuitry function, and mood dysregulation in youth offspring of parents with bipolar disorder.
Functional Connectivity with the Default Mode Network Is Altered in Fibromyalgia Patients
Working memory dysfunction associated with brain functional deficits and cellular metabolic changes in patients with generalized anxiety disorder.
How do we decide what to do? Resting-state connectivity patterns and components of self-generated thought linked to the development of more concrete personal goals.
Short-term memory deficits correlate with hippocampal-thalamic functional connectivity alterations following acute sleep restriction.
Intrinsic network connectivity and own body perception in gender dysphoria.
Frontoparietal cortex and cerebellum contribution to the update of actual and mental motor performance during the day
Emotion regulation and amygdala-precuneus connectivity: Focusing on attentional deployment.
The transition from childhood to adolescence is marked by a general decrease in amygdala reactivity and an affect-specific ventral-to-dorsal shift in medial prefrontal recruitment
Strong Evidence for Pattern Separation in Human Dentate Gyrus.
Combining Real-Time fMRI Neurofeedback Training of the DLPFC with N-Back Practice Results in Neuroplastic Effects Confined to the Neurofeedback Target Region.
Brain Gray Matter Abnormalities in First-Episode, Treatment-Naive Children with Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder.
Temporal Uncertainty and Temporal Estimation Errors Affect Insular Activity and the Frontostriatal Indirect Pathway during Action Update: A Predictive Coding Study
Competition between Visual Events Modulates the Influence of Salience during Free-Viewing of Naturalistic Videos.
Aerobic Fitness Linked to Cortical Brain Development in Adolescent Males: Preliminary Findings Suggest a Possible Role of BDNF Genotype
Attention Modulates Neural Responses to Unpredictable Emotional Faces in Dorsolateral Prefrontal Cortex.
Mapping the “What” and “Where” Visual Cortices and Their Atrophy in Alzheimer's Disease: Combined Activation Likelihood Estimation with Voxel-Based Morphometry
Higher Brain Perfusion May Not Support Memory Functions in Cognitively Normal Carriers of the ApoE ε4 Allele Compared to Non-Carriers
The Neural Correlates of the Interaction between Semantic and Phonological Processing for Chinese Character Reading
Exploring the Neural Representation of Novel Words Learned through Enactment in a Word Recognition Task
Alterations in brain metabolism and function following administration of low-dose codeine phosphate: 1H-magnetic resonance spectroscopy and resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging studies
Empathy for pain-related dorsolateral prefrontal activity is modulated by angry face perception.
Brain dynamics of post‐task resting state are influenced by expertise: Insights from baseball players
Differential Activation in Amygdala and Plasma Noradrenaline during Colorectal Distention by Administration of Corticotropin-Releasing Hormone between Healthy Individuals and Patients with Irritable B
The neural underpinnings of reading skill in deaf adults.
The translocator protein gene is associated with symptom severity and cerebral pain processing in fibromyalgia
Semantic congruence affects hippocampal response to repetition of visual associations.
Asymmetric Gray Matter Volume Changes Associated with Epilepsy Duration and Seizure Frequency in Temporal-Lobe-Epilepsy Patients with Favorable Surgical Outcome
Motor and mental training in older people: Transfer, interference, and associated functional neural responses.
Behavioral and neuroimaging responses induced by mental imagery of threatening scenarios.
Somatotopic Map and Inter- and Intra-Digit Distance in Brodmann Area 2 by Pressure Stimulation
Dissociable relations between amygdala subregional networks and psychopathy trait dimensions in conduct‐disordered juvenile offenders
Alterations in conflict monitoring are related to functional connectivity in Parkinson's disease.
Regional Coherence Alterations Revealed by Resting-State fMRI in Post-Stroke Patients with Cognitive Dysfunction.
The Neural Substrates Underlying the Implementation of Phonological Rule in Lexical Tone Production: An fMRI Study of the Tone 3 Sandhi Phenomenon in Mandarin Chinese.
Posterior and prefrontal contributions to the development posttraumatic stress disorder symptom severity: an fMRI study of symptom provocation in acute stress disorder.
Moral competence and brain connectivity: A resting-state fMRI study.
Changes in default mode network as automaticity develops in a categorization task.
Altered neural response to rejection‐related words in children exposed to maltreatment
The right temporoparietal junction encodes efforts of others during action observation
Impact of Short Social Training on Prosocial Behaviors: An fMRI Study.
Early Blindness Results in Developmental Plasticity for Auditory Motion Processing within Auditory and Occipital Cortex
Disrupted Brain Functional Network Architecture in Chronic Tinnitus Patients
Effect of Deep Brain Stimulation on Regional Cerebral Blood Flow in Patients with Medically Refractory Tourette Syndrome
fMRI exploration of pedagogical benefits of repeated testing: when more is not always better
Representational Account of Memory: Insights from Aging and Synesthesia.
Decreased anticipated pleasure correlates with increased salience network resting state functional connectivity in adolescents with depressive symptomatology
Attenuated anticorrelation between the default and dorsal attention networks with aging: evidence from task and rest.
Resting-state fMRI evidence for early episodic memory consolidation: effects of age.
fMRI evidence of equivalent neural suppression by repetition and prior knowledge.
Distinct Brain and Behavioral Benefits from Cognitive vs. Physical Training: A Randomized Trial in Aging Adults
Different Alterations of Cerebral Regional Homogeneity in Early-Onset and Late-Onset Parkinson's Disease
A Probability Distribution over Latent Causes, in the Orbitofrontal Cortex.
Parallel Engagement of Regions Associated with Encoding and Later Retrieval Forms Durable Memories.
Increased Amplitude of Thalamocortical Low-Frequency Oscillations in Patients with Migraine
Resting-state functional MRI of abnormal baseline brain activity in young depressed patients with and without suicidal behavior.
The Indirect Effect of Age Group on Switch Costs via Gray Matter Volume and Task-Related Brain Activity
Imaging Imageability: Behavioral Effects and Neural Correlates of Its Interaction with Affect and Context
Monetary reward magnitude effects on behavior and brain function during goal-directed behavior.
Exploring anterograde memory: a volumetric MRI study in patients with mild cognitive impairment
Striatal activation as a neural link between cognitive and perceptual flexibility.
Neural representations of magnitude for natural and rational numbers.
Visual dorsal stream is associated with Chinese reading skills: A resting-state fMRI study.
Unwanted reminders: The effects of emotional memory suppression on subsequent neuro-cognitive processing
Acute cortisol reactivity attenuates engagement of fronto-parietal and striatal regions during emotion processing in negative mood disorders
The occipital place area represents first-person perspective motion information through scenes.
The neural correlates of auditory and visuospatial span in logopenic progressive aphasia and Alzheimer's disease.
Altered spontaneous neural activity in the occipital face area reflects behavioral deficits in developmental prosopagnosia.
Self-Other Mergence in the Frontal Cortex during Cooperation and Competition.
Sensitivity to biomechanical limitations during postural decision-making depends on the integrity of posterior superior parietal cortex.
Using fMRI to understand event construction in developmental amnesia
Relationship between Parental Feeding Practices and Neural Responses to Food Cues in Adolescents.
Regional grey matter volume and concentration in at-risk adolescents: Untangling associations with callous-unemotional traits and conduct disorder symptoms.
Optimal DSI reconstruction parameter recommendations: Better ODFs and better connectivity.
Trading experience modulates anterior insula to reduce the endowment effect.
Increased activity in frontal motor cortex compensates impaired speech perception in older adults
Grey matter atrophy in prodromal stage of dementia with Lewy bodies and Alzheimer’s disease
Frontotemporal dementia and language networks: cortical thickness reduction is driven by dyslexia susceptibility genes
Affordance processing in segregated parieto-frontal dorsal stream sub-pathways.
Down but not out in posterior cingulate cortex: Deactivation yet functional coupling with prefrontal cortex during demanding semantic cognition
Hypnotizability and Placebo Analgesia in Waking and Hypnosis as Modulators of Auditory Startle Responses in Healthy Women: An ERP Study
Knowledge Acquisition during Exam Preparation Improves Memory and Modulates Memory Formation.
Feature-Selective Attentional Modulations in Human Frontoparietal Cortex.
Neural Activation during Anticipation of Near Pain-Threshold Stimulation among the Pain-Fearful.
False Recognition in Behavioral Variant Frontotemporal Dementia and Alzheimer's Disease—Disinhibition or Amnesia?
Mixing positive and negative valence: Affective-semantic integration of bivalent words
Prefrontal activity decline in women under a single dose of diazepam during rule-guided responses: an fMRI study.
Neural correlates of olfactory and visual memory performance in 3D-simulated mazes after intranasal insulin application
The Neural Responses to Social Cooperation in Gain and Loss Context.
Dose-dependent genotype effects of BDNF Val66Met polymorphism on default mode network in early stage Alzheimer's disease
Imaging transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) of the prefrontal cortex-correlation or causality in stimulation-mediated effects?
Prognostic value of imbalanced interhemispheric functional coordination in early therapeutic efficacy in major depressive disorder.
Abnormal interhemispheric resting state functional connectivity of the insula in heroin users under methadone maintenance treatment.
Am I seeing myself, my friend or a stranger? The role of personal familiarity in visual distinction of body identities in the human brain.
Tracking cognitive processing stages with MEG: A spatio-temporal model of associative recognition in the brain.
Neural correlates of envy: Regional homogeneity of resting-state brain activity predicts dispositional envy.
Tinnitus- related distress: evidence from fMRI of an emotional stroop task
Amplitude of Sensorimotor Mu Rhythm Is Correlated with BOLD from Multiple Brain Regions: A Simultaneous EEG-fMRI Study.
Lifetime use of cannabis from longitudinal assessments, cannabinoid receptor (CNR1) variation, and reduced volume of the right anterior cingulate.
Neural Correlates and Connectivity Underlying Stress-Related Impulse Control Difficulties in Alcoholism.
Assessment of Cortical Dysfunction in Patients with Intermittent Exotropia: An fMRI Study.
Regional homogeneity of intrinsic brain activity correlates with auditory-motor processing of vocal pitch errors.
Disrupted functional connectivity in adolescent obesity.
Associations of limbic-affective brain activity and severity of ongoing chronic arthritis pain are explained by trait anxiety.
Impaired executive control and reward circuit in Internet gaming addicts under a delay discounting task: independent component analysis.
Increased Functional Activation of Limbic Brain Regions during Negative Emotional Processing in Migraine
Neural Correlates of Fear of Movement in Patients with Chronic Low Back Pain vs. Pain-Free Individuals.
Impact of language on functional connectivity for audiovisual speech integration
Intrinsic functional connectivity underlying successful emotion regulation of angry faces.
Silent Expectations: Dynamic Causal Modeling of Cortical Prediction and Attention to Sounds That Weren't.
Altered Vision-Related Resting-State Activity in Pituitary Adenoma Patients with Visual Damage
Microstructural Correlates of Emotional Attribution Impairment in Non-Demented Patients with Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
Degree connectivity in body dysmorphic disorder and relationships with obsessive and compulsive symptoms.
Reduced white matter integrity and its correlation with clinical symptom in first-episode, treatment-naive generalized anxiety disorder.
Neuronal Substrates Underlying Performance Variability in Well-Trained Skillful Motor Task in Humans
Enhanced Brain Responses to Pain-Related Words in Chronic Back Pain Patients and Their Modulation by Current Pain
Associations between neural correlates of visual stimulus processing and set-shifting in ill and recovered women with anorexia nervosa
Functional brain and age-related changes associated with congruency in task switching.
A face versus non-face context influences amygdala responses to masked fearful eye whites
Modulating the neural bases of persuasion: why/how, gain/loss, and users/non-users
Brain networks of temporal preparation: A multiple regression analysis of neuropsychological data.
Neurocognitive Effects of Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation in Arithmetic Learning and Performance: A Simultaneous tDCS-fMRI Study
Comparison of brain activation patterns during executive function tasks in hoarding disorder and non-hoarding OCD.
Altered resting-state functional connectivity in emotion-processing brain regions in adults who were born very preterm
Functional mechanisms of probabilistic inference in feature- and space-based attentional systems.
Neural signatures of experience-based improvements in deterministic decision-making.
Neural signature of the Food Craving Questionnaire (FCQ)-Trait
Neural correlates of restrained eaters' high susceptibility to food cues: An fMRI study.
Neural responses to grammatically and lexically degraded speech
Altered Development of Amygdala-Anterior Cingulate Cortex Connectivity in Anxious Youth and Young Adults
Neurocomputational mechanisms of prosocial learning and links to empathy.
Forethought in Youth with Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder: An fMRI Study of Sex-Specific Differences
Whispering - The hidden side of auditory communication.
Understanding heterogeneity in grey matter research of adults with childhood maltreatment-A meta-analysis and review.
Emotional prosody processing in autism spectrum disorder
Diminished supraspinal pain modulation in patients with mild traumatic brain injury
Crossmodal Processing of Haptic Inputs in Sighted and Blind Individuals.
Neural Response during the Activation of the Attachment System in Patients with Borderline Personality Disorder: An fMRI Study.
A Neural Basis for the Acquired Capability for Suicide
Self-regulating positive emotion networks by feedback of multiple emotional brain states using real-time fMRI.
Activity in superior parietal cortex during training by observation predicts asymmetric learning levels across hands
Structural alterations of the pyramidal pathway in schizoid and schizotypal cluster A personality disorders.
Abnormal white matter integrity during pain-free periovulation is associated with pain intensity in primary dysmenorrhea.
A Putative Multiple-Demand System in the Macaque Brain.
Altered regional homogeneity in patients with unilateral acute open-globe injury: a resting-state functional MRI study
Altered Brain Microstate Dynamics in Adolescents with Narcolepsy.
Embedding Task-Based Neural Models into a Connectome-Based Model of the Cerebral Cortex
The Alterations of Cortical Volume, Thickness, Surface, and Density in the Intermediate Sporadic Parkinson's Disease from the Han Population of Mainland China
The Role of the Ventromedial Prefrontal Cortex in Purchase Intent Among Older Adults
Decreased Activation of Subcortical Brain Areas in the Motor Fatigue State: An fMRI Study
Effect of Mild Thyrotoxicosis on Performance and Brain Activations in a Working Memory Task.
Regional homogeneity changes between heroin relapse and non-relapse patients under methadone maintenance treatment: a resting-state fMRI study
Theta oscillations integrate functionally segregated sub-regions of the medial prefrontal cortex.
The role of language in the experience and perception of emotion: a neuroimaging meta-analysis
Abnormal Grey Matter Arteriolar Cerebral Blood Volume in Schizophrenia Measured With 3D Inflow-Based Vascular-Space-Occupancy MRI at 7T.
When transparency is opaque: Effects of diacritic marks and vowel letters on dyslexic Hebrew readers.
Basal ganglia impairments in autism spectrum disorder are related to abnormal signal gating to prefrontal cortex.
Functional organization of the language network in three- and six-year-old children.
Neural networks for harmonic structure in music perception and action
Integration demands modulate effective connectivity in a fronto-temporal network for contextual sentence integration.
Left posterior-dorsal area 44 couples with parietal areas to promote speech fluency, while right area 44 activity promotes the stopping of motor responses.
Distinct functional properties of the vertical and horizontal saccadic network in Health and Parkinson's disease: An eye-tracking and fMRI study.
Atrophy of amygdala and abnormal memory-related alpha oscillations over posterior cingulate predict conversion to Alzheimer’s disease
Neural changes associated to procedural learning and automatization process in Developmental Coordination Disorder and/or Developmental Dyslexia
Hippocampal and Cerebral Blood Flow after Exercise Cessation in Master Athletes
Brain Activity in Response to Trauma-specific, Negative, and Neutral Stimuli. A fMRI Study of Recent Road Traffic Accident Survivors
Evidence of a Synergistic Effect of Acupoint Combination: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Distinct neuronal patterns of positive and negative moral processing in psychopathy.
Resting-state test-retest reliability of a priori defined canonical networks over different preprocessing steps.
Stimulus-Driven Reorienting Impairs Executive Control of Attention: Evidence for a Common Bottleneck in Anterior Insula
Self-regulation via neural simulation.
What Is the Effect of Basic Emotions on Directed Forgetting? Investigating the Role of Basic Emotions in Memory.
Cortical and subcortical brain alterations in Juvenile Absence Epilepsy.
Accuracy of automated classification of major depressive disorder as a function of symptom severity.
The BDNF Val66Met Polymorphism Influences Reading Ability and Patterns of Neural Activation in Children.
Mapping the brain correlates of borderline personality disorder: A functional neuroimaging meta-analysis of resting state studies.
Bilateral ECT induces bilateral increases in regional cortical thickness
Social responsiveness to inanimate entities: Altered white matter in a 'social synaesthesia'.
Dorso-medial and ventro-lateral functional specialization of the human retrosplenial complex in spatial updating and orienting.
Interactions between phasic alerting and consciousness in the fronto-striatal network
Alteration of spontaneous brain activity in COPD patients
Mild Developmental Foreign Accent Syndrome and Psychiatric Comorbidity: Altered White Matter Integrity in Speech and Emotion Regulation Networks
Phase-amplitude coupling at the organism level: The amplitude of spontaneous alpha rhythm fluctuations varies with the phase of the infra-slow gastric basal rhythm
Gain-loss asymmetry in neural correlates of temporal discounting: An approach-avoidance motivation perspective
Neural Basis of Acquired Amusia and Its Recovery after Stroke.
The Role of the Subgenual Anterior Cingulate Cortex and Amygdala in Environmental Sensitivity to Infant Crying
T2-Imaging to Assess Cerebral Oxygen Extraction Fraction in Carotid Occlusive Disease: Influence of Cerebral Autoregulation and Cerebral Blood Volume.
Functional brain networks related to individual differences in human intelligence at rest
Local morphology informs location of activation during navigation within the parahippocampal region of the human brain.
The link between callous-unemotional traits and neural mechanisms of reward processing: An fMRI study.
A spatial covariance 123I-5IA-85380 SPECT study of α4β2 nicotinic receptors in Alzheimer's disease
The neural correlates of moral decision-making: A systematic review and meta-analysis of moral evaluations and response decision judgements.
Functional neuroanatomy of arithmetic and word reading and its relationship to age.
Tell me twice: A multi-study analysis of the functional connectivity between the cerebrum and cerebellum after repeated trait information.
Functional and neurochemical interactions within the amygdala-medial prefrontal cortex circuit and their relevance to emotional processing.
The brain effects of laser acupuncture at thirteen ghost acupoints in healthy individuals: A resting-state functional MRI investigation
Intra-individual changes in Stroop-related activations linked to cigarette abstinence in adolescent tobacco smokers: Preliminary findings.
The selfless mind: How prefrontal involvement in mentalizing with similar and dissimilar others shapes empathy and prosocial behavior.
An energy-efficient intrinsic functional organization of human working memory: A resting-state functional connectivity study.
Functional activity and white matter microstructure reveal the independent effects of age of acquisition and proficiency on second-language learning.
Altered spontaneous brain activity patterns in patients with unilateral acute open globe injury using amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study
The Role of Anterior Cingulate Cortex in the Affective Evaluation of Conflict.
The Neural Correlates of Similarity- and Rule-based Generalization.
Alterations in Brain Structure and Functional Connectivity in Alcohol Dependent Patients and Possible Association with Impulsivity.
Fluctuations of Attentional Networks and Default Mode Network during the Resting State Reflect Variations in Cognitive States: Evidence from a Novel Resting-state Experience Sampling Method.
The neural bases of the learning and generalization of morphological inflection.
Neural signature of behavioural inhibition in women with bulimia nervosa
Neural mechanisms of eye contact when listening to another person talking
When BOLD is thicker than water: processing social information about kin and friends at different levels of the social network.
Ketamine-dependent neuronal activation in healthy volunteers.
Behavioral and neural inhibitory control moderates the effects of reward sensitivity on adolescent substance use.
Intention Modulates the Effect of Punishment Threat in Norm Enforcement via the Lateral Orbitofrontal Cortex.
Identifying the Alteration Patterns of Brain Functional Connectivity in Progressive Mild Cognitive Impairment Patients: A Longitudinal Whole-Brain Voxel-Wise Degree Analysis
Image Statistics and the Representation of Material Properties in the Visual Cortex
Preoptic activation and connectivity during thermal sweating in humans
The Brain Effective Connectivity of Chinese during Rhyming Task.
Off to a Good Start: The Early Development of the Neural Substrates Underlying Visual Working Memory.
Magnetic resonance imaging DTI-FT study on schizophrenic patients with typical negative first symptoms
Mediation of episodic memory performance by the executive function network in patients with amnestic mild cognitive impairment: a resting-state functional MRI study
Working memory load influences perceptual ambiguity by competing for fronto-parietal attentional resources.
Development of brain networks and relevance of environmental and genetic factors: A systematic review.
Hand-independent representation of tool-use pantomimes in the left anterior intraparietal cortex.
Neural signatures of social conformity: A coordinate-based activation likelihood estimation meta-analysis of functional brain imaging studies.
Dough, tough, cough, rough: A "fast" fMRI localizer of component processes in reading.
Retrieved emotional context influences hippocampal involvement during recognition of neutral memories.
Chemosensory anxiety cues enhance the perception of fearful faces - An fMRI study.
Aversive Counterconditioning Attenuates Reward Signaling in the Ventral Striatum
The Neural System of Postdecision Evaluation in Rostral Frontal Cortex during Problem-solving Tasks
Ex vivo MRI transverse relaxation in community based older persons with and without Alzheimer's dementia.
Non-linear Parameter Estimates from Non-stationary MEG Data
Structural and Functional MRI Differences in Master Sommeliers: A Pilot Study on Expertise in the Brain
Activation of the Human MT Complex by Motion in Depth Induced by a Moving Cast Shadow.
Identifying Core Affect in Individuals from fMRI Responses to Dynamic Naturalistic Audiovisual Stimuli.
Mapping the Multiple Graded Contributions of the Anterior Temporal Lobe Representational Hub to Abstract and Social Concepts: Evidence from Distortion-corrected fMRI
Four Functionally Distinct Regions in the Left Supramarginal Gyrus Support Word Processing
Episodic specificity induction impacts activity in a core brain network during construction of imagined future experiences.
Noise Reduction in Arterial Spin Labeling Based Functional Connectivity Using Nuisance Variables.
Increased Brain Activation for Dual Tasking with 70-Days Head-Down Bed Rest
Detecting and representing predictable structure during auditory scene analysis
Parsing the Behavioral and Brain Mechanisms of Third-Party Punishment.
Cognition in Friedreich's ataxia: a behavioral and multimodal imaging study
Attention Network Dysfunction in Bulimia Nervosa - An fMRI Study.
Elucidating the neural correlates of related false memories using a systematic measure of perceptual relatedness.
Altered Resting-State Functional Connectivity of the Striatum in Parkinson's Disease after Levodopa Administration
Functional deficit of the medial prefrontal cortex during emotional sentence attribution in schizophrenia.
Age-related differences in brain activity during implicit and explicit processing of fearful facial expressions
Oxytocin modulates hemodynamic responses to monetary incentives in humans.
Structural Brain Imaging of Long-Term Anabolic-Androgenic Steroid Users and Nonusing Weightlifters.
Differentiating between axonal damage and demyelination in healthy aging by combining diffusion-tensor imaging and diffusion-weighted spectroscopy in the human corpus callosum at 7 T.
Attention Diversion Improves Response Inhibition of Immediate Reward, But Only When it Is Beneficial: An fMRI Study.
Reconfiguration of parietal circuits with cognitive tutoring in elementary school children.
A preliminary study of longitudinal neuroadaptation associated with recovery from addiction.
Dietary saturated fat and monounsaturated fat have reversible effects on brain function and the secretion of pro-inflammatory cytokines in young women
An fMRI Study of the Impact of Block Building and Board Games on Spatial Ability
Relation between functional connectivity and rhythm discrimination in children who do and do not stutter.
Resting-state fMRI study of acute migraine treatment with kinetic oscillation stimulation in nasal cavity
Time related effects on functional brain connectivity after serotonergic and cholinergic neuromodulation
Effects of adaptation on numerosity decoding in the human brain.
Parametric modulation of reward sequences during a reversal task in ACC and VMPFC but not amygdala and striatum.
Ambiguity aversion in schizophrenia: An fMRI study of decision-making under risk and ambiguity.
Attention induced neural response trade-off in retinotopic cortex under load
Neural Plastic Effects of Working Memory Training Influenced by Self-perceived Stress in Stroke: A Case Illustration
Differential Involvement of the Anterior Temporal Lobes in Famous People Semantics
Psychological intervention with working memory training increases basal ganglia volume: A VBM study of inpatient treatment for methamphetamine use
Frontostriatal Contribution to the Interplay of Flexibility and Stability in Serial Prediction.
From Cortical and Subcortical Grey Matter Abnormalities to Neurobehavioral Phenotype of Angelman Syndrome: A Voxel-Based Morphometry Study.
Default Mode and Executive Networks Areas: Association with the Serial Order in Divergent Thinking.
Reversal learning strategy in adolescence is associated with prefrontal cortex activation.
Anatomical Correlates of Non-Verbal Perception in Dementia Patients
Altered Value Coding in the Ventromedial Prefrontal Cortex in Healthy Older Adults
Cerebral Blood Flow Alterations as Assessed by 3D ASL in Cognitive Impairment in Patients with Subcortical Vascular Cognitive Impairment: A Marker for Disease Severity
Aberrant Functional Connectivity of the Amygdala Complexes in PTSD during Conscious and Subconscious Processing of Trauma-Related Stimuli
Cooperation in mind: Motor imagery of joint and single actions is represented in different brain areas.
The Neural Development of 'Us and Them'.
Cerebral bases of emotion regulation toward odours: A first approach.
Reversible Brain Abnormalities in People Without Signs of Mountain Sickness During High-Altitude Exposure
White matter hyperintensities and cognitive reserve during a working memory task: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study in cognitively normal older adults.
Absence of visual experience modifies the neural basis of numerical thinking.
How the brain processes violations of the grammatical norm: An fMRI study.
Improved estimates for the role of grey matter volume and GABA in bistable perception.
Acute stress increases risky decisions and dampens prefrontal activation among adolescent boys.
Functional alterations of fronto-limbic circuit and default mode network systems in first-episode, drug-naïve patients with major depressive disorder: A meta-analysis of resting-state fMRI data.
Individual-specific features of brain systems identified with resting state functional correlations
Sensorimotor Oscillations Prior to Speech Onset Reflect Altered Motor Networks in Adults Who Stutter
Maternal parenting behavior and emotion processing in adolescents-An fMRI study.
The Importance of Spatiotemporal Information in Biological Motion Perception: White Noise Presented with a Step-like Motion Activates the Biological Motion Area.
Domain-specific and Domain-general Processing in Left Perisylvian Cortex: Evidence from Russian.
A multimodal imaging study of recognition memory in very preterm born adults
Brain Responses during the Anticipation of Dyspnea
Increased BOLD Signals Elicited by High Gamma Auditory Stimulation of the Left Auditory Cortex in Acute State Schizophrenia
Altered reward expectancy in individuals with recent methamphetamine dependence
Cognitive and neural consequences of memory suppression in major depressive disorder.
Charting the effects of TMS with fMRI: Modulation of cortical recruitment within the distributed network supporting semantic control.
Trauma-specific Grey Matter Alterations in PTSD
The cortical surface correlates of clinical manifestations in the mid-stage sporadic Parkinson's disease.
Greater response variability in adolescents is associated with increased white matter development
Peers and parents: a comparison between neural activation when winning for friends and mothers in adolescence
Loud and angry: sound intensity modulates amygdala activation to angry voices in social anxiety disorder
Neural predictors of evaluative attitudes toward celebrities
Altered Markers of Brain Development in Crohn’s Disease with Extraintestinal Manifestations – A Pilot Study
Prior Consumption of a Fat Meal in Healthy Adults Modulates the Brain’s Response to Fat123
Altered Effective Connectivity among Core Neurocognitive Networks in Idiopathic Generalized Epilepsy: An fMRI Evidence.
Regional Gray Matter Atrophy Coexistent with Occipital Periventricular White Matter Hyper Intensities
Decreased Brain Neurokinin-1 Receptor Availability in Chronic Tennis Elbow
Cerebral Cortical Thickness in Chronic Pain Due to Knee Osteoarthritis: The Effect of Pain Duration and Pain Sensitization
Neurofeedback training effects on inhibitory brain activation in ADHD: A matter of learning?
When the Brain Takes ‘BOLD’ Steps: Real-Time fMRI Neurofeedback Can Further Enhance the Ability to Gradually Self-regulate Regional Brain Activation
Higher Adolescent Body Mass Index Is Associated with Lower Regional Gray and White Matter Volumes and Lower Levels of Positive Emotionality
Distribution of Response Time, Cortical, and Cardiac Correlates during Emotional Interference in Persons with Subclinical Psychotic Symptoms
Alteration of the alertness-related network in patients with right temporal lobe epilepsy: A resting state fMRI study
Functional abnormalities of the right posterior insula are related to the altered self-experience in schizophrenia.
An individual differences analysis of the neurocognitive architecture of the semantic system at rest.
Fully-integrated framework for the segmentation and registration of the spinal cord white and gray matter.
Neural bases of the adaptive mechanisms associated with reciprocal partner choice.
When opposites lead to the same: a direct comparison of explicit and implicit disgust regulation via fMRI
The retrieval of perceptual memory details depends on right hippocampal integrity and activation.
Changes of grey matter volume in first-episode drug-naive adult major depressive disorder patients with different age-onset.
Mental representations of vowel features asymmetrically modulate activity in superior temporal sulcus.
Altered functional connectivity of the marginal division in migraine: a resting-state fMRI study
Visual food stimulus changes resting oscillatory brain activities related to appetitive motive
Genome-wide association study of working memory brain activation.
Grit and the brain: spontaneous activity of the dorsomedial prefrontal cortex mediates the relationship between the trait grit and academic performance.
Neural substrates of the ability to recognize facial expressions: a voxel-based morphometry study
Does Side of Onset Influence the Pattern of Cerebral Atrophy in Parkinson’s Disease?
Alpha oscillation neurofeedback modulates amygdala complex connectivity and arousal in posttraumatic stress disorder.
Disorder-specific characteristics of borderline personality disorder with co-occurring depression and its comparison with major depression: An fMRI study with emotional interference task.
Cognitive Slowing in Gulf War Illness Predicts Executive Network Hyperconnectivity: Study in a Population-Representative Sample.
Brain resting state functional magnetic resonance imaging in patients with takotsubo cardiomyopathy an inseparable pair of brain and heart
Reduced Cognitive Control Demands after Practice of Saccade Tasks in a Trial Type Probability Manipulation.
Repetition Enhancement of Amygdala and Visual Cortex Functional Connectivity Reflects Nonconscious Memory for Negative Visual Stimuli.
Neural mechanisms of cue-approach training.
Posterior Superior Temporal Sulcus Responses Predict Perceived Pleasantness of Skin Stroking.
Voxel-based magnetic resonance imaging investigation of poor and preserved clinical insight in people with schizophrenia
Gain- and Loss-Related Brain Activation Are Associated with Information Search Differences in Risky Gambles: An fMRI and Eye-Tracking Study
Brain activation for spontaneous and explicit false belief tasks overlaps: new fMRI evidence on belief processing and violation of expectation
Childhood Trauma and COMT Genotype Interact to Increase Hippocampal Activation in Resilient Individuals
Multivariate Pattern Analysis Reveals Category-Related Organization of Semantic Representations in Anterior Temporal Cortex.
Transfer after Dual n-Back Training Depends on Striatal Activation Change.
Intrusive Memories of Distressing Information: An fMRI Study.
Association between abnormal default mode network activity and suicidality in depressed adolescents
Cerebral neural correlates of differential melanopic photic stimulation in humans.
Acupuncture Decreases Blood Pressure Related to Hypothalamus Functional Connectivity with Frontal Lobe, Cerebellum, and Insula: A Study of Instantaneous and Short-Term Acupuncture Treatment in Essential Hypertension
Dominant hemisphere functional networks compensate for structural connectivity loss to preserve phonological retrieval with aging
CBT reduces CBF: cognitive‐behavioral therapy reduces cerebral blood flow in fear‐relevant brain regions in spider phobia
Volumetric, relaxometric and diffusometric correlates of psychotic experiences in a non-clinical sample of young adults
Influence of aerobic exercise training on the neural correlates of motor learning in Parkinson's disease individuals
Bilateral parietal contributions to spatial language.
Pattern of activation during delayed matching to sample task predicts functional outcome in people at ultra high risk for psychosis.
Neural mechanisms of human temporal fear conditioning
BrainNetCNN: Convolutional neural networks for brain networks; towards predicting neurodevelopment.
Neural stress reactivity relates to smoking outcomes and differentiates between mindfulness and cognitive-behavioral treatments.
Altered functional connectivity during self- and close other-reflection in patients with bipolar disorder with past psychosis and patients with schizophrenia.
Acupuncture treatment modulates the corticostriatal reward circuitry in major depressive disorder
Neural Activities Underlying the Feedback Express Salience Prediction Errors for Appetitive and Aversive Stimuli
Default mode network and frontolimbic gray matter abnormalities in patients with borderline personality disorder: A voxel-based meta-analysis
Neural Correlates of Deficits in Humor Appreciation in Gelotophobics
Detection of central circuits implicated in the formation of novel pain memories
Resting-State Time-Varying Analysis Reveals Aberrant Variations of Functional Connectivity in Autism.
Brooding Is Related to Neural Alterations during Autobiographical Memory Retrieval in Aging
ACC Neuro-over-Connectivity Is Associated with Mathematically Modeled Additional Encoding Operations of Schizophrenia Stroop-Task Performance
Neural Basis of Visual Attentional Orienting in Childhood Autism Spectrum Disorders.
Resting-state brain alteration after a single dose of SSRI administration predicts 8-week remission of patients with major depressive disorder.
What's the gist? The influence of schemas on the neural correlates underlying true and false memories.
An image-invariant neural response to familiar faces in the human medial temporal lobe.
Improved Neural Processing Efficiency in a Chronic Aphasia Patient Following Melodic Intonation Therapy: A Neuropsychological and Functional MRI Study
Effects of craving behavioral intervention on neural substrates of cue-induced craving in Internet gaming disorder.
Lateral and medial prefrontal contributions to emotion generation by semantic elaboration during episodic encoding.
The functional activity and effective connectivity of pulvinar are modulated by individual differences in threat-related attentional bias
A Pilot Study of Mindfulness-Based Exposure Therapy in OEF/OIF Combat Veterans with PTSD: Altered Medial Frontal Cortex and Amygdala Responses in Social–Emotional Processing
Increased anticipatory but decreased consummatory brain responses to food in sisters of anorexia nervosa patients
The influence of interoceptive awareness on functional connectivity in patients with irritable bowel syndrome.
Subthalamic nucleus stimulation effects on single and combined task performance in Parkinson's disease patients: a PET study.
Alterations of Myelin Content in Parkinson’s Disease: A Cross-Sectional Neuroimaging Study
Predictions Shape Confidence in Right Inferior Frontal Gyrus.
Patterns of Co-Occurring Gray Matter Concentration Loss across the Huntington Disease Prodrome
Neural correlates of immediate and prolonged effects of cognitive reappraisal and distraction on emotional experience.
Coupling between spontaneous pupillary fluctuations and brain activity relates to inattentiveness.
Overlapping effects of age on associative memory and the anterior hippocampus from middle to older age.
Systemic klotho is associated with KLOTHO variation and predicts intrinsic cortical connectivity in healthy human aging
Mapping face encoding using functional MRI in multiple sclerosis across disease phenotypes.
Cerebral perfusion alterations in type 2 diabetes and its relation to insulin resistance and cognitive dysfunction
Intrinsic functional connectivity alterations in cognitively intact elderly APOE epsilon4 carriers measured by eigenvector centrality mapping are related to cognition and CSF biomarkers: a preliminar
The impact of aging on the neural networks involved in gaze and emotional processing.
Resting-state functional connectivity of the amygdala and longitudinal changes in depression severity in adolescent depression.
Amygdala-based intrinsic functional connectivity and anxiety disorders in adolescents and young adults.
Youth with substance abuse histories exhibit dysfunctional representation of expected value during a passive avoidance task.
The brain‐derived neurotrophic factor Val66Met polymorphism affects encoding of object locations during active navigation
Peering into the brain to predict behavior: Peer-reported, but not self-reported, conscientiousness links threat-related amygdala activity to future problem drinking.
A resting-state fMRI study on early-stage drug-naive Parkinson's disease patients with drooling.
A resting-state fMRI study of obese females between pre- and postprandial states before and after bariatric surgery.
The network substrate of confabulatory tendencies in Alzheimer's disease.
The association of serotonin receptor 3A methylation with maternal violence exposure, neural activity, and child aggression.
Functional changes in brain activity after hypnosis in patients with dental phobia
Learning and retrieving holistic and componential visual-verbal associations in reading and object naming
Distributed patterns of occipito-parietal functional connectivity predict the precision of visual working memory
The effect of aging on the brain network for exception word reading.
The cortical thickness correlates of clinical manifestations in the mid-stage sporadic Parkinson's disease.
Altered Brain Connectivity in Early Postmenopausal Women with Subjective Cognitive Impairment.
Post-traumatic stress influences local and remote functional connectivity: a resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Spontaneous neural activity in the right superior temporal gyrus and left middle temporal gyrus is associated with insight level in obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Voxel-Based Morphometry in Individuals at Genetic High Risk for Schizophrenia and Patients with Schizophrenia during Their First Episode of Psychosis
Abnormal Intrinsic Functional Hubs in Severe Male Obstructive Sleep Apnea: Evidence from a Voxel-Wise Degree Centrality Analysis.
Ripples on spikes show increased phase-amplitude coupling in mesial temporal lobe epilepsy seizure-onset zones.
The role of the left inferior parietal lobule in second language learning: An intensive language training fMRI study
Cerebral Activity Associated with Transient Sleep-Facilitated Reduction in Motor Memory Vulnerability to Interference
Alterations in the functional neural circuitry supporting flexible choice behavior in autism spectrum disorders
Rapid simultaneous high-resolution mapping of myelin water fraction and relaxation times in human brain using BMC-mcDESPOT.
Resting-State Hyperperfusion of the Supplementary Motor Area in Catatonia
Reward vs. Retaliation-the Role of the Mesocorticolimbic Salience Network in Human Reactive Aggression.
Aberrant Brain Regional Homogeneity and Functional Connectivity in Middle-Aged T2DM Patients: A Resting-State Functional MRI Study
Disrupted Interhemispheric Synchrony in Default Mode Network Underlying the Impairment of Cognitive Flexibility in Late-Onset Depression
Non-demented Parkinson's disease patients with apathy show decreased grey matter volume in key executive and reward-related nodes.
Action observation training modifies brain gray matter structure in healthy adult individuals.
Structural Abnormalities in Childhood Absence Epilepsy: Voxel-Based Analysis Using Diffusion Tensor Imaging
A Triple Network Connectivity Study of Large-Scale Brain Systems in Cognitively Normal APOE4 Carriers
An Orientation Dependent Size Illusion Is Underpinned by Processing in the Extrastriate Visual Area, LO1
Right sensory-motor functional networks subserve action observation therapy in aphasia.
Relationships between years of education, regional grey matter volumes, and working memory-related brain activity in healthy older adults.
The apolipoprotein E gene affects the three-year trajectories of compensatory neural processes in the left-lateralized hippocampal network.
Functional MRI signal fluctuations highlight altered resting brain activity in Huntington's disease.
White matter disruptions in male cocaine polysubstance users: Associations with severity of drug use and duration of abstinence.
Senior Dance Experience, Cognitive Performance, and Brain Volume in Older Women
Potential gray matter unpruned in adolescents and young adults dependent on dextromethorphan-containing cough syrups: evidence from cortical and subcortical study.
The interaction between 5-HTTLPR and stress exposure influences connectivity of the executive control and default mode brain networks.
The relationship of impulsivity and cortical thickness in depressed and non-depressed adolescents.
Default mode network activity and neuropsychological profile in male children and adolescents with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder and conduct disorder.
Anatomic Correlation of the Mini-Mental State Examination: A Voxel-Based Morphometric Study in Older Adults
Perception of Emotional Facial Expressions in Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS) at Behavioural and Brain Metabolic Level.
Hippocampus activation related to 'real-time' processing of visuospatial change.
Medial reward and lateral non-reward orbitofrontal cortex circuits change in opposite directions in depression.
Depression and anxiety symptoms are associated to disruption of default mode network in subacute ischemic stroke.
Cortical folding patterns are associated with impulsivity in healthy young adults.
The parietal memory network activates similarly for true and associative false recognition elicited via the DRM procedure.
Brain Activity in Patients With Adductor Spasmodic Dysphonia Detected by Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging
Evaluation of Handwriting Movement Kinematics: From an Ecological to a Magnetic Resonance Environment.
High Frequency Migraine Is Associated with Lower Acute Pain Sensitivity and Abnormal Insula Activity Related to Migraine Pain Intensity, Attack Frequency, and Pain Catastrophizing.
Broca Pars Triangularis Constitutes a "Hub" of the Language-Control Network during Simultaneous Language Translation.
The Localization of Long-Distance Dependency Components: Integrating the Focal-lesion and Neuroimaging Record
Corticolimbic dysfunction during facial and prosodic emotional recognition in first-episode psychosis patients and individuals at ultra-high risk.
Structural brain abnormalities in a single gene disorder associated with epilepsy, language impairment and intellectual disability.
Abnormal dynamics of cortical resting state functional connectivity in chronic headache patients
Effects of astrocytic dynamics on spatiotemporal hemodynamics: Modeling and enhanced data analysis.
The neural transfer effect of working memory training to enhance hedonic processing in individuals with social anhedonia
Synthetic quantitative MRI through relaxometry modelling
Association of FKBP5 polymorphisms and resting-state activity in a frontotemporal–parietal network
Striatum-Centered Fiber Connectivity Is Associated with the Personality Trait of Cooperativeness.
Amygdala-prefrontal cortical functional connectivity during implicit emotion processing differentiates youth with bipolar spectrum from youth with externalizing disorders.
Recognition of the semantics and kinematics of gestures: Neural responses to "what" and "how"?
Difference in Activity in the Supplementary Motor Area Depending on Limb Combination of Hand-Foot Coordinated Movements.
Increased brain connectivity and activation after cognitive rehabilitation in Parkinson's disease: a randomized controlled trial.
Discriminating the Difference between Remote and Close Association with Relation to White-Matter Structural Connectivity
Magnitude Processing in the Brain: An fMRI Study of Time, Space, and Numerosity as a Shared Cortical System.
Disruptions in neural connectivity associated with reduced susceptibility to a depth inversion illusion in youth at ultra high risk for psychosis.
Specifically altered brain responses to threat in generalized anxiety disorder relative to social anxiety disorder and panic disorder.
Seeing the sound after visual loss: functional MRI in acquired auditory-visual synesthesia.
Somatosensory Brain Function and Gray Matter Regional Volumes Differ According to Exercise History: Evidence from Monozygotic Twins.
My Body Looks Like That Girl's: Body Mass Index Modulates Brain Activity during Body Image Self-Reflection among Young Women.
Influence of Temporal Expectations on Response Priming by Subliminal Faces.
Extraversion and neuroticism related to the resting-state effective connectivity of amygdala
Brain Changes in Responders vs. Non-Responders in Chronic Migraine: Markers of Disease Reversal.
A negative relationship between ventral striatal loss anticipation response and impulsivity in borderline personality disorder.
Brain structure and function in patients with ovarian cancer treated with first-line chemotherapy: a pilot study.
Physiological and neural correlates of worry and rumination: Support for the contrast avoidance model of worry.
A human chemosignal modulates frontolimbic activity and connectivity in response to emotional stimuli
Common and distinct brain regions in both parietal and frontal cortex support symbolic and nonsymbolic number processing in humans: A functional neuroimaging meta-analysis
Neuroticism related differences in the functional neuroanatomical correlates of multitasking. An fMRI study.
Aberrant activity and connectivity of the posterior superior temporal sulcus during social cognition in schizophrenia.
Abnormalities in the structural covariance of emotion regulation networks in major depressive disorder
SREBF-2 polymorphism influences white matter microstructure in bipolar disorder.
A neural mechanism of cognitive control for resolving conflict between abstract task rules.
Brain alterations in low-frequency fluctuations across multiple bands in obsessive compulsive disorder.
Increased default mode network connectivity and increased regional homogeneity in migraineurs without aura
Relating pessimistic memory predictions to Alzheimer's disease brain structure.
Linking Resting-State Networks in the Prefrontal Cortex to Executive Function: A Functional Near Infrared Spectroscopy Study
Central Pain Processing in Early-Stage Parkinson's Disease: A Laser Pain fMRI Study.
The Effects of Equine-assisted Activities and Therapy on Resting-state Brain Function in Attention-deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder: A Pilot Study
Abnormal resting-state functional connectivity study in unilateral pulsatile tinnitus patients with single etiology: A seed-based functional connectivity study
Brain structure in pediatric Tourette syndrome
Snap Your Fingers! An ERP/sLORETA Study Investigating Implicit Processing of Self- vs. Other-Related Movement Sounds Using the Passive Oddball Paradigm
Brain responses to facial attractiveness induced by facial proportions: evidence from an fMRI study
The Neurocognitive Cost of Enhancing Cognition with Methylphenidate: Improved Distractor Resistance but Impaired Updating.
States of Mind: Characterizing the Neural Bases of Focus and Mind-wandering through Dynamic Functional Connectivity.
Neural Systems Underlying Individual Differences in Intertemporal Decision-making.
Self-similarity and recursion as default modes in human cognition
Resting state connectivity of the human habenula at ultra-high field.
Altered regional brain function in the treatment‐naive patients with somatic symptom disorder: a resting‐state fMRI study
Temporal regularity of intrinsic cerebral activity in patients with chronic primary insomnia: a brain entropy study using resting‐state fMRI
Functional neuroimaging of visual creativity: a systematic review and meta‐analysis
Network-Level Dysconnectivity in Drug-Naïve First-Episode Psychosis: Dissociating Transdiagnostic and Diagnosis-Specific Alterations
The neural bases of proactive and reactive control processes in normal aging.
Cerebellar Involvement in Patients with Mild to Moderate Myoclonus Due to EPM1: Structural and Functional MRI Findings in Comparison with Healthy Controls and Ataxic Patients.
Brain Connectivity Changes in Autosomal Recessive Parkinson Disease: A Model for the Sporadic Form.
Concept typicality responses in the semantic memory network.
Functional and Structural Neuroplasticity Induced by Short-Term Tactile Training Based on Braille Reading.
Acute Stressors Reduce Neural Inhibition to Food Cues and Increase Eating Among Binge Eating Disorder Symptomatic Women
Greater Left Inferior Frontal Activation for SVO than VOS during Sentence Comprehension in Kaqchikel
Overdrinking, swallowing inhibition, and regional brain responses prior to swallowing.
Altered basal ganglia-cortical functional connections in frontal lobe epilepsy: A resting-state fMRI study
Effectiveness of cognitive-coping therapy and alteration of resting-state brain function in obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Increased cerebral blood flow among adolescents with bipolar disorder at rest is reduced following acute aerobic exercise.
Mentalizing in schizophrenia: A multivariate functional MRI study.
Predictive Brain Mechanisms in Sound-to-Meaning Mapping during Speech Processing.
Trusting outgroup, but not ingroup members, requires control: neural and behavioral evidence
Increased neural responses to empathy for pain might explain how acute stress increases prosociality
Motivation alters impression formation and related neural systems
Spatiotemporal dissociation of brain activity underlying threat and reward in social anxiety disorder
Neural correlates of deception: lying about past events and personal beliefs
The rTPJ’s overarching cognitive function in networks for attention and theory of mind
Neural correlates of specific musical anhedonia.
Globus Pallidus Interna in Tourette Syndrome: Decreased Local Activity and Disrupted Functional Connectivity
Localization of Impaired Kinesthetic Processing Post-stroke
The Neural Bases of Disgust for Cheese: An fMRI Study.
An Activation Likelihood Estimation Meta-Analysis Study of Simple Motor Movements in Older and Young Adults
Anterior Temporal Lobe Tracks the Formation of Prejudice.
Dynamic updating of hippocampal object representations reflects new conceptual knowledge.
Sustained Effects of Acupuncture Stimulation Investigated with Centrality Mapping Analysis.
Recruitment of Language-, Emotion- and Speech-Timing Associated Brain Regions for Expressing Emotional Prosody: Investigation of Functional Neuroanatomy with fMRI.
Frontal Lobe Hemodynamic Responses to Painful Stimulation: A Potential Brain Marker of Nociception.
Aging Affects Dopaminergic Neural Mechanisms of Cognitive Flexibility.
Distinct Regions within Medial Prefrontal Cortex Process Pain and Cognition.
Anticipation of guilt for everyday moral transgressions: The role of the anterior insula and the influence of interpersonal psychopathic traits
Negative mood-induction modulates default mode network resting-state functional connectivity in chronic depression.
Human sensory cortex structure and top-down controlling brain network determine individual differences in perceptual alternations.
An Investigation of the Differences and Similarities between Generated Small-World Networks for Right- and Left-Hand Motor Imageries
Neural Correlates of Belief and Emotion Attribution in Schizophrenia
Development of the Intrinsic Language Network in Preschool Children from Ages 3 to 5 Years.
Repeated acupuncture treatments modulate amygdala resting state functional connectivity of depressive patients.
Functional brain networks involved in gaze and emotional processing.
The Difference between Aesthetic Appreciation of Artistic and Popular Music: Evidence from an fMRI Study.
Functional connectivity during masked and unmasked face emotion processing in bipolar disorder.
Functional magnetic resonance imaging correlates of emotion recognition and voluntary attentional regulation in depression: A generalized psycho-physiological interaction study.
Neural complexity as a potential translational biomarker for psychosis.
Gaming is related to enhanced working memory performance and task-related cortical activity.
Ipsilateral Alteration of Resting State Activity Suggests That Cortical Dysfunction Contributes to the Pathogenesis of Cluster Headache.
The neural correlates of priming emotion and reward systems for conflict processing in alcoholics.
Sleep spindles: a physiological marker of age-related changes in gray matter in brain regions supporting motor skill memory consolidation.
Adolescent neural response to reward is related to participant sex and task motivation.
Arousal Rather than Basic Emotions Influence Long-Term Recognition Memory in Humans.
How Attention Modulates Encoding of Dynamic Stimuli.
The Primacy Effect in Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment: Associations with Hippocampal Functional Connectivity
Stress-induced brain activity, brain atrophy, and clinical disability in multiple sclerosis.
Serotonergic modulation of ‘waiting impulsivity' is mediated by the impulsivity phenotype in humans
High-field magnetic resonance imaging of structural alterations in first-episode, drug-naive patients with major depressive disorder
Increased functional connectivity one week after motor learning and tDCS in stroke patients
Altered homotopic connectivity in postherpetic neuralgia: a resting state fMRI study
Decrease in fMRI brain activation during working memory performed after sleeping under 10 lux light
Early grey matter changes in structural covariance networks in Huntington's disease.
Neurofunctional Abnormalities during Sustained Attention in Severe Childhood Abuse.
The Desire for Amputation or Paralyzation: Evidence for Structural Brain Anomalies in Body Integrity Identity Disorder (BIID).
Topological Organization of Metabolic Brain Networks in Pre-Chemotherapy Cancer with Depression: A Resting-State PET Study
Neural correlates of correct and failed response inhibition in heavy versus light social drinkers: an fMRI study during a go/no-go task by healthy participants.
How emotion context modulates unconscious goal activation during motor force exertion.
Dysfunction of the Default Mode Network in Drug-Naïve Parkinson’s Disease with Mild Cognitive Impairments: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Different Neural Mechanisms for the Comparison and Priming Distance Effects: An fMRI Study
Reward, salience, and attentional networks are activated by religious experience in devout Mormons
Group Membership Modulates the Neural Circuitry Underlying Third Party Punishment.
Behavioral and Neural Sustained Attention Deficits in Bipolar Disorder and Familial Risk of Bipolar Disorder.
Amygdala and dlPFC abnormalities, with aberrant connectivity and habituation in response to emotional stimuli in females with BPD.
Structural but not functional neuroplasticity one year after effective cognitive behaviour therapy for social anxiety disorder.
Neural substrates of sublexical processing for spelling.
Lower neighborhood quality in adolescence predicts higher mesolimbic sensitivity to reward anticipation in adulthood.
Neural Correlates of Hostile Jokes: Cognitive and Motivational Processes in Humor Appreciation.
Hallucinations and conscious access to visual inputs in Parkinson’s disease
Effect of acupuncture ‘dose’ on modulation of the default mode network of the brain
Aversive stimuli exacerbate defensive motor behaviour in motor conversion disorder.
What is the impact of child abuse on gray matter abnormalities in individuals with major depressive disorder: a case control study
Attentional Networks in Adolescents with High-functioning Autism: An fMRI Investigation
Relationship between the LHPP Gene Polymorphism and Resting-State Brain Activity in Major Depressive Disorder
Age‐related differences in brain network activation and co‐activation during multiple object tracking
Filtering and storage working memory networks in younger and older age
Dissociable roles of medial and lateral PFC in rule learning
Altered local spontaneous activity in frontal lobe epilepsy: a resting‐state functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Cortical plasticity between the pain and pain-free phases in patients with episodic tension-type headache
Motor sequence learning-induced neural efficiency in functional brain connectivity.
Neuronal correlates of continuous manual tracking under varying visual movement feedback in a virtual reality environment.
Loss of lateral prefrontal cortex control in food-directed attention and goal-directed food choice in obesity.
Intranasal Oxytocin Enhances Connectivity in the Neural Circuitry Supporting Social Motivation and Social Perception in Children with Autism
Altered Effective Connectivity of the Primary Motor Cortex in Stroke: A Resting-State fMRI Study with Granger Causality Analysis.
A functional magnetic resonance imaging investigation of theory of mind impairments in patients with temporal lobe epilepsy.
Enhancing Executive Function and Neural Health in Bipolar Disorder through Reasoning Training
Disrupted functional connectivity density in irritable bowel syndrome patients.
Neural Correlates of Contrast and Humor: Processing Common Features of Verbal Irony.
The neuropsychology of first impressions: Evidence from Huntington's disease.
Brain volumes and regional cortical thickness in young females with anorexia nervosa
Somatic and Reinforcement-Based Plasticity in the Initial Stages of Human Motor Learning.
Interaction Effects of BDNF and COMT Genes on Resting-State Brain Activity and Working Memory.
Prediction of Biological Motion Perception Performance from Intrinsic Brain Network Regional Efficiency.
Goal Directed Worry Rules Are Associated with Distinct Patterns of Amygdala Functional Connectivity and Vagal Modulation during Perseverative Cognition.
Empirical validation of directed functional connectivity.
Different brain responses to electro-acupuncture and moxibustion treatment in patients with Crohn’s disease
Novelty Seeking, Harm Avoidance, and Cerebral Responses to Conflict Anticipation: An Exploratory Study.
Effects of outcome on the covariance between risk level and brain activity in adolescents with internet gaming disorder.
Patterns of neural activity predict picture-naming performance of a patient with chronic aphasia.
Temporal reliability of ultra-high field resting-state MRI for single-subject sensorimotor and language mapping.
Alterations of resting state functional network connectivity in the brain of nicotine and alcohol users
Individual variation in intentionality in the mind-wandering state is reflected in the integration of the default-mode, fronto-parietal, and limbic networks.
Hypoperfusion of the thalamus is associated with disability in relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis
Age-related alterations in functional connectivity patterns during working memory encoding of emotional items.
Differential activation of the frontal pole to high vs low calorie foods: The neural basis of food preference in Anorexia Nervosa?
Effects of alexithymia and empathy on the neural processing of social and monetary rewards.
Neural correlates of temporal context retrieval for abstract scrambled phrases: Reducing narrative and familiarity-based strategies.
Interaction between DRD2 variation and sound environment on mood and emotion-related brain activity
Neural correlates of response inhibition in current and former smokers.
Advice Taking from Humans and Machines: An fMRI and Effective Connectivity Study.
Aberrant Functional Connectivity between the Amygdala and the Temporal Pole in Drug-Free Generalized Anxiety Disorder.
Mentalizing and Information Propagation through Social Network: Evidence from a Resting-State-fMRI Study
Exploring the Neurocircuitry Underpinning Predictability of Threat in Soldiers with PTSD Compared to Deployment Exposed Controls
Putamen Activation Represents an Intrinsic Positive Prediction Error Signal for Visual Search in Repeated Configurations
Investigating the Predictive Value of Functional MRI to Appetitive and Aversive Stimuli: A Pattern Classification Approach
Neural correlates of anxiety symptoms in mild Parkinson's disease: A prospective longitudinal voxel-based morphometry study.
Resting-state functional connectivity of subthalamic nucleus in different Parkinson's disease phenotypes.
Mild Cognitive Impairment Is Not “Mild” at All in Altered Activation of Episodic Memory Brain Networks: Evidence from ALE Meta-Analysis
Neural mechanisms underlying touch-induced visual perceptual suppression: An fMRI study
Early changes in emotional processing as a marker of clinical response to SSRI treatment in depression
Ventral Striatum Functional Connectivity during Rewards and Losses and Symptomatology in Depressed Patients.
Fronto-Parietal Contributions to Phonological Processes in Successful Artificial Grammar Learning.
Targeting Ruminative Thinking in Adolescents at Risk for Depressive Relapse: Rumination-Focused Cognitive Behavior Therapy in a Pilot Randomized Controlled Trial with Resting State fMRI.
Time Is Not Space: Core Computations and Domain-Specific Networks for Mental Travels.
Multivariate Brain Prediction of Heart Rate and Skin Conductance Responses to Social Threat.
Brain Network Mechanisms Underlying Motor Enhancement by Transcranial Entrainment of Gamma Oscillations.
“Hearing faces and seeing voices”: Amodal coding of person identity in the human brain
Altered spontaneous brain activity pattern in patients with high myopia using amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation: a resting-state fMRI study
Neural Mechanisms of the Transformation from Objective Value to Subjective Utility: Converting from Count to Worth
Motor Cortex Neurostimulation Technologies for Chronic Post-stroke Pain: Implications of Tissue Damage on Stimulation Currents
Testing the Limits of Skill Transfer for Scrabble Experts in Behavior and Brain
Disrupted functional connectivity affects resting state based language lateralization.
Differential neural encoding of sensorimotor and visual body representations
Structural and functional improvements due to robot-assisted gait training in the stroke-injured brain.
Neural markers of loss aversion in resting-state brain activity.
Aberrant modulation of brain activation by emotional valence during self-referential processing among patients with delusions of reference
Comparative Multimodal Meta-analysis of Structural and Functional Brain Abnormalities in Autism Spectrum Disorder and Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder.
Olanzapine modulation of long- and short-range functional connectivity in the resting brain in a sample of patients with schizophrenia.
Neural correlates of affective empathy and reinforcement learning in boys with conduct problems: fMRI evidence from a gambling task.
Electroconvulsive Therapy-Induced Brain Structural and Functional Changes in Major Depressive Disorders: A Longitudinal Study
An fMRI study of training voluntary smooth circular eye movements.
Genotype-phenotype correlations of cysteine replacement in CADASIL.
Neural signatures of phonological deficits in Chinese developmental dyslexia.
Disrupted Nodal and Hub Organization Account for Brain Network Abnormalities in Parkinson’s Disease
Functional and Structural Signatures of the Anterior Insula are associated with Risk-taking Tendency of Analgesic Decision-making
Effects of behavioural activation on the neural basis of other perspective self-referential processing in subthreshold depression: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study
The effect of strategies, goals and stimulus material on the neural mechanisms of emotion regulation: A meta-analysis of fMRI studies
Longitudinal functional brain imaging study in early course schizophrenia before and after cognitive enhancement therapy.
Neuroimaging somatosensory perception and masking.
Neural Systems Underlying Emotional and Non-emotional Interference Processing: An ALE Meta-Analysis of Functional Neuroimaging Studies.
Sex Differences in Gray Matter Volume of the Right Anterior Hippocampus Explain Sex Differences in Three-Dimensional Mental Rotation
Neural Mechanisms of Positive Mood Induced Modulation of Reality Monitoring.
Brain Functional Connectivity Is Different during Voluntary Concentric and Eccentric Muscle Contraction
A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study of Head Movements in Cervical Dystonia
Executive attention networks show altered relationship with default mode network in PD.
A Tale of Two Temporal Coding Strategies: Common and Dissociable Brain Regions Involved in Recency versus Associative Temporal Order Retrieval Strategies.
Tracking competition and cognitive control during language comprehension with multi-voxel pattern analysis.
Voice-sensitive brain networks encode talker-specific phonetic detail
The Role of the Amygdala in Facial Trustworthiness Processing: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analyses of fMRI Studies.
A functional magnetic resonance imaging investigation of visual hallucinations in the human striate cortex
How restful is it with all that noise? Comparison of Interleaved silent steady state (ISSS) and conventional imaging in resting-state fMRI.
Changes in cerebral glucose metabolism after 3 weeks of noninvasive electrical stimulation of mild cognitive impairment patients
Neurite density imaging versus imaging of microscopic anisotropy in diffusion MRI: A model comparison using spherical tensor encoding.
Functional connectivity in the resting brain as biological correlate of the Affective Neuroscience Personality Scales.
Predicting "When" in Discourse Engages the Human Dorsal Auditory Stream: An fMRI Study Using Naturalistic Stories.
Degrading traumatic memories with eye movements: a pilot functional MRI study in PTSD
Reward Contingencies Improve Goal-Directed Behavior by Enhancing Posterior Brain Attentional Regions and Increasing Corticostriatal Connectivity in Cocaine Addicts.
An fMRI investigation of the relationship between future imagination and cognitive flexibility
Fractionating the anterior temporal lobe: MVPA reveals differential responses to input and conceptual modality.
Repetition Suppression and Memory for Faces is Reduced in Adults with Autism Spectrum Conditions
The Role of Medial Frontal Cortex in Action Anticipation in Professional Badminton Players
Auditory evoked potential could reflect emotional sensitivity and impulsivity
Limits to tDCS effects in language: Failures to modulate word production in healthy participants with frontal or temporal tDCS.
Successful group psychotherapy of depression in adolescents alters fronto-limbic resting-state connectivity.
Further evidence of alerted default network connectivity and association with theory of mind ability in schizophrenia.
Spatiotopic updating across saccades revealed by spatially-specific fMRI adaptation.
Perfectionism mediated the relationship between brain structure variation and negative emotion in a nonclinical sample.
Neural correlates of pupil dilation during human fear learning.
Experience-dependent modulation of right anterior insula and sensorimotor regions as a function of noise-masked auditory feedback in singers and nonsingers.
Pseudoneglect in line bisection judgement is associated with a modulation of right hemispheric spatial attention dominance in right-handers.
Aberrant regional homogeneity in Parkinson's disease: A voxel-wise meta-analysis of resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging studies.
The obese brain as a heritable phenotype – A combined morphometry and twin study
Neural Basis of Working Memory Enhancement after Acute Aerobic Exercise: fMRI Study of Preadolescent Children
The short-term effect of liver transplantation on the low-frequency fluctuation of brain activity in cirrhotic patients with and without overt hepatic encephalopathy.
Reversal learning reveals cognitive deficits and altered prediction error encoding in the ventral striatum in Huntington's disease.
Brain morphometry predicts individual creative potential and the ability to combine remote ideas.
The role of anxiety in stuttering: Evidence from functional connectivity
Neural correlates of rumination in adolescents with remitted major depressive disorder and healthy controls.
Elderly patients have an altered gut-brain axis regardless of the presence of cirrhosis
Regional homogeneity associated with overgeneral autobiographical memory of first-episode treatment-naive patients with major depressive disorder in the orbitofrontal cortex: A resting-state fMRI stud
Recapitulation of emotional source context during memory retrieval
Neural correlates of RDoC reward constructs in adolescents with diverse psychiatric symptoms: A Reward Flanker Task pilot study
Dance and music share gray matter structural correlates.
Endogenous testosterone is associated with lower amygdala reactivity to angry faces and reduced aggressive behavior in healthy young women
Brain correlates of the intrinsic subjective cost of effort in sedentary volunteers.
Coding of Event Nodes and Narrative Context in the Hippocampus.
Frontal, Striatal, and Medial Temporal Sensitivity to Value Distinguishes Risk-Taking from Risk-Aversive Older Adults during Decision Making.
The GABAergic system in prefrontal cortex and hippocampus modulates context-related extinction learning and renewal in humans.
Distributed neural signatures of natural audiovisual speech and music in the human auditory cortex.
Functional cortical changes in relapsing–remitting multiple sclerosis at amplitude configuration: a resting-state fMRI study
Distinct Neural Substrates for Maintaining Locations and Spatial Relations in Working Memory.
The Neural Correlates of Humor Creativity.
Gender Specific Re-organization of Resting-State Networks in Older Age
Altered Insular Function during Aberrant Salience Processing in Relation to the Severity of Psychotic Symptoms
The role of the hippocampus in generalizing configural relationships
Combined EMD-sLORETA Analysis of EEG Data Collected during a Contour Integration Task
Linking language to the visual world: Neural correlates of comprehending verbal reference to objects through pointing and visual cues.
Validating an image-based fNIRS approach with fMRI and a working memory task.
Neural correlates of the affective properties of spontaneous and volitional laughter types.
Neural Pathway of Renovative and Innovative Products Appreciation
Voxel-based lesion symptom mapping analysis of depressive mood in patients with isolated cerebellar stroke: A pilot study.
Altered structural and functional thalamocortical networks in secondarily generalized extratemporal lobe seizures.
Functional neuroimaging of visuo-vestibular interaction.
Decreased white matter FA values in the left inferior frontal gyrus is a possible intermediate phenotype of schizophrenia: evidences from a novel group strategy.
Plasticity of prefrontal cortex connectivity in schizophrenia in response to antisaccade practice.
The Action Imitation network and motor imitation in children and adolescents with autism
Modulation of reward-related neural activation on sensation seeking across development.
Residual effects of emotion are reflected in enhanced visual activity after sleep.
Neural basis for inferring false beliefs and social emotions in others among individuals with schizophrenia and those at ultra-high risk for psychosis.
Reducing future fears by suppressing the brain mechanisms underlying episodic simulation.
Behavioral and neural correlates of disrupted orienting attention in posttraumatic stress disorder.
Decreased amygdala functional connectivity in adolescents with autism: A resting-state fMRI study.
Sensory Processing: The inion response revisited: evidence for a possible cerebellar contribution to vestibular-evoked potentials produced by air-conducted sound stimulation
Interaction of Instrumental and Goal-Directed Learning Modulates Prediction Error Representations in the Ventral Striatum.
The Right Superior Frontal Gyrus and Individual Variation in Proactive Control of Impulsive Response.
Compensatory increase of functional connectivity density in adolescents with internet gaming disorder.
Neural correlates of increased risk-taking propensity in sleep-deprived people along with a changing risk level.
Regional Brain Responses Are Biased Toward Infant Facial Expressions Compared to Adult Facial Expressions in Nulliparous Women.
Decreased Thalamocortical Connectivity in Chronic Ketamine Users.
Neural activations are related to body-shape, anxiety, and outcomes in adolescent anorexia nervosa
Age-related reduction of BOLD modulation to cognitive difficulty predicts poorer task accuracy and poorer fluid reasoning ability.
Altered spontaneous brain activity pattern in patients with late monocular blindness in middle-age using amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation: a resting-state functional MRI study
Differences in frontal and limbic brain activation in a small sample of monozygotic twin pairs discordant for severe stressful life events
Age-related differences in resolving semantic and phonological competition during receptive language tasks.
Beef assessments using functional magnetic resonance imaging and sensory evaluation
Disentangling meaning in the brain: Left temporal involvement in agreement processing.
Imaging the neuroplastic effects of ketamine with VBM and the necessity of placebo control.
The neural circuits for arithmetic principles
Histological Underpinnings of Grey Matter Changes in Fibromyalgia Investigated Using Multimodal Brain Imaging.
Sex differences in emotional perception: Meta analysis of divergent activation.
Aberrant default mode network homogeneity in patients with first-episode treatment-naive melancholic depression.
Failure to retreat: Blunted sensitivity to negative feedback supports risky behavior in adolescents.
Modulation of ventral striatal activity by cognitive effort
Tracking thoughts: Exploring the neural architecture of mental time travel during mind-wandering.
Network Connectivity of the Right STS in Three Social Perception Localizers.
Brain networks for visual creativity: a functional connectivity study of planning a visual artwork
Neural Signatures of the Reading-Writing Connection: Greater Involvement of Writing in Chinese Reading than English Reading
Grey Matter Microstructural Integrity Alterations in Blepharospasm Are Partially Reversed by Botulinum Neurotoxin Therapy
Brain network dysfunction in youth with obsessive-compulsive disorder induced by simple uni-manual behavior: The role of the dorsal anterior cingulate cortex.
Whole-brain functional connectivity during acquisition of novel grammar: Distinct functional networks depend on language learning abilities.
Decreased Subcortical and Increased Cortical Degree Centrality in a Nonclinical College Student Sample with Subclinical Depressive Symptoms: A Resting-State fMRI Study.
Working memory circuit as a function of increasing age in healthy adolescence: A systematic review and meta-analyses
Neural basis of distorted self-face recognition in social anxiety disorder.
Combined 18F-FDG-PET and diffusion tensor imaging in mesial temporal lobe epilepsy with hippocampal sclerosis
Functional resting-state fMRI connectivity correlates with serum levels of the S100B protein in the acute phase of traumatic brain injury.
Brain imaging correlates of recovered swallowing after dysphagic stroke: A fMRI and DWI study
Shared white matter alterations across emotional disorders: A voxel-based meta-analysis of fractional anisotropy
The neural representation of competence traits: An fMRI study
Interpersonal violence in posttraumatic women: brain networks triggered by trauma-related pictures
Effective amygdala-prefrontal connectivity predicts individual differences in successful emotion regulation.
Neuroimaging Findings in Pediatric Genetic Skeletal Disorders: A Review.
Safety and Tolerability of SonoVue® in Patients with Large Artery Anterior Circulation Acute Stroke.
Both anodal and cathodal transcranial direct current stimulation improves semantic processing.
Cerebral Targeting of Acupuncture at Combined Acupoints in Treating Essential Hypertension: An Rs-fMRI Study and Curative Effect Evidence
Deciphering human motion to discriminate social interactions: a developmental neuroimaging study.
Anxious anticipation and pain: the influence of instructed vs conditioned threat on pain.
Abnormal brain functional connectivity leads to impaired mood and cognition in hyperthyroidism: a resting-state functional MRI study
Mental rotation task specifically modulates functional connectivity strength of intrinsic brain activity in low frequency domains: A maximum uncertainty linear discriminant analysis.
Shared orthographic neuronal representations for spelling and reading.
Childhood poverty is associated with altered hippocampal function and visuospatial memory in adulthood.
Increase of posterior connectivity in aging within the Ventral Attention Network: A functional connectivity analysis using independent component analysis.
Mapping effective connectivity in the human brain with concurrent intracranial electrical stimulation and BOLD-fMRI.
Lost emotion: Disrupted brain-based tracking of dynamic affective episodes in anxiety and depression.
Methylphenidate during early consolidation affects long-term associative memory retrieval depending on baseline catecholamines
Relationship between resting state functional magnetic resonance imaging and memory function in mesial temporal lobe epilepsy.
Decision-making performance in Parkinson's disease correlates with lateral orbitofrontal volume.
Aberrant spontaneous low-frequency brain activity in amnestic mild cognitive impairment: A meta-analysis of resting-state fMRI studies
Intrinsic inter-network brain dysfunction correlates with symptom dimensions in late-life depression
Common and distinct brain regions processing multisensory bodily signals for peripersonal space and body ownership.
Changed Hub and Corresponding Functional Connectivity of Subgenual Anterior Cingulate Cortex in Major Depressive Disorder
Functional and structural connectivity of the amygdala in obsessive-compulsive disorder
Cerebral blood flow and its connectivity features of auditory verbal hallucinations in schizophrenia: A perfusion study.
Automatic numerical-spatial association in synaesthesia: An fMRI investigation.
Idiosyncratic Patterns of Representational Similarity in Prefrontal Cortex Predict Attentional Performance.
Priming Hand Motor Training with Repetitive Stimulation of the Fingertips; Performance Gain and Functional Imaging of Training Effects
Functional Dysconnection of the Inferior Frontal Gyrus in Young People With Bipolar Disorder or at Genetic High Risk.
Structural and functional neural correlates of spatial navigation: a combined voxel‐based morphometry and functional connectivity study
Reduced brain activation during inhibitory control in children with COMT Val/Val genotype
fMRI functional connectivity of the periaqueductal gray in PTSD and its dissociative subtype
White matter correlates of the disorganized speech dimension in schizophrenia.
Neural circuitry of emotion regulation: Effects of appraisal, attention, and cortisol administration.
The dynamics of memory consolidation of landmarks.
Contribution of Gray and White Matter Abnormalities to Cognitive Impairment in Multiple Sclerosis
Brain networks underlying novel metaphor production.
Deficient amygdala-prefrontal intrinsic connectivity after effortful emotion regulation in borderline personality disorder.
Vertex-wise examination of depressive symptom dimensions and brain volumes in older adults.
Impulsivity and aggression mediate regional brain responses in Borderline Personality Disorder: An fMRI study.
Cognitive emotion regulation modulates the balance of competing influences on ventral striatal aversive prediction error signals.
Abnormal spontaneous brain activity in type 2 diabetic retinopathy revealed by amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations: a resting-state fMRI study
Long-Term Effects of Acute Stress on the Prefrontal-Limbic System in the Healthy Adult.
Visual Imagery and False Memory for Pictures: A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study in Healthy Participants.
Catechol-O-methyltransferase Val(108/158)Met polymorphism affects fronto-limbic connectivity during emotional processing in bipolar disorder
Brain insulin resistance deteriorates cognition by altering the topological features of brain networks.
Sense of Accomplishment Is Modulated by a Proper Level of Instruction and Represented in the Brain Reward System.
Left Anterior Temporal Lobe and Bilateral Anterior Cingulate Cortex Are Semantic Hub Regions: Evidence from Behavior-Nodal Degree Mapping in Brain-Damaged Patients.
Ipsilateral Putamen and Insula Activation by Both Left and Right GB34 Acupuncture Stimulation: An fMRI Study on Healthy Participants
The effect of the top 20 Alzheimer disease risk genes on gray-matter density and FDG PET brain metabolism
Alerted default mode: functional connectivity changes in the aftermath of social stress
Excitation and inhibition in anterior cingulate predict use of past experiences
Analysis of longitudinal diffusion-weighted images in healthy and pathological aging: An ADNI study.
Representations of modality-general valence for videos and music derived from fMRI data.
Resting state brain connectivity patterns before eventual relapse into cocaine abuse.
In Vivo Evidence of Reduced Integrity of the Gray–White Matter Boundary in Autism Spectrum Disorder
Reduced Hippocampal Functional Connectivity During Episodic Memory Retrieval in Autism
Atypical developmental trajectory of local spontaneous brain activity in autism spectrum disorder
The OPRM1 A118G polymorphism modulates the descending pain modulatory system for individual pain experience in young women with primary dysmenorrhea
Predicting the Multisensory Consequences of One's Own Action: BOLD Suppression in Auditory and Visual Cortices.
The Neuronal Correlates of Indeterminate Sentence Comprehension: An fMRI Study
Interplay between Heightened Temporal Variability of Spontaneous Brain Activity and Task-Evoked Hyperactivation in the Blind.
Diurnal Variations in Neural Activity of Healthy Human Brain Decoded with Resting-State Blood Oxygen Level Dependent fMRI.
Effects of Intensity of Facial Expressions on Amygdalar Activation Independently of Valence
Initial and sustained brain responses to threat anticipation in blood-injection-injury phobia.
Right inferior frontal cortex activity correlates with tolcapone responsivity in problem and pathological gamblers
Correction: Voxel-Based Morphometry in Individuals at Genetic High Risk for Schizophrenia and Patients with Schizophrenia during Their First Episode of Psychosis
Characterization of brain blood flow and the amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations in major depressive disorder: A multimodal meta-analysis.
Person perception involves functional integration between the extrastriate body area and temporal pole.
Hemispheric asymmetries in the transition from action preparation to execution.
Dopamine Modulates the Functional Organization of the Orbitofrontal Cortex.
Cerebellar tDCS Modulates Neural Circuits during Semantic Prediction: A Combined tDCS-fMRI Study.
Task-specific reorganization of the auditory cortex in deaf humans.
Considering total intracranial volume and other nuisance variables in brain voxel based morphometry in idiopathic PD.
Neural codes of seeing architectural styles
Functional neuroimaging effects of recently discovered genetic risk loci for schizophrenia and polygenic risk profile in five RDoC subdomains
I know I’ve seen you before: Distinguishing recent-single-exposure-based familiarity from pre-existing familiarity
Brain Structure and Function Associated with Younger Adults in Growth Hormone Receptor-Deficient Humans.
Human Exploration of Enclosed Spaces through Echolocation.
Altered Effective Connectivity of Hippocampus-Dependent Episodic Memory Network in mTBI Survivors
Optshrink LR + S: accelerated fMRI reconstruction using non-convex optimal singular value shrinkage
Altered fractional amplitude of low frequency fluctuation associated with cognitive dysfunction in first-episode drug-naïve major depressive disorder patients
Cortical thickness increases after simultaneous interpretation training.
Cognitive Control Structures in the Imitation Learning of Spatial Sequences and Rhythms-An fMRI Study.
Representational Similarity Mapping of Distributional Semantics in Left Inferior Frontal, Middle Temporal, and Motor Cortex.
Formation of Long-Term Locomotor Memories Is Associated with Functional Connectivity Changes in the Cerebellar-Thalamic-Cortical Network.
Looking the part (to me): effects of racial prototypicality on race perception vary by prejudice
Abnormalities of regional brain function in Parkinson’s disease: a meta-analysis of resting state functional magnetic resonance imaging studies
Understanding the Goals of Everyday Instrumental Actions Is Primarily Linked to Object, Not Motor-Kinematic, Information: Evidence from fMRI.
Regional Homogeneity Changes in Nicotine Addicts by Resting-State fMRI.
Creative constraints: Brain activity and network dynamics underlying semantic interference during idea production.
Attention and processing speed performance in multiple sclerosis is mostly related to thalamic volume.
Interference from related actions in spoken word production: Behavioural and fMRI evidence.
The role of the IFG and pSTS in syntactic prediction: Evidence from a parametric study of hierarchical structure in fMRI.
The developmental relationship between specific cognitive domains and grey matter in the cerebellum.
Convergence of interoception, emotion, and social cognition: A twofold fMRI meta-analysis and lesion approach
Brain Structural Differences between Normal and Obese Adults and their Links with Lack of Perseverance, Negative Urgency, and Sensation Seeking
Differentiating emotional processing and attention in psychopathy with functional neuroimaging.
Aberrant spontaneous neural activity and correlation with evoked-brain potentials in first-episode, treatment-naive patients with deficit and non-deficit schizophrenia.
Similar patterns of brain activation abnormalities during emotional and non-emotional judgments of faces in a schizophrenia family study.
Obesity and insulin resistance are associated with reduced activity in core memory regions of the brain.
Hippocampal Contribution to Context Encoding across Development Is Disrupted following Early-Life Adversity.
Neural correlates of babyish adult face processing in men.
Bilateral recruitment of prefrontal cortex in working memory is associated with task demand but not with age.
Resolving the Brainstem Contributions to Attentional Analgesia
Same Story, Different Story.
Increased amygdala reactivity following early life stress: a potential resilience enhancer role
Genetic effect of interleukin-1 beta (C-511T) polymorphism on the structural covariance network and white matter integrity in Alzheimer’s disease
Action Categories in Lateral Occipitotemporal Cortex Are Organized Along Sociality and Transitivity.
Visual Sampling Predicts Hippocampal Activity.
Neural bases of recommendations differ according to social network structure
Morphological and Functional Differences between Athletes and Novices in Cortical Neuronal Networks.
Spatial Mnemonic Encoding: Theta Power Decreases and Medial Temporal Lobe BOLD Increases Co-Occur during the Usage of the Method of Loci
Distinct cortico-striatal connections with subthalamic nucleus underlie facets of compulsivity.
The DRD2 rs1076560 polymorphism and schizophrenia-related intermediate phenotypes: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Cognitive-motor dual-task interference: A systematic review of neural correlates.
Abnormal regional spontaneous neuronal activity associated with symptom severity in treatment-naive patients with obsessive-compulsive disorder revealed by resting-state functional MRI.
A Reduction in Delay Discounting by Using Episodic Future Imagination and the Association with Episodic Memory Capacity
Gray Matter Atrophy within the Default Mode Network of Fibromyalgia: A Meta-Analysis of Voxel-Based Morphometry Studies
Machiavellian emotion regulation in a cognitive reappraisal task: An fMRI study.
Binge drinking differentially affects cortical and subcortical microstructure
Amygdala Atrophy and Its Functional Disconnection with the Cortico-Striatal-Pallidal-Thalamic Circuit in Major Depressive Disorder in Females
Re-assessing acalculia: Distinguishing spatial and purely arithmetical deficits in right-hemisphere damaged patients.
Modulation on brain gray matter activity and white matter integrity by APOE ε4 risk gene in cognitively intact elderly: A multimodal neuroimaging study.
Unsmoothed functional MRI of the human amygdala and bed nucleus of the stria terminalis during processing of emotional faces.
MRI Shows that Exhaustion Syndrome Due to Chronic Occupational Stress is Associated with Partially Reversible Cerebral Changes.
Common and Specific Abnormalities in Cortical Thickness in Patients with Major Depressive and Bipolar Disorders
Structural brain alteration in survivors of acute lymphoblastic leukemia with chemotherapy treatment: A voxel-based morphometry and diffusion tensor imaging study.
Different mechanisms in learning different second languages: Evidence from English speakers learning Chinese and Spanish.
Internal and external attention and the default mode network.
Spatiotemporal reconstruction of auditory steady-state responses to acoustic amplitude modulations: Potential sources beyond the auditory pathway.
Divergent Human Cortical Regions for Processing Distinct Acoustic-Semantic Categories of Natural Sounds: Animal Action Sounds vs. Vocalizations.
The Role of Left Hemispheric Structures for Emotional Processing as a Monitor of Bodily Reaction and Felt Chill - a Case-Control Functional Imaging Study.
The Functional Integration in the Sensory-Motor System Predicts Aging in Healthy Older Adults
A Deletion Variant of the alpha2b-Adrenoceptor Modulates the Stress-Induced Shift from "Cognitive" to "Habit" Memory.
Distinct neural bases of disruptive behavior and autism symptom severity in boys with autism spectrum disorder
Cortical Reorganization in Patients Recovered from Bell's Palsy: An Orofacial and Finger Movements Task-State fMRI Study
Changes in functional organization and white matter integrity in the connectome in Parkinson's disease
Characterization of functional brain activity and connectivity using EEG and fMRI in patients with sickle cell disease.
Altered functional connectivity of amygdala underlying the neuromechanism of migraine pathogenesis
Frequency-dependent changes in the amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations in patients with Wilson’s disease: a resting-state fMRI study
Default mode network deactivation during emotion processing predicts early antidepressant response
Are numbers grounded in a general magnitude processing system? A functional neuroimaging meta-analysis.
Changes in fMRI activation in anterior hippocampus and motor cortex during memory retrieval after an intense exercise intervention.
Dissociating the Neural Basis of Conceptual Self-Awareness from Perceptual Awareness and Unaware Self-Processing.
Orbitofrontal cortex mediates pain inhibition by monetary reward
Pain-mediated affect regulation is reduced after dialectical behavior therapy in borderline personality disorder: a longitudinal fMRI study
Trust as commodity: social value orientation affects the neural substrates of learning to cooperate
The Effect of Gray Matter ICA and Coefficient of Variation Mapping of BOLD Data on the Detection of Functional Connectivity Changes in Alzheimer's Disease and bvFTD.
Early Age-Related Functional Connectivity Decline in High-Order Cognitive Networks
The neural basis of intergroup threat effect on social attention
Intrinsic Functional Connectivity Alterations of the Primary Visual Cortex in Primary Angle-Closure Glaucoma Patients before and after Surgery: A Resting-State fMRI Study.
The Caudate Nucleus Mediates Learning of Stimulus-Control State Associations.
Decision-Making Deficits Associated with Amyloidosis in Lewy Body Disorders
Temporoparietal Junction Hypoactivity during Pain-Related Empathy Processing in Adolescents with Conduct Disorder
Distinct activated cortical areas and volumes in Uygur-Chinese bilinguals
Relationship between individual differences in functional connectivity and facial-emotion recognition abilities in adults with traumatic brain injury.
Interictal brain activity differs in migraine with and without aura: resting state fMRI study
Functional Connectivity Anomalies in Adolescents with Psychotic Symptoms.
Increase in brain activation due to sub-tasks during driving: fMRI study using new MR-compatible driving simulator
Neural correlates of the impact of prior outcomes on subsequent monetary decision-making in frequent poker players.
Decreased functional connectivity between the dorsal anterior cingulate cortex and lingual gyrus in Alzheimer's disease patients with depression.
Functional connectivity when detecting rare visual targets in schizophrenia
Brain connectivity associated with cascading levels of language
Preliminary fMRI findings concerning the influence of 5‐HTP on food selection
Aberrant neural networks for the recognition memory of socially relevant information in patients with schizophrenia
How white and black bodies are perceived depends on what emotion is expressed
Attention Bias of Avoidant Individuals to Attachment Emotion Pictures
Mere Exposure: Preference Change for Novel Drinks Reflected in Human Ventral Tegmental Area.
Adaptive Adolescent Flexibility: Neurodevelopment of Decision-making and Learning in a Risky Context.
A TMS Investigation on the Role of Lateral Occipital Complex and Caudal Intraparietal Sulcus in the Perception of Object Form and Orientation.
Inferior Frontal Cortex Contributions to the Recognition of Spoken Words and Their Constituent Speech Sounds.
Long-Term Experience of Chinese Calligraphic Handwriting Is Associated with Better Executive Functions and Stronger Resting-State Functional Connectivity in Related Brain Regions.
Treatment for social anxiety disorder alters functional connectivity in emotion regulation neural circuitry.
Neural responses to social threat and predictors of cognitive behavioral therapy and acceptance and commitment therapy in social anxiety disorder.
Resting-state functional connectivity in medication-naive schizophrenia patients with and without auditory verbal hallucinations: A preliminary report.
Amygdala-prefrontal cortex resting-state functional connectivity varies with first depressive or manic episode in bipolar disorder.
A variance components model for statistical inference on functional connectivity networks.
Dynamic aftereffects in supplementary motor network following inhibitory transcranial magnetic stimulation protocols.
Higher Fasting Plasma Glucose is Associated with Increased Cortical Thinning Over 12 Years: The PATH Through Life Study.
Sex attracts - neural correlates of sexual preference under cognitive demand.
Resting state fMRI regional homogeneity correlates with cognition measures in subcortical vascular cognitive impairment
Longitudinally extensive transverse myelitis immune-mediated in aquaporin-4 antibody negative patients: Disease heterogeneity.
Cortical control of vertical and horizontal saccades in progressive supranuclear palsy: An exploratory fMRI study.
Altered degree centrality in childhood absence epilepsy: A resting-state fMRI study.
Regional volumetric change in Parkinson's disease with cognitive decline.
Volitional regulation of brain responses to food stimuli in overweight and obese subjects: A real-time fMRI feedback study
Activation of writing-specific brain regions when reading Chinese as a second language. Effects of training modality and transfer to novel characters.
Evidence accumulation detected in BOLD signal using slow perceptual decision making.
A new generation of magnetoencephalography: Room temperature measurements using optically-pumped magnetometers
Common and differential brain abnormalities in gambling disorder subtypes based on risk attitude
A change in brain white matter after shunt surgery in idiopathic normal pressure hydrocephalus: a tract-based spatial statistics study
Assessing uncertainty in dynamic functional connectivity.
Pattern of Reduced Functional Connectivity and Structural Abnormalities in Parkinson’s Disease: An Exploratory Study
Peripheral apoE isoform levels in cognitively normal APOE ε3/ε4 individuals are associated with regional gray matter volume and cerebral glucose metabolism
Alterations in visual cortical activation and connectivity with prefrontal cortex during working memory updating in major depressive disorder.
Functional magnetic resonance imaging data of incremental increases in visuo-spatial difficulty in an adult lifespan sample
Altered amplitude of low frequency fluctuations in schizophrenia patients with persistent auditory verbal hallucinations
Differential Effects of Encoding Instructions on Brain Activity Patterns of Item and Associative Memory.
Inside Speech: Multisensory and Modality-specific Processing of Tongue and Lip Speech Actions.
Theta and high-beta networks for feedback processing: a simultaneous EEG–fMRI study in healthy male subjects
Isolating response inhibition in the brain: Parietal versus frontal contribution.
Brain structural and functional dissociated patterns in schizophrenia
Attentional deployment impacts neural response to regret
The APOE ε4 genotype modulates CSF YKL-40 levels and their structural brain correlates in the continuum of Alzheimer's disease but not those of sTREM2
Association between neural reactivity and startle reactivity to uncertain threat in two independent samples.
Reduced functional connectivity between bilateral precuneus and contralateral parahippocampus in schizotypal personality disorder
Neural bases of congenital amusia in tonal language speakers.
Effortful control and resting state networks: A longitudinal EEG study
A Coordinate-Based Meta-Analysis of Overlaps in Regional Specialization and Functional Connectivity across Subjective Value and Default Mode Networks.
Maintaining the feelings of others in working memory is associated with activation of the left anterior insula and left frontal-parietal control network.
Neural correlates and structural markers of emotion dysregulation in traumatized civilians
A balance of activity in brain control and reward systems predicts self-regulatory outcomes
Retrieval of high-fidelity memory arises from distributed cortical networks.
Knowing me, knowing you: Resting-state functional connectivity of ventromedial prefrontal cortex dissociates memory related to self from a familiar other.
Task-dependent neural and behavioral effects of verb argument structure features.
Brain-behavior relationships in source memory: Effects of age and memory ability.
FMRI activity during associative encoding is correlated with cardiorespiratory fitness and source memory performance in older adults.
Oxytocin differentially alters resting state functional connectivity between amygdala subregions and emotional control networks: Inverse correlation with depressive traits.
Intranasal oxytocin, but not vasopressin, augments neural responses to toddlers in human fathers.
Prior Visual Experience Modulates Learning of Sound Localization Among Blind Individuals
Do alcohol-dependent patients show different neural activation during response inhibition than healthy controls in an alcohol-related fMRI go/no-go-task?
Neural mechanisms of mood-induced modulation of reality monitoring in schizophrenia.
Neuromodulation in response to electroconvulsive therapy in schizophrenia and major depression
Automaticity of phonological and semantic processing during visual word recognition.
Human Brain Activity Related to the Tactile Perception of Stickiness
Phonological and syntactic competition effects in spoken word recognition: evidence from corpus-based statistics
Doubling down: increased risk-taking behavior following a loss by individuals with cocaine use disorder is associated with striatal and anterior cingulate dysfunction.
Voxel-based morphometry of disgust sensitivity
Three dimensional mathematical modeling of violin plate surfaces: An approach based on an ensemble of contour lines
A Possible Role of Prolonged Whirling Episodes on Structural Plasticity of the Cortical Networks and Altered Vertigo Perception: The Cortex of Sufi Whirling Dervishes
Practice and Learning: Spatiotemporal Differences in Thalamo-Cortical-Cerebellar Networks Engagement across Learning Phases in Schizophrenia
Disrupted Causal Connectivity Anchored in the Posterior Cingulate Cortex in Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment
Right Hemisphere Remapping of Naming Functions Depends on Lesion Size and Location in Poststroke Aphasia
A Neural "Tuning Curve" for Multisensory Experience and Cognitive-Perceptual Schizotypy.
Brain activity underlying negative self- and other-perception in adolescents: The role of attachment-derived self-representations.
Meta-analysis of functional magnetic resonance imaging studies of timing and cognitive control in schizophrenia and bipolar disorder: Evidence of a primary time deficit.
Tai Chi Chuan and Baduanjin practice modulates functional connectivity of the cognitive control network in older adults
Functional MRI of Human Eyeblink Classical Conditioning in Children with Fetal Alcohol Spectrum Disorders.
Compensatory functional reorganization may precede hypertension-related brain damage and cognitive decline: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Genetic structure and distribution of Parisotoma notabilis (Collembola) in Europe: Cryptic diversity, split of lineages and colonization patterns
The role of emotional inhibitory control in specific internet addiction - an fMRI study.
Altered functional connectivity in default mode network in Internet gaming disorder: Influence of childhood ADHD
Associations among Cognitive Functions, Plasma DNA, and White Matter Integrity in Patients with Early-Onset Parkinson's Disease
Resting-State Brain Abnormalities in Chronic Subjective Tinnitus: A Meta-Analysis.
Convergent behavioral and corticolimbic connectivity evidence of a negativity bias in children and adolescents
Modifications in resting state functional anticorrelation between default mode network and dorsal attention network: comparison among young adults, healthy elders and mild cognitive impairment patient
Examining brain structures associated with dispositional envy and the mediation role of emotional intelligence
Metacognitive ability correlates with hippocampal and prefrontal microstructure.
Mouth and Voice: A Relationship between Visual and Auditory Preference in the Human Superior Temporal Sulcus.
Are There Multiple Kinds of Episodic Memory? An fMRI Investigation Comparing Autobiographical and Recognition Memory Tasks.
Early cortical biomarkers of longitudinal transcutaneous vagus nerve stimulation treatment success in depression.
Young adolescents with autism show abnormal joint attention network: A gaze contingent fMRI study.
Disrupted functional connectivity of striatal sub-regions in Bell's palsy patients.
Grey matter alterations in migraine: A systematic review and meta-analysis
Face-name association task reveals memory networks in patients with left and right hippocampal sclerosis.
Sleep habits, academic performance, and the adolescent brain structure
Tool selection and the ventral‐dorsal organization of tool‐related knowledge
Prefrontal-Parietal White Matter Volumes in Healthy Elderlies Are Decreased in Proportion to the Degree of Cardiovascular Risk and Related to Inhibitory Control Deficits
Body Topography Parcellates Human Sensory and Motor Cortex
Increased network centrality as markers of relapse risk in nicotine-dependent individuals treated with varenicline
How people with multiple sclerosis cope with a sustained finger motor task: A behavioural and fMRI study.
Sexual differentiation of the adolescent rat brain: A longitudinal voxel-based morphometry study.
Abnormal regional activity and functional connectivity in resting-state brain networks associated with etiology confirmed unilateral pulsatile tinnitus in the early stage of disease
Abnormal cortical functional activity in patients with ischemic white matter lesions: A resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Glutamatergic metabolites are associated with visual plasticity in humans.
Nicotine increases anterior insula activation to expected and unexpected outcomes among nonsmokers.
Changes in the correlation between spatial and temporal source memory performance and BOLD activity across the adult lifespan.
Neural mechanisms of implicit cognitive reappraisal: Preceding descriptions alter emotional response to unpleasant images
Activity and connectivity of the cerebellum in trigeminal nociception.
Mapping of Brain Activations to Rectal Balloon Distension Stimuli in Male Patients with Irritable Bowel Syndrome Using Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging
Influence of age and cognitive performance on resting-state brain networks of older adults in a population-based cohort.
Age-dependent atypicalities in body- and face-sensitive activation of the EBA and FFA in individuals with ASD.
Dopamine in the medial amygdala network mediates human bonding.
Altered Hippocampo-Cerebello-Cortical Circuit in Schizophrenia by a Spatiotemporal Consistency and Causal Connectivity Analysis.
Disrupted Resting-State Default Mode Network in Betel Quid-Dependent Individuals
Creating Colored Letters: Familial Markers of Grapheme-Color Synesthesia in Parietal Lobe Activation and Structure.
Observing Others Speak or Sing Activates Spt and Neighboring Parietal Cortex.
Rare damaging variants in DNA repair and cell cycle pathways are associated with hippocampal and cognitive dysfunction: a combined genetic imaging study in first-episode treatment-naive patients with schizophrenia
Effects of sex hormone treatment on white matter microstructure in individuals with gender dysphoria.
Resting-State Brain Anomalies in Type 2 Diabetes: A Meta-Analysis
Imaging the up's and down's of emotion regulation in lifetime depression.
Neural Mechanisms Underlying Affective Theory of Mind in Violent Antisocial Personality Disorder and/or Schizophrenia.
Decreased Cingulate Cortex activation during cognitive control processing in bipolar disorder.
Functional connectivity in resting state as a phonemic fluency ability measure.
Transformed Neural Pattern Reinstatement during Episodic Memory Retrieval.
Dopamine Modulates Adaptive Prediction Error Coding in the Human Midbrain and Striatum.
A pilot study exploring the association of morphological changes with 5-HTTLPR polymorphism in OCD patients
Flavor pleasantness processing in the ventral emotion network.
Towards sustainable fishery management for skates in South America: The genetic population structure of Zearaja chilensis and Dipturus trachyderma (Chondrichthyes, Rajiformes) in the south-east Pacific Ocean
Human cortical neural correlates of visual fatigue during binocular depth perception: An fNIRS study
Altered olfactory processing and increased insula activity in patients with obsessive-compulsive disorder: An fMRI study.
Neural activity during production of rorschach responses: An fMRI study.
Association of medial prefrontal resting state functional connectivity and metacognitive capacity in early phase psychosis.
Neural Representations of Observed Actions Generalize across Static and Dynamic Visual Input.
A neuroimaging study of emotion-cognition interaction in schizophrenia: the effect of ziprasidone treatment.
Emotion-specific nocebo effects: an fMRI study.
Hierarchical control of procedural and declarative category-learning systems.
Cross-modal representation of spoken and written word meaning in left pars triangularis.
The heterogeneity of the left dorsal premotor cortex evidenced by multimodal connectivity-based parcellation and functional characterization.
Ultra-High-Field fMRI Reveals a Role for the Subiculum in Scene Perceptual Discrimination.
Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation Modulates Neuronal Networks in Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder.
Abnormal functional networks in resting-state of the sub-cortical chronic stroke patients with hemiplegia.
Neural Mechanism Underling Comprehension of Narrative Speech and Its Heritability: Study in a Large Population.
Cross-cultural consistency and diversity in intrinsic functional organization of Broca's Region.
Deactivation in the posterior mid-cingulate cortex reflects perceptual transitions during binocular rivalry: Evidence from simultaneous EEG-fMRI.
Prediction of Mild Cognitive Impairment Conversion Using a Combination of Independent Component Analysis and the Cox Model.
Neural Correlates of Mirror Visual Feedback-Induced Performance Improvements: A Resting-State fMRI Study.
Don’t Lose Your Brain at Work – The Role of Recurrent Novelty at Work in Cognitive and Brain Aging
Altered functional connectivity architecture of the brain in medication overuse headache using resting state fMRI
Different brain structures associated with artistic and scientific creativity: a voxel-based morphometry study
Enhanced neural activation with blueberry supplementation in mild cognitive impairment.
Abnormality of spontaneous brain activities in patients with chronic neck and shoulder pain: A resting-state fMRI study
Anterior insula signals inequalities in a modified Ultimatum Game
The Effects of Age, from Young to Middle Adulthood, and Gender on Resting State Functional Connectivity of the Dopaminergic Midbrain
Brain activation to task-irrelevant disorder-related threat in social anxiety disorder: The impact of symptom severity.
Short-term cerebral activity alterations after surgery in patients with unilateral mesial temporal lobe epilepsy associated with hippocampal sclerosis: A longitudinal resting-state fMRI study
Narrative Organization Deficit in Lewy Body Disorders Is Related to Alzheimer Pathology
Hemispheric asymmetry in myelin after stroke is related to motor impairment and function.
Modulation of APOE and SORL1 genes on hippocampal functional connectivity in healthy young adults.
EEG Signatures of Dynamic Functional Network Connectivity States.
Modulation of the sensorimotor system by sustained manual pressure stimulation
Perceived moral traits of others differentiate the neural activation that underlies inequity-aversion
Evidence for alterations of the right inferior and superior longitudinal fasciculi in patients with social anxiety disorder.
Mapping visual dominance in human sleep
Plasma DNA Mediate Autonomic Dysfunctions and White Matter Injuries in Patients with Parkinson's Disease
Reorganization of early visual cortex functional connectivity following selective peripheral and central visual loss
Functional connectivity of motor cortical network in patients with brachial plexus avulsion injury after contralateral cervical nerve transfer: a resting-state fMRI study
Alteration of regional homogeneity and white matter hyperintensities in amnestic mild cognitive impairment subtypes are related to cognition and CSF biomarkers.
Neural correlates of graphic cigarette warning labels predict smoking cessation relapse.
The association of sleep and physical activity with integrity of white matter microstructure in bipolar disorder patients and healthy controls.
Language plasticity after hemispherotomy of the dominant hemisphere in 3 patients: Implication of non-linguistic networks
Frontal-subcortical circuitry in social attachment and relationships: A cross-sectional fMRI ALE meta-analysis.
Modulation of attentional networks by food-related disinhibition
Self-face recognition shares brain regions active during proprioceptive illusion in the right inferior fronto-parietal superior longitudinal fasciculus III network
Differences in Brain Hemodynamics in Response to Achromatic and Chromatic Cards of the Rorschach
Disrupted neural activity patterns to novelty and effort in young adult APOE‐e4 carriers performing a subsequent memory task
Intact Ventral Striatal Prediction Error Signaling in Medicated Schizophrenia Patients.
Coherent activity between brain regions that code for value is linked to the malleability of human behavior
Cerebellar lobules and dentate nuclei mirror cortical force‐related‐BOLD responses: Beyond all (linear) expectations
Hippocampal-cortical contributions to strategic exploration during perceptual discrimination.
Hyperarousal and Beyond: New Insights to the Pathophysiology of Insomnia Disorder through Functional Neuroimaging Studies
Multimodal representations of person identity individuated with fMRI
Decoding versus comprehension: Brain responses underlying reading comprehension in children with autism.
Neural patterns underlying the effect of negative distractors on working memory in older adults.
A neural model of valuation and information virality.
Abnormalities of localized connectivity in schizophrenia patients and their unaffected relatives: a meta-analysis of resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging studies
Abnormal resting-state brain activities in patients with first-episode obsessive-compulsive disorder
Positive effects of neurofeedback on autism symptoms correlate with brain activation during imitation and observation.
fMRI study of graduated emotional charge for detection of covert activity using passive listening to narratives
Knowing what from where: Hippocampal connectivity with temporoparietal cortex at rest is linked to individual differences in semantic and topographic memory.
Longitudinal Intrinsic Brain Activity Changes in Cirrhotic Patients before and One Month after Liver Transplantation
Orbitofrontal overactivation in reward processing in borderline personality disorder: the role of non-suicidal self-injury.
Identifying the presence of Parkinson's disease using low-frequency fluctuations in BOLD signals.
The Contribution of Different Cortical Regions to the Control of Spatially Decoupled Eye-Hand Coordination.
Major Thought Restructuring: The Roles of Different Prefrontal Cortical Regions.
Distinct Frontoparietal Networks Underlying Attentional Effort and Cognitive Control.
Multimodal Imaging Evidence for a Frontoparietal Modulation of Visual Cortex during the Selective Processing of Conditioned Threat.
Multiband multi-echo imaging of simultaneous oxygenation and flow timeseries for resting state connectivity.
Developmental phonagnosia: Linking neural mechanisms with the behavioural phenotype.
High-sensitivity TMS/fMRI of the Human Motor Cortex Using a Dedicated Multichannel MR Coil.
Human ventromedial prefrontal cortex and the positive affective processing of safety signals.
Chemosensory danger detection in the human brain: Body odor communicating aggression modulates limbic system activation.
Functional connectivity between prefrontal and parietal cortex drives visuo-spatial attention shifts.
Brain White Matter Impairment in Patients with Spinal Cord Injury
Impairments in Brain Perfusion, Metabolites, Functional Connectivity, and Cognition in Severe Asymptomatic Carotid Stenosis Patients: An Integrated MRI Study
Cross-cultural differences in the neural correlates of specific and general recognition.
Regional homogeneity, resting-state functional connectivity and amplitude of low frequency fluctuation associated with creativity measured by divergent thinking in a sex-specific manner.
Influence of single-dose quetiapine on fear network activity – A pharmaco-imaging study
Different activity patterns for action and language within their shared neural areas: An fMRI study on action observation and language phonology.
The interaction of emotion and pain in the insula and secondary somatosensory cortex
GABRB1 Single Nucleotide Polymorphism Associated with Altered Brain Responses (but not Performance) during Measures of Impulsivity and Reward Sensitivity in Human Adolescents.
Neurodevelopmental changes across adolescence in viewing and labeling dynamic peer emotions
Depression alters maternal extended amygdala response and functional connectivity during distress signals in attachment relationship.
Voxel-based mapping of grey matter volume and glucose metabolism profiles in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis
Effects of naltrexone are influenced by childhood adversity during negative emotional processing in addiction recovery
A direct comparison of appetitive and aversive anticipation: Overlapping and distinct neural activation.
Prospective relations between resting-state connectivity of parietal subdivisions and arithmetic competence
Does Chronic Tinnitus Alter the Emotional Response Function of the Amygdala?: A Sound-Evoked fMRI Study
Global white matter microstructural abnormalities associated with addiction liability score in drug naïve youth.
Emotional anticipation after delivery – a longitudinal neuroimaging study of the postpartum period
Trait self-consciousness predicts amygdala activation and its functional brain connectivity during emotional suppression: an fMRI analysis
Polygenic risk for five psychiatric disorders and cross-disorder and disorder-specific neural connectivity in two independent populations.
Neural correlates of conflict between gestures and words: A domain-specific role for a temporal-parietal complex
Potentiation of motor sub-networks for motor control but not working memory: Interaction of dACC and SMA revealed by resting-state directed functional connectivity.
Small rodents as paratenic or intermediate hosts of carnivore parasites in Berlin, Germany
Cortical thickness reduction in combat exposed U.S. veterans with and without PTSD.
The Effects of Acupuncture Stimulation for Brain Activation and Alcohol Abstinence Self-Efficacy: Functional MRI Study
Cognitive control, attention, and the other race effect in memory.
Neural underpinnings of prosexual effects induced by gamma-hydroxybutyrate in healthy male humans.
Sensory over-responsivity and social cognition in ASD: Effects of aversive sensory stimuli and attentional modulation on neural responses to social cues
Interactions between the anterior cingulate-insula network and the fronto-parietal network during perceptual decision-making.
The neural and behavioral correlates of social evaluation in childhood
Self-referential processing in unipolar depression: Distinct roles of subregions of the medial prefrontal cortex.
Development of rostral inferior parietal lobule area functional connectivity from late childhood to early adulthood
Neural Networks for Time Perception and Working Memory.
Similarities and differences of functional connectivity in drug-naïve, first-episode adolescent and young adult with major depressive disorder and schizophrenia
Dynamic neural architecture for social knowledge retrieval.
Predicting the knowledge-recklessness distinction in the human brain.
Task Performance Modulates Functional Connectivity Involving the Dorsolateral Prefrontal Cortex in Patients with Schizophrenia
Brain MRI data in Chinese dyslexic children performing an auditory rhyming judgment task
Audio-visual speech perception in adult readers with dyslexia: an fMRI study.
Brain functional connectivity in lung cancer population: an exploratory study.
Noradrenaline transporter blockade increases fronto-parietal functional connectivity relevant for working memory.
Social-cognitive brain function and connectivity during visual perspective-taking in autism and schizophrenia.
Microstructural white matter alterations in preclinical Alzheimer’s disease detected using free water elimination diffusion tensor imaging
Prefrontal and parietal correlates of cognitive control related to the adult outcome of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder diagnosed in childhood.
Hypoconnectivity of Resting-State Networks in Persons with Aphasia Compared with Healthy Age-Matched Adults.
Neurophysiological and BOLD signal uncoupling of giant somatosensory evoked potentials in progressive myoclonic epilepsy: a case-series study
Frequency and Chunking in Derived Words: A Parametric fMRI Study.
Attention to Distinct Goal-relevant Features Differentially Guides Semantic Knowledge Retrieval.
Where Is the Beat? The Neural Correlates of Lexical Stress and Rhythmical Well-formedness in Auditory Story Comprehension.
Cortical Networks Involved in Memory for Temporal Order.
Entrepreneurial and parental love—are they the same?
Sensorimotor Cortical Neuroplasticity in the Early Stage of Bell's Palsy
Sliding-window analysis tracks fluctuations in amygdala functional connectivity associated with physiological arousal and vigilance during fear conditioning.
Painful After-Sensations in Fibromyalgia are Linked to Catastrophizing and Differences in Brain Response in the Medial Temporal Lobe
Reduced Regional Grey Matter Volumes in Pediatric Obstructive Sleep Apnea
How does the body representation system develop in the human brain?
Altered functional connectivity in brain networks underlying self-referential processing in delusions of reference in schizophrenia
Distinct Functional Connectivities Predict Clinical Response with Emotion Regulation Therapy
Parietal operculum and motor cortex activities predict motor recovery in moderate to severe stroke.
False memory for context and true memory for context similarly activate the parahippocampal cortex
Usefulness of diffusion-tensor MRI in the diagnosis of Parkinson variant of multiple system atrophy and Parkinson's disease: a valuable tool to differentiate between them?
Effects of subclinical depression, anxiety and somatization on brain structure in healthy subjects.
Specific cerebral perfusion patterns in three schizophrenia symptom dimensions.
Working Memory Load Strengthens Reward Prediction Errors.
Brain Activity during Mental Imagery of Gait Versus Gait-Like Plantar Stimulation: A Novel Combined Functional MRI Paradigm to Better Understand Cerebral Gait Control.
Disrupted functional connectivity of periaqueductal gray subregions in episodic migraine
It's in the eye of the beholder: selective attention to drink properties during tasting influences brain activation in gustatory and reward regions.
White matter maturation is associated with the emergence of Theory of Mind in early childhood
Hormone therapy at early post-menopause increases cognitive control-related prefrontal activity
Neural foundations of overt and covert actions
Imagining the future: The core episodic simulation network dissociates as a function of timecourse and the amount of simulated information
Correlates of Social Exclusion in Social Anxiety Disorder: An fMRI study
Enhancing Effects of NMDA-Receptor Blockade on Extinction Learning and Related Brain Activation Are Modulated by BMI
Subcortical Shape Changes, Hippocampal Atrophy and Cortical Thinning in Future Alzheimer's Disease Patients
Differences on Brain Connectivity in Adulthood Are Present in Subjects with Iron Deficiency Anemia in Infancy
The neural correlates of childhood maltreatment and the ability to understand mental states of others
Brain structure differences among male schizophrenic patients with history of serious violent acts: an MRI voxel-based morphometric study
Altered resting-state hippocampal functional networks associated with chemotherapy-induced prospective memory impairment in breast cancer survivors
Altered functional brain connectivity in patients with visually induced dizziness.
Anatomical brain difference of subthreshold depression in young and middle-aged individuals
Differential effects of face-realism and emotion on event-related brain potentials and their implications for the uncanny valley theory
Long‐term white matter tract reorganization following prolonged febrile seizures
What Role Does "Elongation" Play in "Tool-Specific" Activation and Connectivity in the Dorsal and Ventral Visual Streams?
What's Behind a "+" Sign? Perceiving an Arithmetic Operator Recruits Brain Circuits for Spatial Orienting.
Mirroring the Social Aspects of Speech and Actions: The Role of the Insula.
Vocal Tract Images Reveal Neural Representations of Sensorimotor Transformation During Speech Imitation
Altered spontaneous brain activity in chronic smokers revealed by fractional ramplitude of low-frequency fluctuation analysis: a preliminary study
Corrigendum: Brain networks of perceptual decision-making: an fMRI ALE meta-analysis
Lack of Evidence That Neural Empathic Responses Are Blunted in Excessive Users of Violent Video Games: An fMRI Study
Damage to white matter bottlenecks contributes to language impairments after left hemispheric stroke.
Neurological evidence for the role of construal level in future-directed thought
Brain mechanisms for loss of awareness of thought and movement
Empathy for pain motivates actions without altruistic effects: evidence of motor dynamics and brain activity
Brains in dialogue: decoding neural preparation of speaking to a conversational partner.
Sensitivity to perception level differentiates two subnetworks within the mirror neuron system.
‘Mom—I don’t want to hear it’: Brain response to maternal praise and criticism in adolescents with major depressive disorder
Tribal love: the neural correlates of passionate engagement in football fans
Washing away your sins in the brain: physical cleaning and priming of cleaning recruit different brain networks after moral threat
Violent offenders respond to provocations with high amygdala and striatal reactivity
Salience network engagement with the detection of morally laden information
The role of cognitive reappraisal in placebo analgesia: an fMRI study
Higher order intentionality tasks are cognitively more demanding.
Structural correlates of creative thinking in patients with bipolar disorder and healthy controls-a voxel-based morphometry study.
The left intraparietal sulcus adapts to symbolic number in both the visual and auditory modalities: Evidence from fMRI.
APOE Genotype Effects on Intrinsic Brain Network Connectivity in Patients with Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment
Real‐time fMRI neurofeedback in adolescents with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder
Not in one metric: Neuroticism modulates different resting state metrics within distinctive brain regions
Evidence for similar patterns of neural activity elicited by picture- and word-based representations of natural scenes
Trait-based food-cravings are encoded by regional homogeneity in the parahippocampal gyrus
Functional Brain Activation in Response to a Clinical Vestibular Test Correlates with Balance.
Dynamic Changes in Amygdala Psychophysiological Connectivity Reveal Distinct Neural Networks for Facial Expressions of Basic Emotions
Is there a relation between novelty seeking, striatal dopamine release and frontal cortical thickness?
Combination of volume and perfusion parameters reveals different types of grey matter changes in schizophrenia
Intrinsic Brain Activity Responsible for Sex Differences in Shyness and Social Anxiety.
Radiation-induced abnormal cortical thickness in patients with nasopharyngeal carcinoma after radiotherapy.
Cerebello-thalamo-cortical networks predict positive symptom progression in individuals at ultra-high risk for psychosis
The Dorsal Medial Prefrontal Cortex Is Recruited by High Construal of Non-social Stimuli.
Cognitive Control Modulates Effects of Episodic Simulation on Delay Discounting in Aging
Abnormal brain structure implicated in patients with functional dyspepsia.
Brain activity in the right-frontal pole and lateral occipital cortex predicts successful post-operatory outcome after surgery for anterior glenoumeral instability
The relationship between microstructural alterations of the brain and clinical measurements in children and adolescents with hair pulling disorder.
Emotional intelligence moderates the relationship between regional gray matter volume in the bilateral temporal pole and critical thinking disposition.
The cerebellum in dual-task performance in Parkinson’s disease
Visual deprivation selectively reshapes the intrinsic functional architecture of the anterior insula subregions
Neural correlates of emotional inhibitory control in autism spectrum disorders
The BDNF Val(66)Met polymorphism is associated with structural neuroanatomical differences in young children.
Activation and Functional Connectivity of the Left Inferior Temporal Gyrus during Visual Speech Priming in Healthy Listeners and Listeners with Schizophrenia.
3T hippocampal glutamate-glutamine complex reflects verbal memory decline in aging.
Brain activity associated with selective attention, divided attention and distraction.
When math operations have visuospatial meanings versus purely symbolic definitions: Which solving stages and brain regions are affected?
Impaired engagement of the ventral attention system in neurofibromatosis type 1.
Fear Spreading Across Senses: Visual Emotional Events Alter Cortical Responses to Touch, Audition, and Vision
A Direct Demonstration of Functional Differences between Subdivisions of Human V5/MT+
Functional magnetic resonance imaging investigation of brain regions associated with astringency.
Elucidating the aberrant brain regions in bipolar disorder using T1-weighted/T2-weighted magnetic resonance ratio images.
Changes in Cortical Activation Patterns in Language Areas following an Aerobic Exercise Intervention in Older Adults
Systematic Comparison of Brain Imaging Meta-Analyses of ToM with vPT
Shared microstructural features of behavioral and substance addictions revealed in areas of crossing fibers.
Bilateral Rolandic operculum processing underlying heartbeat awareness reflects changes in bodily self-consciousness.
Contextual effects on cognitive control and BOLD activation in single versus mixed saccade tasks.
Imaging decision about whether to benefit self by harming others: Adolescents with conduct and substance problems, with or without callous-unemotionality, or developing typically.
Clinical correlates of hippocampus volume and shape in antipsychotic-naïve schizophrenia.
Does Functional Connectivity Provide a Marker for Cognitive Rehabilitation Effects in Alzheimer’s Disease? An Interventional Study
Neural activation during cognitive reappraisal in girls at high risk for depression
Strategic Motives Drive Proposers to Offer Fairly in Ultimatum Games: An fMRI Study
Adolescents with Developmental Dyscalculia Do Not Have a Generalized Magnitude Deficit - Processing of Discrete and Continuous Magnitudes.
A neural network underlying intentional emotional facial expression in neurodegenerative disease.
The Basolateral Amygdalae and Frontotemporal Network Functions for Threat Perception
Modafinil enhances alerting-related brain activity in attention networks.
Corticolimbic hyper-response to emotion and glutamatergic function in people with high schizotypy: a multimodal fMRI-MRS study
Voxel-based analysis of diffusion tensor imaging in patients with mesial temporal lobe epilepsy
Neurophysiological capacity in a working memory task differentiates dependent from nondependent heavy drinkers and controls
Extrastriatal dopamine D2-receptor availability in social anxiety disorder.
Task difficulty modulates brain activation in the emotional oddball task.
Short- and long-range functional connectivity density alterations in adolescents with pure conduct disorder at resting-state
Latent and Abnormal Functional Connectivity Circuits in Autism Spectrum Disorder.
The Rewarding Effect of Pictures with Positive Emotional Connotation upon Perception and Processing of Pleasant Odors—An FMRI Study
Gray matter volume changes in chronic subcortical stroke: A cross-sectional study.
Subtle hippocampal deformities in breast cancer survivors with reduced episodic memory and self-reported cognitive concerns.
Neurocultural evidence that ideal affect match promotes giving
Reduced left precentral regional responses in patients with major depressive disorder and history of suicide attempts
Amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations in first-episode, drug-naive depressive patients: A 5-year retrospective study.
White matter microstructure in children with autistic traits.
Brain responses to biological motion predict treatment outcome in young adults with autism receiving Virtual Reality Social Cognition Training: Preliminary findings
Readers select a comprehension mode independent of pronoun: Evidence from fMRI during narrative comprehension.
The structural and functional correlates of the efficiency in fearful face detection.
Effects of risk for bipolar disorder on brain function: A twin and family study.
Don't worry, be happy - Neural correlates of the influence of musically induced mood on self-evaluation.
Intrinsic functional connectivity of the central nucleus of the amygdala and bed nucleus of the stria terminalis
Dynamic abnormalities of spontaneous brain activity in women with primary dysmenorrhea
Activation in Context: Differential Conclusions Drawn from Cross-Sectional and Longitudinal Analyses of Adolescents' Cognitive Control-Related Neural Activity.
Comparative functional neuroanatomy between implicit and explicit memory tasks under negative emotional condition in schizophrenia
Neural evidence for the intrinsic value of action as motivation for behavior
Regional Gray Matter Volume Is Associated with Restrained Eating in Healthy Chinese Young Adults: Evidence from Voxel-Based Morphometry
Frequency Specific Effects of ApoE ε4 Allele on Resting-State Networks in Nondemented Elders
Structural Alterations within Cerebellar Circuitry Are Associated with General Liability for Common Mental Disorders
Social anxiety disorder exhibit impaired networks involved in self and theory of mind processing
Electrical stimulation reduces smokers’ craving by modulating the coupling between dorsal lateral prefrontal cortex and parahippocampal gyrus
Putting race in context: social class modulates processing of race in the ventromedial prefrontal cortex and amygdala.
Avoiding boredom: Caudate and insula activity reflects boredom-elicited purchase bias.
Convergence of semantics and emotional expression within the IFG pars orbitalis.
You talkin' to me? Communicative talker gaze activates left-lateralized superior temporal cortex during perception of degraded speech.
Parent-child intervention decreases stress and increases maternal brain activity and connectivity during own baby-cry: An exploratory study.
Influence of parental care on offspring hippocampal volume in young adults varies as a function of overprotection
The neural basis of emotions varies over time: different regions go with onset- and offset-bound processes underlying emotion intensity
Social identity shapes social valuation: evidence from prosocial behavior and vicarious reward
The effect of constraining eye-contact during dynamic emotional face perception—an fMRI study
Positive affect predicts cerebral glucose metabolism in late middle-aged adults
Impulsive-antisocial psychopathic traits linked to increased volume and functional connectivity within prefrontal cortex
Neural correlates of emotion acceptance vs worry or suppression in generalized anxiety disorder.
Hard to look on the bright side: neural correlates of impaired emotion regulation in depressed youth
Altered cortical and subcortical connectivity due to infrasound administered near the hearing threshold - Evidence from fMRI.
The brain anatomy of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder in young adults – a magnetic resonance imaging study
Dissociable patterns of brain activity for mentalizing about known others: a role for attachment
Transdiagnostic differences in the resting-state functional connectivity of the prefrontal cortex in depression and schizophrenia.
Thalamocortical connectivity in major depressive disorder.
Active Avoidance: Neural Mechanisms and Attenuation of Pavlovian Conditioned Responding.
Social Interaction Affects Neural Outcomes of Sign Language Learning As a Foreign Language in Adults.
Novel behavioral indicator of explicit awareness reveals temporal course of frontoparietal neural network facilitation during motor learning
Neural Correlates of Semantic Prediction and Resolution in Sentence Processing
Anatomical distance affects cortical-subcortical connectivity in first-episode, drug-naive somatization disorder.
Development of sensitivity versus specificity for print in the visual word form area.
Difference in neural response to social exclusion observation and subsequent altruism between adolescents and adults.
Addressing the selective role of distinct prefrontal areas in response suppression: A study with brain tumor patients
Electroconvulsive therapy changes the regional resting state function measured by regional homogeneity (ReHo) and amplitude of low frequency fluctuations (ALFF) in elderly major depressive disorder pa
Basic taste processing recruits bilateral anteroventral and middle dorsal insulae: An activation likelihood estimation meta‐analysis of fMRI studies
Neural evidence for phonologically based language production deficits in older adults: An fMRI investigation of age‐related differences in picture‐word interference
Dissociable neural processes during risky decision-making in individuals with Internet-gaming disorder.
Family history and APOE4 risk for Alzheimer's disease impact the neural correlates of episodic memory by early midlife
Mothers Who Were Neglected in Childhood Show Differences in Neural Response to Their Infant's Cry.
The metabolic basis of cognitive insight in psychosis: A positron emission tomography study
Sensorimotor-independent development of hands and tools selectivity in the visual cortex
Treatment effect of methylphenidate on intrinsic functional brain network in medication-naive ADHD children: A multivariate analysis.
Greater cerebellar gray matter volume in car drivers: an exploratory voxel-based morphometry study
An emergent functional parcellation of the temporal cortex.
Examining gray matter structure associated with academic performance in a large sample of Chinese high school students
Shared Neural Mechanisms for the Prediction of Own and Partner Musical Sequences after Short-term Piano Duet Training
Multi-modal, Multi-measure, and Multi-class Discrimination of ADHD with Hierarchical Feature Extraction and Extreme Learning Machine Using Structural and Functional Brain MRI.
Resting State fMRI Reveals Increased Subthalamic Nucleus and Sensorimotor Cortex Connectivity in Patients with Parkinson’s Disease under Medication
Mapping Dorsal and Ventral Caudate in Older Adults: Method and Validation
Reactivation or transformation? Motor memory consolidation associated with cerebral activation time-locked to sleep spindles.
Sensory cortical response to uncertainty and low salience during recognition of affective cues in musical intervals.
Trait impulsivity components correlate differently with proactive and reactive control.
Working Memory after Traumatic Brain Injury: The Neural Basis of Improved Performance with Methylphenidate.
White Matter Integrity and Treatment-Based Change in Speech Performance in Minimally Verbal Children with Autism Spectrum Disorder.
Modafinil-Induced Changes in Functional Connectivity in the Cortex and Cerebellum of Healthy Elderly Subjects
The Neural Basis of Speech Perception through Lipreading and Manual Cues: Evidence from Deaf Native Users of Cued Speech
The Role of the Left Anterior Temporal Lobe for Unpredictable and Complex Mappings in Word Reading
Positron emission tomography assessment of cerebral glucose metabolic rates in autism spectrum disorder and schizophrenia.
Gray matter and white matter changes in non-demented amyotrophic lateral sclerosis patients with or without cognitive impairment: A combined voxel-based morphometry and tract-based spatial statistics whole-brain analysis.
Comparing and Validating Methods of Reading Instruction Using Behavioural and Neural Findings in an Artificial Orthography
Multi-center machine learning in imaging psychiatry: A meta-model approach.
Neural mechanisms of risky decision making in adolescents reporting frequent alcohol and/or marijuana use.
Distractor-resistant Short-Term Memory Is Supported by Transient Changes in Neural Stimulus Representations.
Syntactic Complexity and Frequency in the Neurocognitive Language System.
Patterns of brain and cardiovascular activation while solving rule-discovery and rule-application numeric tasks.
Decreased hemispheric connectivity and decreased intra- and inter- hemisphere asymmetry of resting state functional network connectivity in schizophrenia.
Comparison of neural substrates of temporal discounting between youth with autism spectrum disorder and with obsessive-compulsive disorder
How does first language (L1) influence second language (L2) reading in the brain? Evidence from Korean-English and Chinese-English bilinguals.
The relationship between maternal education and the neural substrates of phoneme perception in children: Interactions between socioeconomic status and proficiency level.
White matter microstructural abnormalities and their association with anticipatory anhedonia in depression.
Altered gray and white matter microstructure in Cushing's disease: A diffusional kurtosis imaging study.
Effective connectivity gateways to the Theory of Mind network in processing communicative intention.
Neural Mechanisms of Cognitive Dissonance (Revised): An EEG Study
Brain networks for confidence weighting and hierarchical inference during probabilistic learning.
Auditory, Visual and Audiovisual Speech Processing Streams in Superior Temporal Sulcus.
The angular gyrus is a supramodal comparator area in action-outcome monitoring.
15q11.2 CNV affects cognitive, structural and functional correlates of dyslexia and dyscalculia
Short-term Internet search using makes people rely on search engines when facing unknown issues
How embarrassing! The behavioral and neural correlates of processing social norm violations.
Functional hyperconnectivity vanishes in children with developmental dyscalculia after numerical intervention.
The effect of regulatory mode on procrastination: Bi-stable parahippocampus connectivity with dorsal anterior cingulate and anterior prefrontal cortex.
Meta-analytic investigations of common and distinct grey matter alterations in youths and adults with obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Effects of low frequency rTMS treatment on brain networks for inner speech in patients with schizophrenia and auditory verbal hallucinations
Age-Related Reversals in Neural Recruitment across Memory Retrieval Phases.
The Lateral Occipito-temporal Cortex Is Involved in the Mental Manipulation of Body Part Imagery
Interictal abnormal fMRI activation of visual areas during a motor task cued by visual stimuli in migraine
Resting-state functional connectivity of the amygdala in suicide attempters with major depressive disorder
Neural correlates of evoked phantom limb sensations.
Spontaneous migraine attack causes alterations in default mode network connectivity: a resting-state fMRI case report
Neuroanatomical variations as a function of experience in a complex daily task: A VBM and DTI study on driving experience.
The iconography of mourning and its neural correlates: a functional neuroimaging study
Effects of emotional valence and arousal on the voice perception network
Neural dynamics underlying varying attentional control facing invariant cognitive task upon invariant stimuli
Individual Differences in Human Path Integration Abilities Correlate with Gray Matter Volume in Retrosplenial Cortex, Hippocampus, and Medial Prefrontal Cortex
Cortical thickness reductions associate with abnormal resting-state functional connectivity in non-neuropsychiatric systemic lupus erythematosus.
Conflict-related dorsomedial frontal cortex activation during healthy food decisions is associated with increased cravings for high-fat foods.
Heightened brain response to pain anticipation in high-functioning adults with autism spectrum disorder.
Altered resting-state intra- and inter- network functional connectivity in patients with persistent somatoform pain disorder.
Visual integration enhances associative memory equally for young and older adults without reducing hippocampal encoding activation.
Altered segregation between task-positive and task-negative regions in mild traumatic brain injury.
Robust and fast nonlinear optimization of diffusion MRI microstructure models.
Impaired prefrontal cognitive control over interference by food images in binge-eating disorder and bulimia nervosa.
Cognitive performance is associated with gray matter decline in first-episode psychosis.
Altered fractional amplitude of low frequency fluctuation in premenstrual syndrome: A resting state fMRI study.
The attribution of animacy and agency in frontotemporal dementia versus Alzheimer's disease.
Group Cognitive Behavior Therapy Reversed Insula Subregions Functional Connectivity in Asthmatic Patients
Resting-state functional connectivity between right anterior insula and right orbital frontal cortex correlate with insight level in obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Magnetization transfer imaging identifies basal ganglia abnormalities in adult ADHD that are invisible to conventional T1 weighted voxel-based morphometry
Mirror neuron activation of musicians and non-musicians in response to motion captured piano performances.
Abnormal functional connectivity within resting-state networks is related to rTMS-based therapy effects of treatment resistant depression: A pilot study.
Recovery of orthographic processing after stroke: A longitudinal fMRI study.
Using short-range and long-range functional connectivity to identify schizophrenia with a family-based case-control design.
Patient-specific core decompression surgery for early-stage ischemic necrosis of the femoral head
Limbic grey matter changes in early Parkinson's disease
High-sensitivity neuroimaging biomarkers for the identification of amnestic mild cognitive impairment based on resting-state fMRI and a triple network model.
The search for the number form area: A functional neuroimaging meta-analysis.
A Pilot Study on Brain Plasticity of Functional Connectivity Modulated by Cognitive Training in Mild Alzheimer’s Disease and Mild Cognitive Impairment
Neural plasticity in amplitude of low frequency fluctuation, cortical hub construction, regional homogeneity resulting from working memory training
Diminished Posterior Precuneus Connectivity with the Default Mode Network Differentiates Normal Aging from Alzheimer's Disease
Intrinsic functional organization of putative language networks in the brain following left cerebral hemispherectomy.
Distinct Hippocampal versus Frontoparietal Network Contributions to Retrieval and Memory-guided Exploration.
Multiple Neuroimaging Measures for Examining Exercise-induced Neuroplasticity in Older Adults: A Quasi-experimental Study
Priming the Secure Attachment Schema Affects the Emotional Face Processing Bias in Attachment Anxiety: An fMRI Research
Brain activation upon ideal-body media exposure and peer feedback in late adolescent girls.
Abnormal neural activity as a potential biomarker for drug-naive first-episode adolescent-onset schizophrenia with coherence regional homogeneity and support vector machine analyses.
Modality-independent encoding of individual concepts in the left parietal cortex.
Neural correlates of autobiographical problem-solving deficits associated with rumination in depression.
Detecting cognitive impairment at the early stages: The challenge of first line assessment.
Contribution of fronto-striatal regions to emotional valence and repetition under cognitive conflict.
Brain networks of social action-outcome contingency: The role of the ventral striatum in integrating signals from the sensory cortex and medial prefrontal cortex.
Neurofunctional correlates of behavioral inhibition system sensitivity during attentional control are modulated by perceptual load.
Anhedonia correlates with abnormal functional connectivity of the superior temporal gyrus and the caudate nucleus in patients with first-episode drug-naive major depressive disorder.
A resting-state fMRI study in borderline personality disorder combining amplitude of low frequency fluctuation, regional homogeneity and seed based functional connectivity.
Using guitar learning to probe the Action Observation Network's response to visuomotor familiarity.
Reduced intrinsic visual cortical connectivity is associated with impaired perceptual closure in schizophrenia.
Changes in brain activation during sedation induced by dexmedetomidine
Cortical brain volume abnormalities associated with few or multiple neuropsychiatric symptoms in Alzheimer's disease.
Emotional arousal impairs association-memory: Roles of amygdala and hippocampus.
A Neural Mechanism of Social Categorization.
The Integrity of the Corpus Callosum Mitigates the Impact of Blood Pressure on the Ventral Attention Network and Information Processing Speed in Healthy Adults
To Resolve or Not To Resolve, that Is the Question: The Dual-Path Model of Incongruity Resolution and Absurd Verbal Humor by fMRI
An fMRI study into emotional processing in Parkinson's disease: Does increased medial prefrontal activation compensate for striatal dysfunction?
Cerebrovascular reactivity measured by functional magnetic resonance imaging during breath-hold challenge: A systematic review.
Changes in intrinsic functional connectivity and group relevant salience: The case of sport rivalry.
Striatal reward sensitivity predicts therapy-related neural changes in alcohol addiction.
Neural Efficiency of Athletes' Brain during Visuo-Spatial Task: An fMRI Study on Table Tennis Players.
Dorsolateral prefrontal cortex contributes to the impaired behavioral adaptation in alcohol dependence.
Assessing the greenhouse gas emissions of Brazilian soybean biodiesel production
Structural brain abnormalities in patients with type I bipolar disorder and suicidal behavior.
The neural correlates of theory of mind and their role during empathy and the game of chess: A functional magnetic resonance imaging study
The dynamic programming high-order Dynamic Bayesian Networks learning for identifying effective connectivity in human brain from fMRI.
Mental arithmetic in the bilingual brain: Language matters
Veridical stimulus localization is linked to human area V5/MT+ activity.
Duration of motherhood has incremental effects on mothers’ neural processing of infant vocal cues: a neuroimaging study of women
The Effect of Wealth Shocks on Loss Aversion: Behavior and Neural Correlates.
GABA Concentrations in the Anterior Cingulate Cortex Are Associated with Fear Network Function and Fear Recovery in Humans.
Patterns of response to scrambled scenes reveal the importance of visual properties in the organization of scene-selective cortex.
Influence of response bias and internal/external source on lateral posterior parietal successful retrieval activity.
Prefrontal and amygdala engagement during emotional reactivity and regulation in generalized anxiety disorder.
Brain Gray Matter Atrophy after Spinal Cord Injury: A Voxel-Based Morphometry Study.
Neural Correlates of Reward Processing in Typical and Atypical Development
Neural correlates of visuomotor adjustments during scaling of human finger movements.
Mindfulness meditation regulates anterior insula activity during empathy for social pain.
The Value of Sharing Information: A Neural Account of Information Transmission.
A predictive coding account of bistable perception - a model-based fMRI study
Brain activation of semantic category-based grouping in multiple identity tracking task.
Potential reward reduces the adverse impact of negative distractor stimuli
Pilot test of a novel food response and attention training treatment for obesity: Brain imaging data suggest actions shape valuation
Voxel-wise correlations between cognition and cerebral blood flow using arterial spin-labeled perfusion MRI in patients with Alzheimer’s disease: a cross-sectional study
Unreliability of putative fMRI biomarkers during emotional face processing.
Diverging volumetric trajectories following pediatric traumatic brain injury
Molecular imaging of serotonin degeneration in mild cognitive impairment
Long-Time Exposure to Violent Video Games Does Not Show Desensitization on Empathy for Pain: An fMRI Study
Differential Fairness Decisions and Brain Responses After Expressed Emotions of Others in Boys with Autism Spectrum Disorders.
Whole brain volume changes and its correlation with clinical symptom severity in patients with schizophrenia: A DARTEL-based VBM study
Computing the Social Brain Connectome Across Systems and States.
Cognitive avoidance and aversive cues related to tobacco in male smokers
Functional connectivity in incarcerated male adolescents with psychopathic traits.
The influence of emotional interference on cognitive control: A meta-analysis of neuroimaging studies using the emotional Stroop task
Sources of Phoneme Errors in Repetition: Perseverative, Neologistic, and Lesion Patterns in Jargon Aphasia
Altered Functional Connectivity of the Basal Nucleus of Meynert in Mild Cognitive Impairment: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Complex regional pain syndrome: The matter of white matter?
Foresight beats hindsight: The neural correlates underlying motor preparation in the pro‐/anti‐cue paradigm
A meta‐analysis of functional magnetic resonance imaging studies of eye movements and visual word reading
Strategy‐based reasoning training modulates cortical thickness and resting‐state functional connectivity in adults with chronic traumatic brain injury†
Male‐to‐female gender dysphoria: Gender‐specific differences in resting‐state networks
Assessing the Psychedelic “After-Glow” in Ayahuasca Users: Post-Acute Neurometabolic and Functional Connectivity Changes Are Associated with Enhanced Mindfulness Capacities
Functional network connectivity predicts treatment outcome during treatment of nicotine use disorder.
Evidence for cortical structural plasticity in humans after a day of waking and sleep deprivation.
Reduced amygdala reactivity and impaired working memory during dissociation in borderline personality disorder.
Effects of contextual relevance on pragmatic inference during conversation: An fMRI study.
Voluntary wheel running ameliorates depression-like behaviors and brain blood oxygen level-dependent signals in chronic unpredictable mild stress mice.
Neural correlates of believing
Neural processes underlying cultural differences in cognitive persistence.
Neural substrates of male parochial altruism are modulated by testosterone and behavioral strategy.
Audiovisual speech integration in the superior temporal region is dysfunctional in dyslexia
The temporal and spatial brain dynamics of automatic emotion regulation in children.
Changes in resting state functional brain connectivity and withdrawal symptoms are associated with acute electronic cigarette use
APOE moderates compensatory recruitment of neuronal resources during working memory processing in healthy older adults.
Local-to-remote cortical connectivity in amnestic mild cognitive impairment.
Independent contributions of fMRI familiarity and novelty effects to recognition memory and their stability across the adult lifespan.
Inhibitory rTMS of secondary somatosensory cortex reduces intensity but not pleasantness of gentle touch.
A Comparative Study of Average, Linked Mastoid, and REST References for ERP Components Acquired during fMRI.
Symptom-specific amygdala hyperactivity modulates motor control network in conversion disorder.
Shared and disorder-specific task-positive and default mode network dysfunctions during sustained attention in paediatric Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder and obsessive/compulsive disorder.
Where arithmetic and phonology meet: The meta-analytic convergence of arithmetic and phonological processing in the brain
Behavioral and neural correlates to multisensory detection of sick humans.
Vortioxetine reduces BOLD signal during performance of the N-back working memory task: a randomised neuroimaging trial in remitted depressed patients and healthy controls
The effectiveness of the computerized visual perceptual training program on individuals with Down syndrome: An fMRI study
Altered thalamo-cortical resting state functional connectivity in smokers.
Subjectivity of the Anomalous Sense of Self Is Represented in Gray Matter Volume in the Brain.
Differential Recruitment of Parietal Cortex during Spatial and Non-spatial Reach Planning.
Aging Modulates the Hemispheric Specialization during Word Production
Dissociating Effects of Scrambling and Topicalization within the Left Frontal and Temporal Language Areas: An fMRI Study in Kaqchikel Maya
Rapid short-term reorganization in the language network
Trait Rumination Influences Neural Correlates of the Anticipation but Not the Consumption Phase of Reward Processing.
Multiple Neural Networks Malfunction in Primary Blepharospasm: An Independent Components Analysis.
The impact of personal relevance on emotion processing: evidence from event-related potentials and pupillary responses
Using stochastic language models (SLM) to map lexical, syntactic, and phonological information processing in the brain.
The experience of beauty derived from sorrow
Behavioural and neural evidence for the impact of fluency context on conscious memory.
Longitudinal associations among family environment, neural cognitive control, and social competence among adolescents.
12h abstinence-induced right anterior insula network pattern changes in young smokers.
Depression in patients with SAPHO syndrome and its relationship with brain activity and connectivity
Altered brain function in new onset childhood acute lymphoblastic leukemia before chemotherapy: A resting-state fMRI study
Right Lateral Cerebellum Represents Linguistic Predictability.
Frontal and subcortical grey matter reductions in PTSD.
Microstructural alterations of white matter in juvenile myoclonic epilepsy
Body mass is positively associated with neural response to sweet taste, but not alcohol, among drinkers.
Effect of PICALM rs3851179 polymorphism on the default mode network function in mild cognitive impairment.
Cortico-amygdalar maturational coupling is associated with depressive symptom trajectories during adolescence.
The neural correlates of reciprocity are sensitive to prior experience of reciprocity.
Decreased medial prefrontal cortex activation during self-referential processing in bipolar mania.
Large-scale functional neural network correlates of response inhibition: an fMRI meta-analysis
From Thirst to Satiety: The Anterior Mid-Cingulate Cortex and Right Posterior Insula Indicate Dynamic Changes in Incentive Value.
Electrocorticography of Spatial Shifting and Attentional Selection in Human Superior Parietal Cortex
Resting-State fMRI Associated with Stop-Signal Task Performance in Healthy Middle-Aged and Elderly People
The neural basis of deficient response inhibition in children with neurofibromatosis type 1: Evidence from a functional MRI study.
Threat of shock increases excitability and connectivity of the intraparietal sulcus
Functional MRI examination of empathy for pain in people with schizophrenia reveals abnormal activation related to cognitive perspective-taking but typical activation linked to affective sharing
PCLO rs2522833-mediated gray matter volume reduction in patients with drug-naive, first-episode major depressive disorder
Consistent Neural Activity Patterns Represent Personally Familiar People.
Structural and functional correlates of serum soluble IL-6 receptor level in patients with bipolar disorder.
Reward anticipation revisited- evidence from an fMRI study in euthymic bipolar I patients and healthy first-degree relatives.
Occipital, parietal, and frontal cortices selectively maintain task-relevant features of multi-feature objects in visual working memory.
Hope and the brain: Trait hope mediates the protective role of medial orbitofrontal cortex spontaneous activity against anxiety.
Spatio-temporal TGV denoising for ASL perfusion imaging.
Parallel Regulation of Memory and Emotion Supports the Suppression of Intrusive Memories.
Sex differences in the clinical characteristics and brain gray matter volume alterations in unmedicated patients with major depressive disorder
Aberrant Insula-Centered Functional Connectivity in Psychogenic Erectile Dysfunction Patients: A Resting-State fMRI Study.
Altered Functional Connectivity of Cognitive-Related Cerebellar Subregions in Alzheimer’s Disease
Children with cerebral palsy have altered oscillatory activity in the motor and visual cortices during a knee motor task
Application of calibrated fMRI in Alzheimer's disease.
Proactive Control: Neural Oscillatory Correlates of Conflict Anticipation and Response Slowing
Social and Nonsocial Relational Reasoning in Adolescence and Adulthood.
Anatomical Modularity of Verbal Working Memory? Functional Anatomical Evidence from a Famous Patient with Short-Term Memory Deficits.
The What, the When, and the Whether of Intentional Action in the Brain: A Meta-Analytical Review.
The Effect of Apolipoprotein E ε4 (APOE ε4) on Visuospatial Working Memory in Healthy Elderly and Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment Patients: An Event-Related Potentials Study
FMRI Study of Neural Responses to Implicit Infant Emotion in Anorexia Nervosa
Fractional amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations is disrupted in Alzheimer's disease with depression.
Functional neuroanatomy of speech signal decoding in primary progressive aphasias.
Differences and Similarities for Spatial and Feature-Based Selective Attentional Orienting.
Right Hemisphere Grey Matter Volume and Language Functions in Stroke Aphasia
Kinematics in the brain: unmasking motor control strategies?
Dissecting structures and functions of SecA-only protein-conducting channels: ATPase, pore structure, ion channel activity, protein translocation, and interaction with SecYEG/SecDF•YajC
Association between habenula dysfunction and motivational symptoms in unmedicated major depressive disorder.
Abnormal Brain Activation During Theory of Mind Tasks in Schizophrenia: A Meta-Analysis
Like mother like daughter: putamen activation as a mechanism underlying intergenerational risk for depression
Limbic Interference During Social Action Planning in Schizophrenia
Neural dynamics underlying emotional transmissions between individuals
D2/D3 dopamine receptor binding with [F-18]fallypride correlates of executive function in medication-naïve patients with schizophrenia.
Specific brain activation patterns associated with two neuromuscular electrical stimulation protocols
Reduced fronto-amygdalar connectivity in adolescence is associated with increased depression symptoms over time.
Effects of multicomponent training of cognitive control on cognitive function and brain activation in older adults.
Prefrontal-parietal effective connectivity during working memory in older adults.
Emotion regulation in mood and anxiety disorders: A meta-analysis of fMRI cognitive reappraisal studies
Precuneus degeneration and isolated apathy in patients with Parkinson's disease.
Cerebral Metabolic Change in Parkinson's Disease Patients with Anxiety: A FDG-PET Study
Contributions of polygenic risk for obesity to PTSD-related metabolic syndrome and cortical thickness
Primary angle-closure glaucomas disturb regional spontaneous brain activity in the visual pathway: an fMRI study
Chronic Ketamine Exposure Causes White Matter Microstructural Abnormalities in Adolescent Cynomolgus Monkeys
Altered Default Mode Network on Resting-State fMRI in Children with Infantile Spasms
Acupuncture modulates the abnormal brainstem activity in migraine without aura patients.
Cortical gyrification is abnormal in children with prenatal alcohol exposure.
Effect of verbal task complexity in a working memory paradigm in patients with type 1 diabetes. A fMRI study.
Disrupted Olfactory Integration in Schizophrenia: Functional Connectivity Study
Laugh or cringe? Common and distinct processes of reward-based schadenfreude and empathy-based fremdscham.
Prefrontally-mediated alterations in the retrieval of negative events: Links to memory vividness across the adult lifespan.
Functional Connectivity in Frontoparietal Network: Indicator of Preoperative Cognitive Function and Cognitive Outcome Following Surgery in Patients with Glioma
Increases in Intrinsic Thalamocortical Connectivity and Overall Cognition Following Cognitive Remediation in Chronic Schizophrenia.
Experimental manipulation of infant temperament affects amygdala functional connectivity.
Abnormal regional homogeneity as a potential imaging biomarker for adolescent-onset schizophrenia: A resting-state fMRI study and support vector machine analysis.
Modes of Effective Connectivity within Cortical Pathways Are Distinguished for Different Categories of Visual Context: An fMRI Study.
Oxytocin Increases the Perceived Value of Both Self- and Other-Owned Items and Alters Medial Prefrontal Cortex Activity in an Endowment Task.
Distinct Role of Striatal Functional Connectivity and Dopaminergic Loss in Parkinson’s Symptoms
Associations between Mobility, Cognition, and Brain Structure in Healthy Older Adults
Reduced Gray Matter Volume in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus
Reduced glucose metabolism in neocortical network nodes remote from hypothalamic hamartomas reflects cognitive impairment.
Visual Working Memory Enhances the Neural Response to Matching Visual Input.
Human cortical activity evoked by contextual processing in attentional orienting
Neural correlates of ataxia severity in spinocerebellar ataxia type 3/Machado-Joseph disease
Probabilistic Entity-Relationship Diagram: A correlation between functional connectivity and spontaneous brain activity during resting state in major depressive disorder.
Ability to Gain Control Over One's Own Brain Activity and its Relation to Spiritual Practice: A Multimodal Imaging Study.
Moderating Effects of Cortisol on Neural-Cognitive Association in Cognitively Normal Elderly Subjects
Brain reward responses to food stimuli among female monozygotic twins discordant for BMI.
Joint representation of consistent structural and functional profiles for identification of common cortical landmarks.
Does Psychosocial Stress Impact Cognitive Reappraisal? Behavioral and Neural Evidence.
Integration of identity and emotion information in faces: fMRI evidence.
Attempts at memory control induce dysfunctional brain activation profiles in Generalized Anxiety Disorder: An exploratory fMRI study
Functional reorganization during cognitive function tasks in patients with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Neural mechanisms underlying sound-induced visual motion perception: An fMRI study
Performance comparison of 10 different classification techniques in segmenting white matter hyperintensities in aging.
Quantitative in vivo T2 mapping using fast spin echo techniques - A linear correction procedure.
Neurobiological correlates of impulsivity in healthy adults: Lower prefrontal gray matter volume and spontaneous eye-blink rate but greater resting-state functional connectivity in basal ganglia-thala
The shared neural basis of music and language
Brain activity related to working memory for temporal order and object information.
Neural mechanisms underlying valence inferences to sound: The role of the right angular gyrus.
Computerized cognitive training for children with neurofibromatosis type 1: A pilot resting-state fMRI study.
Neural substrates underlying balanced time perspective: A combined voxel-based morphometry and resting-state functional connectivity study.
Cannabis-induced alterations in brain activation during a test of information processing speed in patients with MS
Effect of catechol-O-methyltransferase Val158Met polymorphism on resting-state brain default mode network after acupuncture stimulation.
Prenatal manganese exposure and intrinsic functional connectivity of emotional brain areas in children
Simultaneous Processing of Noun Cue and to-be-Produced Verb in Verb Generation Task: Electromagnetic Evidence.
Differential Functional Connectivity Alterations of Two Subdivisions within the Right dlPFC in Parkinson's Disease.
Proposers’ Economic Status Affects Behavioral and Neural Responses to Unfairness
Brain MR Image Classification for Alzheimer's Disease Diagnosis Based on Multifeature Fusion
Reduced reward‐related neural response to mimicry in individuals with autism
Improving language mapping in clinical fMRI through assessment of grammar.
Neural networks underlying language and social cognition during self-other processing in Autism spectrum disorders.
Anger provocation in violent offenders leads to emotion dysregulation
Shared and Specific Intrinsic Functional Connectivity Patterns in Unmedicated Bipolar Disorder and Major Depressive Disorder
Abnormal asymmetry in benign epilepsy with unilateral and bilateral centrotemporal spikes: A combined fMRI and DTI study
Polygenic risk for depression and the neural correlates of working memory in healthy subjects
Cingulo-opercular activity affects incidental memory encoding for speech in noise.
Discriminative self-representation sparse regression for neuroimaging-based alzheimer's disease diagnosis.
Task-related and resting-state fMRI identify distinct networks that preferentially support remembering the past and imagining the future.
Pharmacological Modulation of Noradrenergic Arousal Circuitry Disrupts Functional Connectivity of the Locus Ceruleus in Humans.
Dissecting the Function of Hippocampal Oscillations in a Human Anxiety Model
Neural Mechanisms of Updating under Reducible and Irreducible Uncertainty.
Blunted amygdala functional connectivity during a stress task in alcohol dependent individuals: A pilot study
Distinct neural processes support post-success and post-error slowing in the stop signal task
Multi-modal neuroimaging of adolescents with non-suicidal self-injury: Amygdala functional connectivity.
Atypical activation of action-semantic network in adolescents with autism spectrum disorder.
Neural activity during attentional conflict predicts reduction in tinnitus perception following rTMS
The effects of changes in object location on object identity detection: A simultaneous EEG-fMRI study.
Reward Selectively Modulates the Lingering Neural Representation of Recently Attended Objects in Natural Scenes.
The motor cortical representation of a muscle is not homogeneous in brain connectivity.
Affective traits and history of depression are related to ventral striatum connectivity.
Remembering and imagining alternative versions of the personal past.
Gray Matter Abnormalities in Non-comorbid Medication-naive Patients with Major Depressive Disorder or Social Anxiety Disorder
Inconsistency in Abnormal Brain Activity across Cohorts of ADHD-200 in Children with Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder.
From Behavioral Facilitation to Inhibition: The Neuronal Correlates of the Orienting and Reorienting of Auditory Attention.
Intrinsic functional connectivity alteration of dorsal and rostral anterior cingulate cortex in obsessive-compulsive disorder: A resting fMRI study.
Voxel-based morphometric brain comparison between healthy subjects and major depressive disorder patients in Japanese with the s/s genotype of 5-HTTLPR
Physical Exercise with Music Reduces Gray and White Matter Loss in the Frontal Cortex of Elderly People: The Mihama-Kiho Scan Project
Neural Correlates of Outcome of the Psychotherapy Compared to Antidepressant Therapy in Anxiety and Depression Disorders: A Meta-Analysis
Frontal assessment battery and frontal atrophy in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis
Abnormal amplitude of low‐frequency fluctuations and functional connectivity of resting‐state functional magnetic resonance imaging in patients with leukoaraiosis
Identifying the neural substrates of intrinsic motivation during task performance.
Children's brain activation during risky decision-making: A contributor to substance problems?
Lower Functional Connectivity of the Periaqueductal Gray Is Related to Negative Affect and Clinical Manifestations of Fibromyalgia
Neural correlates of psychotic-like experiences during spiritual-trance state.
How do self-interest and other-need interact in the brain to determine altruistic behavior?
Cortical amyloid accumulation is associated with alterations of structural integrity in older people with subjective memory complaints.
Testing the physiological plausibility of conflicting psychological models of response inhibition: A forward inference fMRI study.
Functional brain networks during picture encoding and recognition in different odor contexts.
Simultaneous learning of two languages from birth positively impacts intrinsic functional connectivity and cognitive control.
Hippocampal spatial mechanisms relate to the development of arithmetic symbol processing in children.
Neural changes related to motion processing in healthy aging.
Brain functional connectivity is associated with visceral sensitivity in women with Irritable Bowel Syndrome.
Frequency-dependent changes in local intrinsic oscillations in chronic primary insomnia: A study of the amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations in the resting state.
Relationship between brainstem neurodegeneration and clinical impairment in traumatic spinal cord injury
Voluntary saccade inhibition deficits correlate with extended white-matter cortico-basal atrophy in Huntington's disease
Resting state electrical brain activity and connectivity in fibromyalgia
Abnormal global functional network connectivity and its relationship to medial temporal atrophy in patients with amnestic mild cognitive impairment.
Differential Aging Trajectories of Modulation of Activation to Cognitive Challenge in APOE epsilon4 Groups: Reduced Modulation Predicts Poorer Cognitive Performance.
Regional impairment of intrinsic functional connectivity strength in patients with chronic primary insomnia
Neural circuit of verbal humor comprehension in schizophrenia - an fMRI study.
Neuroticism, depression, and anxiety traits exacerbate the state of cognitive impairment and hippocampal vulnerability to Alzheimer's disease
Differential Tuning of Ventral and Dorsal Streams during the Generation of Common and Uncommon Tool Uses.
Proximity alert! Distance related cuneus activation in military veterans with anger and aggression problems
To err is (perfectly) human: behavioural and neural correlates of error processing and perfectionism
Positive autobiographical memory retrieval reduces temporal discounting
fMRI Repetition Suppression During Generalized Social Categorization
Reduction of Interhemispheric Functional Brain Connectivity in Early Blindness: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Cholinergic Potentiation and Audiovisual Repetition-Imitation Therapy Improve Speech Production and Communication Deficits in a Person with Crossed Aphasia by Inducing Structural Plasticity in White
Avoidant Responses to Interpersonal Provocation Are Associated with Increased Amygdala and Decreased Mentalizing Network Activity
Identification of lateralized compensatory neural activities within the social brain due to autism spectrum disorder in adolescent males.
Assessing the "social brain" in dementia: Applying TASIT-S.
Phonological experience modulates voice discrimination: Evidence from functional brain networks analysis.
Patterns of activation and de-activation associated with cue-guided spatial navigation: A whole-brain, voxel-based study
White matter abnormalities in treatment-naive adolescents at the earliest stages of Anorexia Nervosa: A diffusion tensor imaging study.
A review on automatic fetal and neonatal brain MRI segmentation.
Different patterns of gray matter density in early- and middle-late-onset Parkinson's disease: a voxel-based morphometry study.
Maternal depressive symptoms during pregnancy are associated with amygdala hyperresponsivity in children
Trait compassion is associated with the neural substrate of empathy.
Grey matter density changes of structures involved in Posttraumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD) after recovery following Eye Movement Desensitization and Reprocessing (EMDR) therapy.
Anomalous prefrontal-limbic activation and connectivity in youth at high-risk for bipolar disorder.
Human neuroimaging reveals the subcomponents of grasping, reaching and pointing actions.
Functional and structural changes in gray matter of parkinson's disease patients with mild cognitive impairment
Alteration of cortico-limbic-striatal neural system in major depressive disorder and bipolar disorder.
Neural correlates of prosocial behavior towards persons in pain in healthcare providers.
How to improve parameter estimates in GLM-based fMRI data analysis: cross-validated Bayesian model averaging.
Functional brain outcomes of L2 speech learning emerge during sensorimotor transformation.
Modulation of cognitive cerebello-cerebral functional connectivity by lateral cerebellar continuous theta burst stimulation.
Plastic reorganization of neural systems for perception of others in the congenitally blind.
Active avoidance and attentive freezing in the face of approaching threat.
Divergent influences of anterior cingulate cortex GABA concentrations on the emotion circuitry
Using MEG to Understand the Progression of Light Sleep and the Emergence and Functional Roles of Spindles and K-Complexes
Brain Functional Connectivity Is Modified by a Hypocaloric Mediterranean Diet and Physical Activity in Obese Women
Abnormal cortical-basal ganglia network in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis: A voxel-wise network efficiency analysis.
Diminished motor imagery capability in adults with motor impairment: An fMRI mental rotation study.
Neural functional correlates of empathic face processing.
Occipitotemporal Category Representations Are Sensitive to Abstract Category Boundaries Defined by Generalization Demands.
Cooperation Not Competition: Bihemispheric tDCS and fMRI Show Role for Ipsilateral Hemisphere in Motor Learning
Task relevance modulates the cortical representation of feature conjunctions in the target template
Investigating the Blood Oxygenation Level-Dependent Functional MRI Response to a Verbal Fluency Task in Early Stroke before and after Hemodynamic Scaling
Impaired sensory processing measured by functional MRI in Bipolar disorder manic and depressed mood states.
Joint prediction of multiple scores captures better individual traits from brain images.
Adolescent maturation of the relationship between cortical gyrification and cognitive ability.
Preliminary Evidence for Training-Induced Changes of Morphology and Phantom Limb Pain
Altered brain network centrality in patients with adult comitant exotropia strabismus: A resting-state fMRI study
A Comprehensive Analysis of the Correlations between Resting-State Oscillations in Multiple-Frequency Bands and Big Five Traits.
Abnormal Functional Connectivity of Ventral Anterior Insula in Asthmatic Patients with Depression
Trajectory following and stabilization control of fully actuated AUV using inverse kinematics and self-tuning fuzzy PID
Noradrenergic modulation of neural erotic stimulus perception.
Spatiotemporal neural characterization of prediction error valence and surprise during reward learning in humans
Altered Spontaneous Brain Activity in Children with Early Tourette Syndrome: a Resting-state fMRI Study
Using a Large-scale Neural Model of Cortical Object Processing to Investigate the Neural Substrate for Managing Multiple Items in Short-term Memory.
Neural Mechanisms Underlying Risk and Ambiguity Attitudes.
The pulvinar nucleus is associated with the presence of dysarthria in patients with basal ganglia hemorrhage.
Neural inhibition can explain negative BOLD responses: A mechanistic modelling and fMRI study.
White matter correlates of impaired attention control in major depressive disorder and healthy volunteers.
The role of ventromedial prefrontal cortex volume in the association of expressive suppression and externally oriented thinking.
Evidence for the triadic model of adolescent brain development: Cognitive load and task-relevance of emotion differentially affect adolescents and adults.
Stronger default mode network connectivity is associated with poorer clinical insight in youth at ultra high-risk for psychotic disorders.
Amygdala functional disconnection with the prefrontal-cingulate-temporal circuit in chronic tinnitus patients with depressive mood
Graph theoretical analysis of functional network for comprehension of sign language.
Cortical Activation during Landmark-Centered vs. Gaze-Centered Memory of Saccade Targets in the Human: An FMRI Study.
Effective Connectivity between Ventral Occipito-Temporal and Ventral Inferior Frontal Cortex during Lexico-Semantic Processing. A Dynamic Causal Modeling Study.
Brain Connectivity Patterns Dissociate Action of Specific Acupressure Treatments in Fatigued Breast Cancer Survivors
Bilateral effects of unilateral cerebellar lesions as detected by voxel based morphometry and diffusion imaging
Impaired insula functional connectivity associated with persistent pain perception in patients with complex regional pain syndrome.
Brain structure abnormalities in young women who presented conduct disorder in childhood/adolescence.
Neural and behavioural correlates of autobiographical memory retrieval in patients with major depressive disorder and a history of trauma exposure.
Cortical and Subcortical Coordination of Visual Spatial Attention Revealed by Simultaneous EEG-fMRI Recording.
Effects of gratitude meditation on neural network functional connectivity and brain-heart coupling
Differential brain activations in adult attention-deficit/ hyperactivity disorder subtypes: a counting Stroop functional MRI study.
The association between resting functional connectivity and dispositional optimism
Reduced orbitofrontal cortical volume is associated with interdependent self-construal.
The Difference of Neural Networks between Bimanual Antiphase and In-Phase Upper Limb Movements: A Preliminary Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Functional Connectivity Differences in the Insular Sub-regions in Migraine without Aura: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study.
Reduced Pain Sensation and Reduced BOLD Signal in Parietofrontal Networks during Religious Prayer.
Neural Mechanisms Underlying Conscious and Unconscious Gaze-Triggered Attentional Orienting in Autism Spectrum Disorder.
Automatized smoking-related action schemata are reflected by reduced fMRI activity in sensorimotor brain regions of smokers.
Examining distinct working memory processes in children and adolescents using fMRI: Results and validation of a modified Brown-Peterson paradigm
Cerebral 18F-FDG PET in macrophagic myofasciitis: An individual SVM-based approach
Adverse Effects of the Apolipoprotein E ε4 Allele on Episodic Memory, Task Switching and Gray Matter Volume in Healthy Young Adults
Effects of Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation on Neural Networks in Young and Older Adults
Relative cortico-subcortical shift in brain activity but preserved training-induced neural modulation in older adults during bimanual motor learning.
The neural correlates of dealing with social exclusion in childhood.
Parkinson's disease with mild cognitive impairment: severe cortical thinning antedates dementia.
Onset age of L2 acquisition influences language network in early and late Cantonese-Mandarin bilinguals.
Functional magnetic resonance imaging response as an early biomarker of cognitive decline in elderly patients with metabolic syndrome
Cocaine dependence modulates the effect of HIV infection on brain activation during intertemporal decision making.
Resisting Sleep Pressure: Impact on Resting State Functional Network Connectivity.
Increased recruitment of cognitive control in the presence of traumatic stimuli in complex PTSD.
The Impact of Aerobic Exercise on Fronto-Parietal Network Connectivity and Its Relation to Mobility: An Exploratory Analysis of a 6-Month Randomized Controlled Trial.
The atrophy of white and gray matter volume in patients with comitant strabismus: Evidence from a voxel-based morphometry study
Reading network in dyslexia: Similar, yet different.
Hierarchically Organized Medial Frontal Cortex-Basal Ganglia Loops Selectively Control Task- and Response-Selection.
Neuroimaging Correlates of Post-Stroke Aphasia Rehabilitation in a Pilot Randomized Trial of Constraint-Induced Aphasia Therapy
Dissonance encoding in human inferior colliculus covaries with individual differences in dislike of dissonant music
Distinct Top-down and Bottom-up Brain Connectivity During Visual Perception and Imagery
Altered hippocampal volume and functional connectivity in males with Internet gaming disorder comparing to those with alcohol use disorder
Cerebral Reorganization in Subacute Stroke Survivors after Virtual Reality-Based Training: A Preliminary Study
Interhemispheric disconnectivity in the sensorimotor network in bipolar disorder revealed by functional connectivity and diffusion tensor imaging analysis
Spatial working memory in neurofibromatosis 1: Altered neural activity and functional connectivity
Brain activation underlying turning in Parkinson’s disease patients with and without freezing of gait: a virtual reality fMRI study
Hybrid Cubature Kalman filtering for identifying nonlinear models from sampled recording: Estimation of neuronal dynamics.
Neural correlates underlying the comprehension of deceitful and ironic communicative intentions.
White matter microstructure degenerates in patients with postherpetic neuralgia.
Switch-Independent Task Representations in Frontal and Parietal Cortex.
Common Brain Structure Findings Across Children with Varied Reading Disability Profiles
Neural determinants of human goal-directed vs. habitual action control and their relation to trait motivation
Resting-State Fluctuations of EEG Sensorimotor Rhythm Reflect BOLD Activities in the Pericentral Areas: A Simultaneous EEG-fMRI Study.
White Matter Sexual Dimorphism of the Adult Human Brain
Single‐trial EEG‐informed fMRI analysis of emotional decision problems in hot executive function
Relationship between cerebellar structure and emotional memory in depression
Tracking Deceased-Related Thinking with Neural Pattern Decoding of a Cortical-Basal Ganglia Circuit.
Functional connectivity and cognitive impairment in migraine with and without aura
Effective connectivity during successful and unsuccessful recollection in young and old adults.
Long-term intensive gymnastic training induced changes in intra- and inter-network functional connectivity: an independent component analysis.
Assessment of gray and white matter structural alterations in migraineurs without aura
Aberrant link between empathy and social attribution style in borderline personality disorder
Blunted neural response to implicit negative facial affect in anorexia nervosa.
Weaker Functional Connectivity Strength in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
It doesn't matter what you say: FMRI correlates of voice learning and recognition independent of speech content.
Bimodal odor processing with a trigeminal component at sub- and suprathreshold levels
A distinction between two instruments measuring dispositional mindfulness and the correlations between those measurements and the neuroanatomical structure
Shifted dynamic interactions between subcortical nuclei and inferior frontal gyri during response preparation in persistent developmental stuttering
Altered connectivity within and between the default mode, central executive, and salience networks in obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Illuminating the conceptual structure of the space of moral violations with searchlight representational similarity analysis.
Adolescent Major Depressive Disorder: Neuroimaging Evidence of Sex Difference during an Affective Go/No-Go Task
Altered Brain Activities Associated with Craving and Cue Reactivity in People with Internet Gaming Disorder: Evidence from the Comparison with Recreational Internet Game Users
Mapping effective connectivity within cortical networks with diffuse optical tomography
Remembering verbally-presented items as pictures: Brain activity underlying visual mental images in schizophrenia patients with visual hallucinations.
Functional connectivity of the left DLPFC to striatum predicts treatment response of depression to TMS
Failure in Cognitive Suppression of Negative Affect in Adolescents with Generalized Anxiety Disorder
Combining Multiple Resting-State fMRI Features during Classification: Optimized Frameworks and Their Application to Nicotine Addiction.
Neural correlates of bilingual language control during interlingual homograph processing in a logogram writing system.
Difference in the functional connectivity of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex between smokers with nicotine dependence and individuals with internet gaming disorder
Behavioural and neuroanatomical correlates of auditory speech analysis in primary progressive aphasias
Functional brain activation associated with working memory training and transfer.
Activity in part of the neural correlates of consciousness reflects integration
Neural differences underlying face processing in veterans with TBI and co-occurring TBI and PTSD.
Maternal Systemic Interleukin-6 During Pregnancy Is Associated With Newborn Amygdala Phenotypes and Subsequent Behavior at 2 Years of Age.
Heightened activity in social reward networks is associated with adolescents' risky sexual behaviors.
Search and recovery of autobiographical and laboratory memories: Shared and distinct neural components.
Distinct resting-state functional connections associated with episodic and visuospatial memory in older adults.
Individual differences in the processing of smoking-cessation video messages: An imaging genetics study.
Prenatal developmental origins of behavior and mental health: The influence of maternal stress in pregnancy.
Human Brain Mapping of Visual Script Familiarity between Phonological and Logographic Language: 3 T Functional MRI Study
Functional neural circuits that underlie developmental stuttering.
FMRI to probe sex-related differences in brain function with multitasking.
Neural correlates of evaluating self and close-other in physical, academic and prosocial domains.
Reconfiguration of Brain Network Architectures between Resting-State and Complexity-Dependent Cognitive Reasoning.
Learning Predictive Statistics: Strategies and Brain Mechanisms
“Embodied Body Language”: an electrical neuroimaging study with emotional faces and bodies
Capsaicin 8% patch treatment for amputation stump and phantom limb pain: a clinical and functional MRI study.
Extending Inferential Group Analysis in Type 2 Diabetic Patients with Multivariate GLM Implemented in SPM8
Cerebellar degeneration affects cortico-cortical connectivity in motor learning networks.
Functional brain effects of hand disuse in patients with trapeziometacarpal joint osteoarthritis: executed and imagined movements.
Behavioral and fMRI responses to fearful faces are altered in benign childhood epilepsy with centrotemporal spikes (BCECTS).
Regional decrease in gray matter volume is related to body dissatisfaction in anorexia nervosa.
The effect of visual and musical suspense on brain activation and memory during naturalistic viewing.
Association between educational attainment and amyloid deposition across the spectrum from normal cognition to dementia: neuroimaging evidence for protection and compensation.
Altered praxis network underlying limb kinetic apraxia in Parkinson's disease - an fMRI study
Modulation of financial deprivation on deception and its neural correlates.
Maternal PTSD and corresponding neural activity mediate effects of child exposure to violence on child PTSD symptoms.
Activation changes of the left inferior frontal gyrus for the factors of construction and scrambling in a sentence
Neural substrates of embodied natural beauty and social endowed beauty: An fMRI study
Neural Response to Biological Motion in Healthy Adults Varies as a Function of Autistic-Like Traits.
Cortical Surface Thickness in the Middle-Aged Brain with White Matter Hyperintense Lesions
Correlation between Dopamine Transporter Degradation and Striatocortical Network Alteration in Parkinson’s Disease
Altered Coupling between Motion-Related Activation and Resting-State Brain Activity in the Ipsilesional Sensorimotor Cortex after Cerebral Stroke
Regional gray matter correlates of memory for emotion-laden words in middle-aged and older adults: A voxel-based morphometry study
Lithium monotherapy associated clinical improvement effects on amygdala-ventromedial prefrontal cortex resting state connectivity in bipolar disorder.
Subcortical and cortical correlates of pitch discrimination: Evidence for two levels of neuroplasticity in musicians.
Lateral prefrontal activity as a compensatory strategy for deficits of cortical processing in Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder
Heidelberg Neuro-Music Therapy Restores Attention-Related Activity in the Angular Gyrus in Chronic Tinnitus Patients.
Effect of Continuous Touch on Brain Functional Connectivity Is Modified by the Operator's Tactile Attention.
A New Division of Schizophrenia Revealed Expanded Bilateral Brain Structural Abnormalities of the Association Cortices
Neural connectivity moderates the association between sleep and impulsivity in adolescents.
Emotion-related brain structures associated with trait creativity in middle children.
Neurofunctionally dissecting the reading system in children
Hippocampal activation and memory performance in schizophrenia depend on strategy use in a virtual maze.
Reshaping the brain after stroke: The effect of prismatic adaptation in patients with right brain damage.
Self-construal differences in neural responses to negative social cues.
Neural Correlates of a Perspective-taking Task Using in a Realistic Three-dimmensional Environment Based Task: A Pilot Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
The Neural Bases of Event Monitoring across Domains: a Simultaneous ERP-fMRI Study.
A whole brain volumetric approach in overweight/obese children: Examining the association with different physical fitness components and academic performance. The ActiveBrains project.
Spontaneous alterations of regional brain activity in patients with adult generalized anxiety disorder
Brain Processing of Contagious Itch in Patients with Atopic Dermatitis
Altered Functional Connectivity of the Default Mode Network in Low-Empathy Subjects
Frequency-specific alteration of functional connectivity density in antipsychotic-naive adolescents with early-onset schizophrenia
Fractional amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations (fALFF) in post-stroke depression.
Resting-state functional connectivity changes due to acute and short-term valproic acid administration in the baboon model of GGE
General and emotion-specific alterations to cognitive control in women with a history of childhood abuse.
Connectivity of precuneus to the default mode and dorsal attention networks: A possible invariant marker of long-term tinnitus.
A Meta-Analytic Study of the Neural Systems for Auditory Processing of Lexical Tones
Altered Brain Functional Connectivity in Small-Cell Lung Cancer Patients after Chemotherapy Treatment: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Ongoing slow oscillatory phase modulates speech intelligibility in cooperation with motor cortical activity.
The effect of visual parameters on neural activation during nonsymbolic number comparison and its relation to math competency.
Prospective changes in neural alcohol cue reactivity in at-risk adolescents.
Functional neural bases of numerosity judgments in healthy adults born preterm
Brain activation during processing of genuine facial emotion in depression: Preliminary findings.
Neurological evaluation of the selection stage of metaphor comprehension in individuals with and without autism spectrum disorder
Does education play a role in language reorganization after surgery in drug refractory temporal lobe epilepsy: An fMRI based study?
Scary symptoms? Functional magnetic resonance imaging evidence for symptom interpretation bias in pathological health anxiety.
Dissociation between the neural correlates of recollection and familiarity in the striatum and hippocampus: Across-study convergence.
An adaptive, individualized fMRI delay discounting procedure to increase flexibility and optimize scanner time.
Learning about Expectation Violation from Prediction Error Paradigms – A Meta-Analysis on Brain Processes Following a Prediction Error
Resting state functional connectivity of the anterior striatum and prefrontal cortex predicts reading performance in school-age children.
Deviant functional activation and connectivity of the right insula are associated with lack of awareness of episodic memory impairment in nonamnesic alcoholism.
Dissociating maternal responses to sad and happy facial expressions of their own child: An fMRI study.
d-Cycloserine facilitates extinction learning and enhances extinction-related brain activation
How context alters value: The brain’s valuation and affective regulation system link price cues to experienced taste pleasantness
Neuroimaging studies in patients with psychogenic non-epileptic seizures: A systematic meta-review.
Activations in gray and white matter are modulated by uni-manual responses during within and inter-hemispheric transfer: effects of response hand and right-handedness.
In the grip of worry: cerebral blood flow changes during worry induction and reappraisal in late-life generalized anxiety disorder
Lateral frontal pole and relational processing: Activation patterns and connectivity profile.
Auditory conflict and congruence in frontotemporal dementia.
Should I trust you? Learning and memory of social interactions in dementia.
Amplification of local changes along the timescale processing hierarchy.
Neural correlates of emotional valence processing in Parkinson's disease: dysfunction in the subcortex.
Alterations in resting-state functional connectivity of the default mode network in amnestic mild cognitive impairment: an fMRI study
Amygdala-centred functional connectivity affects daily cortisol concentrations: a putative link with anxiety
Abnormal intrinsic functional hubs in alcohol dependence: evidence from a voxelwise degree centrality analysis
Treatment Associated Changes of Functional Connectivity of Midbrain/Brainstem Nuclei in Major Depressive Disorder
Dynamic local connectivity uncovers altered brain synchrony during propofol sedation
Effector-Invariant Movement Encoding in the Human Motor System.
Sensory-Biased and Multiple-Demand Processing in Human Lateral Frontal Cortex.
How Auditory Experience Differentially Influences the Function of Left and Right Superior Temporal Cortices.
Altered language network in benign childhood epilepsy patients with spikes from non-dominant side: A resting-state fMRI study
The clinical application of fMRI data in a single-patient diagnostic conundrum: Classifying brain response to experimental pain to distinguish between gastrointestinal, depressive and eating disorder symptoms
How mimicry influences the neural correlates of reward: An fMRI study.
Decreased cerebral blood flow in the primary motor cortex in major depressive disorder with psychomotor retardation
Abnormal long- and short-range functional connectivity in adolescent-onset schizophrenia patients: A resting-state fMRI study
Changes of brain structure in Parkinson's disease patients with mild cognitive impairment analyzed via VBM technology.
The levels of perceptual processing and the neural correlates of increasing subjective visibility
Estimation of Symptom Severity Scores for Patients with Schizophrenia Using ERP Source Activations during a Facial Affect Discrimination Task
Test-Retest Reliability of "High-Order" Functional Connectivity in Young Healthy Adults.
Microstructural Changes of the Human Brain from Early to Mid-Adulthood
Reduced Gray Matter Volume in the Social Brain Network in Adults with Autism Spectrum Disorder.
Individual Differences in the Accuracy of Judgments of Learning Are Related to the Gray Matter Volume and Functional Connectivity of the Left Mid-Insula.
Representation of Semantic Similarity in the Left Intraparietal Sulcus: Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Evidence.
Frequency-Dependent Altered Functional Connections of Default Mode Network in Alzheimer’s Disease
Altered Gray-Matter Volumes Associated With Betel Quid Dependence
Fronto-Limbic Alterations in Negatively Biased Attention in Young Adults with Subthreshold Depression
Alterations in Spontaneous Brain Activity and Functional Network Reorganization following Surgery in Children with Medically Refractory Epilepsy: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Altered topology of neural circuits in congenital prosopagnosia
Reduced functional connectivity between ventromedial prefrontal cortex and insula relates to longer corrected QT interval in HIV+ and HIV- individuals.
Considering sex differences clarifies the effects of depression on facial emotion processing during fMRI.
Considering healthiness promotes healthier choices but modulates medial prefrontal cortex differently in children compared with adults.
Alexithymic trait is associated with right IFG and pre-SMA activation in non-emotional response inhibition in healthy subjects
Dynamic connectivity modulates local activity in the core regions of the default-mode network.
Cognitive fatigue in individuals with traumatic brain injury is associated with caudate activation
Exercise Promotes Neuroplasticity in Both Healthy and Depressed Brains: An fMRI Pilot Study
Cerebral gray matter volume reduction in subcortical vascular mild cognitive impairment patients and subcortical vascular dementia patients, and its relation with cognitive deficits
Diffusion tensor imaging of the structural integrity of white matter correlates with impulsivity in adolescents with internet gaming disorder
Cortical thickness and subcortical structure volume abnormalities in patients with major depression with and without anxious symptoms
Recruitment of orbitofrontal cortex during unpredictable threat among adults at risk for affective disorders
Participation of the left inferior frontal gyrus in human originality.
Language for action: Motor resonance during the processing of human and robotic voices.
Exploration of the Brain in Rest: Resting-State Functional MRI Abnormalities in Patients with Classic Galactosemia
Centrality of prefrontal and motor preparation cortices to Tourette Syndrome revealed by meta-analysis of task-based neuroimaging studies
Changes in structure and perfusion of grey matter tissues during recovery from Ischaemic subcortical stroke: a longitudinal MRI study.
Grey matter volume in adolescents with anorexia nervosa and associated eating disorder symptoms.
A tug of war: antagonistic effective connectivity patterns over the motor cortex and the severity of motor symptoms in Gilles de la Tourette syndrome.
The zero effect: voxel-based lesion symptom mapping of number transcoding errors following stroke
White matter fiber integrity of the saccadic eye movement network differs between schizophrenia and healthy groups.
Association of obesity with cognitive function and brain structure in patients with major depressive disorder.
Neural encoding of saltatory pneumotactile velocity in human glabrous hand.
Games people play: How video games improve probabilistic learning.
Insular atrophy at the prodromal stage of dementia with Lewy bodies: a VBM DARTEL study
Henry, where have you lost your Self?
Neuroanatomical foundations of delayed reward discounting decision making.
Childhood maltreatment is associated with gray matter volume abnormalities in patients with first-episode depression.
Corticolimbic structural alterations linked to health status and trait anxiety in functional neurological disorder.
Amygdala activation as a marker for selective attention toward neutral faces in a chronic traumatic brain injury population.
Using resting-state fMRI to assess the effect of aerobic exercise on functional connectivity of the DLPFC in older overweight adults.
Brain areas associated with numbers and calculations in children: Meta-analyses of fMRI studies.
Functional subdivisions of the hypothalamus using areal parcellation and their signal changes related to glucose metabolism.
White Matter Hyperintensity Load Modulates Brain Morphometry and Brain Connectivity in Healthy Adults: A Neuroplastic Mechanism?
Decoding of auditory and tactile perceptual decisions in parietal cortex.
Lexical-Semantic Search Under Different Covert Verbal Fluency Tasks: An fMRI Study.
Age-Related Shift in Neuro-Activation during a Word-Matching Task
Altered Functional and Causal Connectivity of Cerebello-Cortical Circuits between Multiple System Atrophy (Parkinsonian Type) and Parkinson’s Disease
Cognitive Improvement and Brain Changes after Real-Time Functional MRI Neurofeedback Training in Healthy Elderly and Prodromal Alzheimer’s Disease
The Impact of Carotid Artery Stenting on Cerebral Perfusion, Functional Connectivity, and Cognition in Severe Asymptomatic Carotid Stenosis Patients
Neural Signatures of Spatial Statistical Learning: Characterizing the Extraction of Structure from Complex Visual Scenes.
Salience, central executive, and sensorimotor network functional connectivity alterations in failed back surgery syndrome
Tone-grammar association within words: Concurrent ERP and fMRI show rapid neural pre-activation and involvement of left inferior frontal gyrus in pseudoword processing.
Reduced brain response to a sweet taste in Hispanic young adults.
Segregating Top-Down Selective Attention from Response Inhibition in a Spatial Cueing Go/NoGo Task: An ERP and Source Localization Study
Hypnotic analgesia reduces brain responses to pain seen in others
The neural mechanism underpinning balance calibration between action inhibition and activation initiated by reward motivation
Altered cross-talk between the hypothalamus and non-homeostatic regions linked to obesity and difficulty to lose weight
A Meta-analysis of Voxel-based Brain Morphometry Studies in Obstructive Sleep Apnea
How spontaneous brain activity and narcissistic features shape social interaction
Global associations between regional gray matter volume and diverse complex cognitive functions: evidence from a large sample study
Processing of Unattended Emotional Facial Expressions: Correlates of Visual Field Bias in Women.
Differing Time of Onset of Concurrent TMS-fMRI during Associative Memory Encoding: A Measure of Dynamic Connectivity.
From word reading to multisentence comprehension: Improvements in brain activity in children with autism after reading intervention.
Alterations in striato-thalamo-pallidal intrinsic functional connectivity as a prodrome of Parkinson's disease.
A systematic linguistic profile of spontaneous narrative speech in pre-symptomatic and early stage Huntington's disease
Decision-making in primary onset middle-age type 2 diabetes mellitus: a BOLD-fMRI study
Delay discounting is associated with the fractional amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations and resting-state functional connectivity in late adolescence
Differential Cortical Gray Matter Deficits in Adolescent- and Adult-Onset First-Episode Treatment-Naïve Patients with Schizophrenia
Differential effects of antidepressant treatment on long-range and short-range functional connectivity strength in patients with major depressive disorder
Using Large-Scale Statistical Chinese Brain Template (Chinese2020) in Popular Neuroimage Analysis Toolkits.
Structural Brain Network Changes across the Adult Lifespan
Increased Gray Matter Volume and Resting-State Functional Connectivity in Somatosensory Cortex and their Relationship with Autistic Symptoms in Young Boys with Autism Spectrum Disorder
Cognitive-Behavioral Therapy for Obsessive–Compulsive Disorder with and without Autism Spectrum Disorder: Gray Matter Differences Associated with Poor Outcome
Gravity Cues Embedded in the Kinematics of Human Motion Are Detected in Form-from-Motion Areas of the Visual System and in Motor-Related Areas
Brain motor functional changes after somatosensory discrimination training.
The supramarginal and angular gyri underlie orthographic competence in Spanish language.
Dynamic range of frontoparietal functional modulation is associated with working memory capacity limitations in older adults.
Resting state perfusion in the language network is linked to formal thought disorder and poor functional outcome in schizophrenia
Low-frequency oscillations in default mode subnetworks are associated with episodic memory impairments in Alzheimer's disease.
Increased emotional reactivity to affective pictures in patients with skin-picking disorder: Evidence from functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Dispositional use of emotion regulation strategies and resting-state cortico-limbic functional connectivity.
Autism Spectrum Disorder Related Functional Connectivity Changes in the Language Network in Children, Adolescents and Adults.
An fMRI study of the effects on normal language areas when acupuncturing the Tongli (HT5) and Xuanzhong (GB39) acupoints
Changes in intrinsic local connectivity after reading intervention in children with autism.
Genetic variation in angiotensin converting-enzyme affects the white matter integrity and cognitive function of amnestic mild cognitive impairment patients.
High angular resolution diffusion imaging abnormalities in the early stages of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Independent circuits in basal ganglia and cortex for the processing of reward and precision feedback.
Neural overlap of L1 and L2 semantic representations in speech: A decoding approach.
Angular Gyrus Involvement at Encoding and Retrieval Is Associated with Durable But Less Specific Memories.
Domain-General Brain Regions Do Not Track Linguistic Input as Closely as Language-Selective Regions.
Conjoint and dissociated structural and functional abnormalities in first-episode drug-naive patients with major depressive disorder: a multimodal meta-analysis
Mechanisms of cognitive-behavioral therapy for obsessive-compulsive disorder involve robust and extensive increases in brain network connectivity
Modulation of defensive reactivity by GLRB allelic variation: converging evidence from an intermediate phenotype approach
Brain grey matter volume alterations associated with antidepressant response in major depressive disorder
Stable Scalp EEG Spatiospectral Patterns Across Paradigms Estimated by Group ICA.
Sex-dependent neural effect of oxytocin during subliminal processing of negative emotion faces.
Neural congruence between intertemporal and interpersonal self-control: Evidence from delay and social discounting
Overdominant Effect of a CHRNA4 Polymorphism on Cingulo-Opercular Network Activity and Cognitive Control.
Changes in Resting-State Cerebral Activity in Patients with Hyperthyroidism: A Short-Term Follow-Up Functional MR Imaging Study
Evolutionary and Modern Image Content Differentially Influence the Processing of Emotional Pictures.
Differential Associations between Cortical Thickness and Striatal Dopamine in Treatment-Naive Adults with ADHD vs. Healthy Controls.
Brain Activation during Perception and Anticipation of Dyspnea in Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease
Quantitative susceptibility mapping to evaluate the early stage of Alzheimer's disease☆
Altered right anterior insular connectivity and loss of associated functions in adolescent chronic fatigue syndrome.
Convergence of fMRI and ERP measures of emotional face processing in combat-exposed U. S. military veterans.
Probabilistic inference under time pressure leads to a cortical-to-subcortical shift in decision evidence integration.
Cognition in patients with benign epilepsy with centrotemporal spikes: A study with long-term VEEG and RS-fMRI
Autobiographical memory: a candidate latent vulnerability mechanism for psychiatric disorder following childhood maltreatment
Moral judgment modulation by disgust priming via altered fronto-temporal functional connectivity
Comparing CAT12 and VBM8 for Detecting Brain Morphological Abnormalities in Temporal Lobe Epilepsy
Neural correlates of implicit knowledge about statistical regularities.
An investigation of potential neural correlates of intrusive retrieval of distressing memories
The neurobiology of brain recovery from traumatic stress: A longitudinal DTI study.
A systematic study of the sensitivity of partial volume correction methods for the quantification of perfusion from pseudo-continuous arterial spin labeling MRI.
Attentional control underlies the perceptual load effect: Evidence from voxel-wise degree centrality and resting-state functional connectivity
Mapping the complex topological organization of the human parietal face area.
The role of auditory cortex in the spatial ventriloquism aftereffect.
Association between resting-state brain network topological organization and creative ability: Evidence from a multiple linear regression model
Predicting Intentions of a Familiar Significant Other Beyond the Mirror Neuron System.
A Pilot Study of the Effects of Mindfulness-Based Stress Reduction on Post-traumatic Stress Disorder Symptoms and Brain Response to Traumatic Reminders of Combat in Operation Enduring Freedom/Operation Iraqi Freedom Combat Veterans with Post-traumatic Stress Disorder
Hyperactivation in Cognitive Control and Visual Attention Brain Regions During Emotional Interference in Adolescent Depression.
Structural and functional correlates for language efficiency in auditory word processing.
Neural correlates of working memory in children and adolescents with agenesis of the corpus callosum: An fMRI study.
Resting state fMRI observations of baseline brain functional activities and connectivities in primary blepharospasm.
Content-Specific Codes of Parametric Vibrotactile Working Memory in Humans.
How Human Amygdala and Bed Nucleus of the Stria Terminalis May Drive Distinct Defensive Responses.
Neural Predictors of 12-Month Weight Loss Outcomes Following Bariatric Surgery
Neural response to evaluating depression predicts perceivers' mental health treatment recommendations.
Amyloid-independent atrophy patterns predict time to progression to dementia in mild cognitive impairment
Alterations of Brain Functional Architecture Associated with Psychopathic Traits in Male Adolescents with Conduct Disorder
Structure-function correlations in Retinitis Pigmentosa patients with partially preserved vision: a voxel-based morphometry study
Functional neural changes associated with acquired amusia across different stages of recovery after stroke
Neural correlates of ambient thermal sensation: An fMRI study
Differences in Neural Response to Romantic Stimuli in Monogamous and Non-Monogamous Men.
Identify changes of brain regional homogeneity in early and later adult onset patients with first-episode depression using resting-state fMRI.
Sensory overload and imbalance: Resting-state vestibular connectivity in PTSD and its dissociative subtype.
Deceptive but Not Honest Manipulative Actions Are Associated with Increased Interaction between Middle and Inferior Frontal gyri.
Effects of Scene Properties and Emotional Valence on Brain Activations: A Fixation-Related fMRI Study.
Altered White Matter Integrity in Smokers Is Associated with Smoking Cessation Outcomes.
Functional Connectivity of the Corpus Callosum in Epilepsy Patients with Secondarily Generalized Seizures
Sleep-amount differentially affects fear-processing neural circuitry in pediatric anxiety: A preliminary fMRI investigation
Low threshold unmyelinated mechanoafferents can modulate pain
Early-Life stress modulates neural networks associated with habitual use of reappraisal.
Failing to learn from negative prediction errors: Obesity is associated with alterations in a fundamental neural learning mechanism.
Neural activation in stress-related exhaustion: Cross-sectional observations and interventional effects.
Cerebellar induced differential polyglot aphasia: A neurolinguistic and fMRI study.
Selective functional dysconnectivity of the dorsal-anterior subregion of the precuneus in drug-naive major depressive disorder.
Stereotaxic F-FDG PET and MRI templates with three-dimensional digital atlas for statistical parametric mapping analysis of tree shrew brain.
Altered gray matter volume, cerebral blood flow and functional connectivity in chronic stroke patients.
Investigating the Neural Correlates of Emotion–Cognition Interaction Using an Affective Stroop Task
Hemicerebellitis can drive handedness shift
Altered Structure and Intrinsic Functional Connectivity in Post-stroke Aphasia.
Three shades of grey: detecting brain abnormalities in children with autism using source-, voxel- and surface-based morphometry.
Reduced white matter integrity in borderline personality disorder: A diffusion tensor imaging study.
Rapid whole-brain resting-state fMRI at 3 T: Efficiency-optimized three-dimensional EPI versus repetition time-matched simultaneous-multi-slice EPI.
Functional brain networks for learning predictive statistics.
Bilingual Cortical Control of Between- and Within-Language Competition
Signal processing of functional NIRS data acquired during overt speaking
An altered scaffold for information processing: Cognitive control development in adolescents with autism.
Alterations in regional homogeneity of resting-state cerebral activity in patients with chronic prostatitis/chronic pelvic pain syndrome.
Dissociable intrinsic functional networks support noun-object and verb-action processing.
How Situational Context Impacts Empathic Responses and Brain Activation Patterns.
Cortical Activation during Action Observation, Action Execution, and Interpersonal Synchrony in Adults: A functional Near-Infrared Spectroscopy (fNIRS) Study
A Single Session of rTMS Enhances Small-Worldness in Writer's Cramp: Evidence from Simultaneous EEG-fMRI Multi-Modal Brain Graph.
Neural Patterns of Reorganization after Intensive Robot-Assisted Virtual Reality Therapy and Repetitive Task Practice in Patients with Chronic Stroke
Brain reactivity to visual food stimuli after moderate-intensity exercise in children.
Phonological memory in sign language relies on the visuomotor neural system outside the left hemisphere language network.
Brain regions involved in observing and trying to interpret dog behaviour.
Brain responses to vestibular pain and its anticipation in women with Genito-Pelvic Pain/Penetration Disorder.
Distinct Brain Metabolic Patterns Separately Associated with Cognition, Motor Function, and Aging in Parkinson's Disease Dementia
The neural development of conditional reasoning in children: Different mechanisms for assessing the logical validity and likelihood of conclusions.
Neural Activity Patterns in the Human Brain Reflect Tactile Stickiness Perception.
Alpha/Theta Neurofeedback Increases Mentalization and Default Mode Network Connectivity in a Non-Clinical Sample.
Increased anterior default-mode network homogeneity in first-episode, drug-naive major depressive disorder: A replication study.
Qualitative differences in offline improvement of procedural memory by daytime napping and overnight sleep: An fMRI study.
Robust inter-subject audiovisual decoding in functional magnetic resonance imaging using high-dimensional regression.
Altered brain activity and the effect of personality traits in excessive smartphone use during facial emotion processing
When three is greater than five: EEG and fMRI signatures of errors in numerical and physical comparisons.
Long‐term effects of cognitive rehabilitation on brain, functional outcome and cognition in Parkinson's disease
Cognitive performance in mid-stage Parkinson's disease: functional connectivity under chronic antiparkinson treatment.
Visuo-spatial orienting during active exploratory behavior: Processing of task-related and stimulus-related signals.
A Novel Feature-Map Based ICA Model for Identifying the Individual, Intra/Inter-Group Brain Networks across Multiple fMRI Datasets.
A Computational Model for the Automatic Diagnosis of Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder Based on Functional Brain Volume
Gender Differences in the Perception of Personalized Half-Nude Female Bodies
Reward-Related Neural Correlates of Antisocial Behavior and Callous-Unemotional Traits in Young Men.
Multimodal Investigation of Network Level Effects Using Intrinsic Functional Connectivity, Anatomical Covariance, and Structure-to-Function Correlations in Unmedicated Major Depressive Disorder
Whole-brain high in-plane resolution fMRI using accelerated EPIK for enhanced characterisation of functional areas at 3T
Dynamic range in BOLD modulation: lifespan aging trajectories and association with performance.
Disrupted amygdala-prefrontal connectivity during emotion regulation links stress-reactive rumination and adolescent depressive symptoms.
Visual Experience Shapes the Neural Networks Remapping Touch into External Space.
The effect of sleep restriction on empathy for pain: An fMRI study in younger and older adults
Predictive processing increases intelligibility of acoustically distorted speech: Behavioral and neural correlates
Dynamic changes in large-scale functional network organization during autobiographical memory retrieval.
Neural activity associated with repetitive simulation of episodic counterfactual thoughts.
Weak Higher-Order Interactions in Macroscopic Functional Networks of the Resting Brain.
Neural correlates of conventional and harm/welfare-based moral decision-making.
Dynamic Causal Modeling of the Cortical Responses to Wrist Perturbations
Inattention Predicts Increased Thickness of Left Occipital Cortex in Men with Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder
Functional hemispheric asymmetries during the planning and manual control of virtual avatar movements.
Comparing abnormalities of amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations in multiple system atrophy and idiopathic Parkinson's disease measured with resting-state fMRI.
Unseen scars: Cocaine patients with prior trauma evidence heightened resting state functional connectivity (RSFC) between the amygdala and limbic-striatal regions.
Brain encoding of saltatory velocity through a pulsed pneumotactile array in the lower face.
Neural Correlates of Consumer Buying Motivations: A 7T functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging (fMRI) Study.
Distributed Neural Processing Predictors of Multi-dimensional Properties of Affect.
Altered Behavioral and Autonomic Pain Responses in Alzheimer’s Disease Are Associated with Dysfunctional Affective, Self-Reflective and Salience Network Resting-State Connectivity
Auditory attention enhances processing of positive and negative words in inferior and superior prefrontal cortex.
Altered functional connectivity in patients with post-stroke memory impairment: A resting fMRI study
Alpha band event-related desynchronization underlying social situational context processing during irony comprehension: A magnetoencephalography source localization study.
Structural characteristics of the brain reward circuit regions in patients with bipolar I disorder: A voxel-based morphometric study.
Neural bases of action abstraction.
Bilateral dorsal fronto-parietal areas are associated with integration of visual motion information and timed motor action.
Age-Related Changes in Perirhinal Cortex Sensitivity to Configuration and Part Familiarity and Connectivity to Visual Cortex
Reduced Neural Recruitment for Bayesian Adjustment of Inhibitory Control in Methamphetamine Dependence.
Neuroimaging of decoding and language comprehension in young very low birth weight (VLBW) adolescents: Indications for compensatory mechanisms.
Development of Right-hemispheric Dominance of Inferior Parietal Lobule in Proprioceptive Illusion Task
Abnormal functional integration across core brain networks in migraine without aura
Neural network integration during the perception of in-group and out-group members.
Advantages of cortical surface reconstruction using submillimeter 7 T MEMPRAGE.
Habit strength is predicted by activity dynamics in goal-directed brain systems during training.
Connectivity of the hippocampus and Broca's area during acquisition of a novel grammar.
Exploration of changes in the brain response to sleep-related pictures after cognitive–behavioral therapy for psychophysiological insomnia
Serotonin-1A receptor C-1019G polymorphism affects brain functional networks
Altered Functional Connectivity Density in Subtypes of Parkinson's Disease.
The processing of animacy information is disrupted as a function of callous-unemotional traits in youth with disruptive behavior disorders.
Structurofunctional resting-state networks correlate with motor function in chronic stroke.
Cortical thickness and trait empathy in patients and people at high risk for alcohol use disorders.
Dynamic Trial-by-Trial Recoding of Task-Set Representations in the Frontoparietal Cortex Mediates Behavioral Flexibility.
Neural evidence for defective top-down control of visual processing in Parkinson's and Alzheimer's disease.
Cortical cores in network dynamics.
Decreased Triple Network Connectivity in Patients with Recent Onset Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder after a Single Prolonged Trauma Exposure
Multidisciplinary Rehabilitation is Efficacious and Induces Neural Plasticity in Multiple Sclerosis even when Complicated by Progressive Multifocal Leukoencephalopathy
Minimal group membership biases early neural processing of emotional expressions.
Unaware Processing of Tools in the Neural System for Object-Directed Action Representation.
Time is nothing: emotional consistency of autobiographical memory and its neural basis.
Contrasting resting-state fMRI abnormalities from sickle and non-sickle anemia.
Emotional intelligence is associated with connectivity within and between resting state networks
Neural correlates of empathic accuracy in adolescence.
Activity alterations in the bed nucleus of the stria terminalis and amygdala during threat anticipation in generalized anxiety disorder.
Human substantia nigra and ventral tegmental area involvement in computing social error signals during the ultimatum game.
Neural correlates of inhibitory spillover in adolescence: associations with internalizing symptoms
Unique Neural Characteristics of Atypical Lateralization of Language in Healthy Individuals.
Importance Modulates the Temporal Features of Self-Referential Processing: An Event-Related Potential Study
Cortical Substrate of Supraspinal Fatigue following Exhaustive Aerobic Exercise Localizes to a Large Cluster in the Anterior Premotor Cortex
Fatigue and Cognitive Fatigability in Mild Traumatic Brain Injury are Correlated with Altered Neural Activity during Vigilance Test Performance
Mean and variability in functional brain activations differentially predict executive function in older adults: an investigation employing functional near-infrared spectroscopy
Neuroticism and Individual Differences in Neural Function in Unmedicated Major Depression: Findings from the EMBARC Study.
Population Dynamics of Early Visual Cortex during Working Memory.
Brain Networks Related to Beta Oscillatory Activity during Episodic Memory Retrieval.
The Dorsal Attention Network Reflects Both Encoding Load and Top-down Control during Working Memory.
Pleasure attainment or self-realization: the balance between two forms of well-beings are encoded in default mode network
Relationship status and perceived support in the social regulation of neural responses to threat
The role of the temporoparietal junction (TPJ) in action observation: Agent detection rather than visuospatial transformation.
Bilateral parietal activations for complex visual-spatial functions: Evidence from a visual-spatial construction task.
Exploring the neural substrates of misinformation processing.
White matter and schizophrenia: A meta-analysis of voxel-based morphometry and diffusion tensor imaging studies.
Neural dysfunction during temporal discounting in paediatric Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder and Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder.
Age related prefrontal compensatory mechanisms for inhibitory control in the antisaccade task.
Topiramate modulates trigeminal pain processing in thalamo-cortical networks in humans after single dose administration.
Neural activity during affect labeling predicts expressive writing effects on well-being: GLM and SVM approaches
Preschool negative emotionality predicts activity and connectivity of the fusiform face area and amygdala in later childhood
Neural predictors of emotional inertia in daily life
Neural correlates of moral judgment in pedophilia
Aberrant resting-state cerebellar blood flow in major depression.
The resting perfusion pattern associates with functional decline in type 2 diabetes.
Affective blindsight relies on low spatial frequencies.
Increased Subjective Distaste and Altered Insula Activity to Umami Tastant in Patients with Bulimia Nervosa
Vigilance, the Amygdala, and Anxiety in Youths with a History of Institutional Care.
Parsing the neural correlates of anxious apprehension and anxious arousal in the grey-matter of healthy youth.
Conflict detection and resolution rely on a combination of common and distinct cognitive control networks.
College Binge Drinking Associated with Decreased Frontal Activation to Negative Emotional Distractors during Inhibitory Control
Neural correlates of the lexicality effect in children.
Is negative self-referent bias an endophenotype for depression? An fMRI study of emotional self-referent words in twins at high vs. low risk of depression.
Effect of Error Augmentation on Brain Activation and Motor Learning of a Complex Locomotor Task.
Grey and white matter differences in Chronic Fatigue Syndrome – A voxel-based morphometry study
Learning to tie the knot: The acquisition of functional object representations by physical and observational experience.
Reduced resting state connectivity and gray matter volume correlate with cognitive impairment in minimal hepatic encephalopathy
Differential cortical contribution of syntax and semantics: An fMRI study on two-word phrasal processing.
Correlation of Pain Reduction with fMRI BOLD Response in Osteoarthritis Patients Treated with Paracetamol: Randomized, Double-Blind, Crossover Clinical Efficacy Study
Cannabis Dampens the Effects of Music in Brain Regions Sensitive to Reward and Emotion
“Loser” or “Popular”?: Neural response to social status words in adolescents with major depressive disorder
Thinner cortex in patients with subjective cognitive decline is associated with steeper decline of memory.
Structural changes in brain morphology induced by brief periods of repetitive sensory stimulation.
Do You Believe It? Verbal Suggestions Influence the Clinical and Neural Effects of Escitalopram in Social Anxiety Disorder: A Randomized Trial
Heavy Drinking in College Students Is Associated with Accelerated Gray Matter Volumetric Decline over a 2 Year Period
Is Congenital Amusia a Disconnection Syndrome? A Study Combining Tract- and Network-Based Analysis
Altered Local Spatiotemporal Consistency of Resting-State BOLD Signals in Patients with Generalized Tonic-Clonic Seizures
Divergent effects of oxytocin on (para-)limbic reactivity to emotional and neutral scenes in females with and without borderline personality disorder
Behavioral pattern separation and its link to the neural mechanisms of fear generalization
Neurobiological Commonalities and Distinctions Among Three Major Psychiatric Diagnostic Categories: A Structural MRI Study.
Hippotherapy and neurofeedback training effect on the brain function and serum brain-derived neurotrophic factor level changes in children with attention-deficit or/and hyperactivity disorder
A Study of the Brain Abnormalities of Post-Stroke Depression in Frontal Lobe Lesion
Implicit attitudes and executive control interact to regulate interest in extra-pair relationships.
Comparison of brain connectivity between Internet gambling disorder and Internet gaming disorder: A preliminary study
Resting-state functional connectivity in combat veterans suffering from impulsive aggression
Oxytocin effects on self-referential processing: behavioral and neuroimaging evidence.
From provocation to aggression: the neural network
Gender Differences in Behavioral and Neural Responses to Unfairness Under Social Pressure
Transcranial magnetic stimulation of right inferior parietal cortex causally influences prefrontal activation for visual detection.
Shared and Disorder-Specific Neurocomputational Mechanisms of Decision-Making in Autism Spectrum Disorder and Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder
Postpartum depressive symptoms moderate the link between mothers’ neural response to positive faces in reward and social regions and observed caregiving
Influence of DARPP-32 genetic variation on BOLD activation to happy faces.
Distinct processing of ambiguous speech in people with non-clinical auditory verbal hallucinations.
Impaired Feedback Processing for Symbolic Reward in Individuals with Internet Game Overuse
Instrumental learning and cognitive flexibility processes are impaired in children exposed to early life stress
Less is more: neural mechanisms underlying anomia treatment in chronic aphasic patients
Cortical-hippocampal functional connectivity during covert consolidation sub-serves associative learning: Evidence for an active "rest" state.
Altered mGluR5 binding potential and glutamine concentration in the 6-OHDA rat model of acute Parkinson's disease and levodopa-induced dyskinesia.
The spatio-temporal profile of multisensory integration.
Lobular patterns of cerebellar resting-state connectivity in adults with Autism Spectrum Disorder.
Resting-State fMRI findings in patients with first-Episode idiopathic epilepsy before and after treatment
Men with high serotonin 1B receptor binding respond to provocations with heightened amygdala reactivity.
Development of the Visual Word Form Area Requires Visual Experience: Evidence from Blind Braille Readers.
Baseline Levels of Rapid Eye Movement Sleep May Protect Against Excessive Activity in Fear-Related Neural Circuitry.
Reduced Apparent Diffusion Coefficient in Various Brain Areas following Low-Intensity Transcranial Ultrasound Stimulation.
Enhancing Innovation and Underlying Neural Mechanisms Via Cognitive Training in Healthy Older Adults
Loss of inhibition in sensorimotor networks in focal hand dystonia
Differential associations of metabolic risk factors on cortical thickness in metabolic syndrome
Changes in subcortical resting-state functional connectivity in patients with psychophysiological insomnia after cognitive-behavioral therapy: Changes in resting-state FC after CBT for insomnia patien
The Role of Visual Association Cortex in Associative Memory Formation across Development.
Mental flexibility: An MEG investigation in typically developing children.
Beyond the word and image: II- Structural and functional connectivity of a common semantic system.
Recruitment of Foveal Retinotopic Cortex During Haptic Exploration of Shapes and Actions in the Dark.
Abnormal functional connectivity of the posterior cingulate cortex is associated with depressive symptoms in patients with Alzheimer’s disease
Risk-taking, peer-influence and child maltreatment: a neurocognitive investigation
Love flows downstream: mothers’ and children’s neural representation similarity in perceiving distress of self and family
Language lateralization during the Chinese semantic task relates to the contralateral cerebra-cerebellar interactions at rest
The neural representation of human versus nonhuman bipeds and quadrupeds
Identifying motor functional neurological disorder using resting-state functional connectivity.
Investigating the impact of overnight fasting on intrinsic functional connectivity: a double-blind fMRI study.
Perceiving social interactions in the posterior superior temporal sulcus.
Neurodevelopmental Changes in Social Reinforcement Processing: A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Speech perception in autism spectrum disorder: An activation likelihood estimation meta-analysis.
Abnormal Resting-State Functional Connectivity of Insular Subregions and Disrupted Correlation with Working Memory in Adults with Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder
Relationship altered between functional T1ρ and BOLD signals in bipolar disorder
Neural correlates of Korean proverb processing: A functional magnetic resonance imaging study
External motivation to avoid prejudice alters neural responses to targets varying in race and status.
Strategic adaptation to non-reward prediction error qualities and irreducible uncertainty in fMRI.
Neurobiology of culturally common maternal responses to infant cry.
The neural correlates of visual imagery vividness - An fMRI study and literature review.
The neural correlates of apathy in schizophrenia: An exploratory investigation.
Positive reinforcement modulates fronto-limbic systems subserving emotional interference in adolescents.
Differential inter-subject correlation of brain activity when kinship is a variable in moral dilemma
The 5-HT2C receptor agonist meta-chlorophenylpiperazine (mCPP) reduces palatable food consumption and BOLD fMRI responses to food images in healthy female volunteers.
Increased engagement of the cognitive control network associated with music training in children during an fMRI Stroop task.
Reinstatement of memory representations for lifelike events over the course of a week
Network-specific resting-state connectivity changes in the premotor-parietal axis in writer's cramp.
Effect of Adolescent Bariatric Surgery on the Brain and Cognition: A Pilot Study
Neuroendocrine stress responses predict catecholamine-dependent working memory-related dorsolateral prefrontal cortex activity
Prognosis of Hippocampal Function after Sub-lethal Irradiation Brain Injury in Patients with Nasopharyngeal Carcinoma
A Study of the Brain Functional Network of Post-Stroke Depression in Three Different Lesion Locations
Getting the Joke: Insight during Humor Comprehension – Evidence from an fMRI Study
Determining the Neural Substrate for Encoding a Memory of Human Pain and the Influence of Anxiety.
Potential for social involvement modulates activity within the mirror and the mentalizing systems
Regional gray matter volume is associated with trait modesty: Evidence from voxel-based morphometry
Disrupted engagement of networks supporting hot and cold cognition in remitted major depressive disorder.
Locus Coeruleus Activity Mediates Hyperresponsiveness in Posttraumatic Stress Disorder.
Intermittent compared to continuous real-time fMRI neurofeedback boosts control over amygdala activation.
Distinct cerebellar regions related to motor and cognitive performance in SCA6 patients.
Imaging the pathoanatomy of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis in vivo: targeting a propagation-based biological marker
Acute induction of anxiety in humans by delta-9-tetrahydrocannabinol related to amygdalar cannabinoid-1 (CB1) receptors
Intrinsic Network Connectivity Patterns Underlying Specific Dimensions of Impulsiveness in Healthy Young Adults.
Amygdala Reward Reactivity Mediates the Association Between Preschool Stress Response and Depression Severity.
Functional and structural neural alterations in Internet gaming disorder: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Neural correlates for naming disadvantage of the dominant language in bilingual word production.
Consciously Feeling the Pain of Others Reflects Atypical Functional Connectivity between the Pain Matrix and Frontal-Parietal Regions.
Neural Responses to Smoking Cues in Schizophrenia.
Error Blindness and Motivational Significance: Shifts in Networks Centering on Anterior Insula Co-Vary with Error Awareness and Pupil Dilation.
Inter-individual differences in trait anxiety shape the functional connectivity between the bed nucleus of the stria terminalis and the amygdala during brief threat processing.
Distance-dependent alterations in local functional connectivity in drug-naive major depressive disorder.
How many deficits in the same dyslexic brains? A behavioural and fMRI assessment of comorbidity in adult dyslexics.
The evaluative role of rostrolateral prefrontal cortex in rule-based category learning.
Nocebo-induced modulation of cerebral itch processing - An fMRI study.
Overlapping frontoparietal networks for tactile and visual parametric working memory representations.
Magnetic resonance imaging of the human locus coeruleus: A systematic review.
Different patterns of age-related central olfactory decline in men and women as quantified by olfactory fMRI
Neural correlates of childhood trauma with executive function in young healthy adults
Altered anterior cingulate cortex to hippocampus effective connectivity in response to drug cues in men with cocaine use disorder.
Both hyper- and hypo-activation to cognitive challenge are associated with increased beta-amyloid deposition in healthy aging: A nonlinear effect.
Why Do Irrelevant Alternatives Matter? An fMRI-TMS Study of Context-Dependent Preferences.
Integrated cross-network connectivity of amygdala, insula, and subgenual cingulate associated with facial emotion perception in healthy controls and remitted major depressive disorder.
Overlapping and distinct neural correlates of imitating and opposing facial movements.
Verbal working memory and functional large-scale networks in schizophrenia.
A lesion model of envy and Schadenfreude: legal, deservingness and moral dimensions as revealed by neurodegeneration
Brain gray matter abnormalities in progressive supranuclear palsy revisited
Chemotherapy-induced changes of cerebral activity in resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging and cerebral white matter in diffusion tensor imaging
Altered putamen functional connectivity is associated with anxiety disorder in Parkinson's disease
Altered DMN functional connectivity and regional homogeneity in partial epilepsy patients: a seventy cases study
Neuroanatomical correlates of time perspective: A voxel-based morphometry study.
Reliability of functional magnetic resonance imaging activation during working memory in a multisite study: Clarification and implications for statistical power.
Neural Representations of Hierarchical Rule Sets: The Human Control System Represents Rules Irrespective of the Hierarchical Level to Which They Belong.
Tablet-Based Functional MRI of the Trail Making Test: Effect of Tablet Interaction Mode.
Increased resting-state global functional connectivity density of default mode network in schizophrenia subjects treated with electroconvulsive therapy.
Brain Activation in Response to Personalized Behavioral and Physiological Feedback From Self-Monitoring Technology: Pilot Study
Altered corticostriatal pathway in first-episode paranoid schizophrenia: Resting-state functional and causal connectivity analyses.
The neuronal network involved in self-attribution of an artificial hand: A lesion network-symptom-mapping study.
Fast Neural Dynamics of Proactive Cognitive Control in a Task-Switching Analogue of the Wisconsin Card Sorting Test.
What can DTI tell about early cognitive impairment? - Differentiation between MCI subtypes and healthy controls by diffusion tensor imaging.
The positive effects of Xueshuan Xinmai tablets on brain functional connectivity in acute ischemic stroke: a placebo controlled randomized trial
Longitudinal effects of cognitive behavioral therapy for depression on the neural correlates of emotion regulation.
Neural correlates of quantity processing of Chinese numeral classifiers.
Insular subdivisions functional connectivity dysfunction within major depressive disorder.
Neural substrate of unrelenting negative symptoms in schizophrenia: a longitudinal resting-state fMRI study.
Time and psychostimulants: Opposing long-term structural effects in the adult ADHD brain. A longitudinal MR study.
Alterations of brain volumes in women with early life maltreatment and their associations with oxytocin.
The semantic system is involved in mathematical problem solving.
Multimodal integration of spontaneously produced representational co-speech gestures: an fMRI study.
Not Doomed to Repeat: Enhanced Medial Prefrontal Cortex Tracking of Errors Promotes Adaptive Behavior during Adolescence.
Ventrolateral Prefrontal Cortex Updates Chosen Value According to Choice Set Size.
Temporal gradient during famous face naming is associated with lower cerebral blood flow and gray matter volume in aging.
Altered connectivity patterns among resting state networks in patients with ischemic white matter lesions.
Common and distinct structural features of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder: The European Network on Psychosis, Affective disorders and Cognitive Trajectory (ENPACT) study.
Altered resting-state functional activity in isolated pontine infarction patients with pathological laughing and crying
Functional resonance magnetic imaging (fMRI) in adolescents with idiopathic musculoskeletal pain: a paradigm of experimental pain
Affective blindsight in the absence of input from face processing regions in occipital-temporal cortex.
The persuasion network is modulated by drug-use risk and predicts anti-drug message effectiveness.
Quantifying indices of short- and long-range white matter connectivity at each cortical vertex
Autistic traits modulate the activity of the ventromedial prefrontal cortex in response to female faces.
Functional connectivity during affective mentalizing in criminal offenders with psychotic disorders: Associations with clinical symptoms.
A Haplotype Associated with Enhanced Mineralocorticoid Receptor Expression Facilitates the Stress-Induced Shift from “Cognitive” to “Habit” Learning
New brain lesions with no impact on physical disability can impact cognition in early multiple sclerosis: A ten-year longitudinal study
Virtually ‘in the heat of the moment’: insula activation in safe sex negotiation among risky men
The effects of sleep on the neural correlates of pattern separation.
Abnormal brain activation during threatening face processing in schizophrenia: A meta-analysis of functional neuroimaging studies.
Down-regulation of amygdala response to infant crying: A role for distraction in maternal emotion regulation.
Pattern recognition of magnetic resonance imaging-based gray matter volume measurements classifies bipolar disorder and major depressive disorder.
Abnormal amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations associated with rapid-eye movement in chronic primary insomnia patients
Disruption of default mode network dynamics in acute and chronic pain states.
A key role of the prefrontal cortex in the maintenance of chronic tinnitus: An fMRI study using a Stroop task.
Preliminary evidence for differential olfactory and trigeminal processing in combat veterans with and without PTSD.
Neural correlates of working memory deficits and associations to response inhibition in obsessive compulsive disorder.
Gray matter atrophy patterns in multiple sclerosis: A 10-year source-based morphometry study
Local and distant relationships between amyloid, tau and neurodegeneration in Alzheimer's Disease
Functional rostro-caudal gradient in the human posterior lateral frontal cortex.
Left Inferior Frontal Gyrus Sensitivity to Phonetic Competition in Receptive Language Processing: A Comparison of Clear and Conversational Speech.
Modulation of Neural Oscillatory Activity during Dynamic Face Processing.
Neural Mechanisms of Episodic Retrieval Support Divergent Creative Thinking.
The Hierarchical Organization of the Default, Dorsal Attention and Salience Networks in Adolescents and Young Adults
Meta-analysis of regional white matter volume in bipolar disorder with replication in an independent sample using coordinates, T-maps, and individual MRI data
Intrinsic insula network engagement underlying children's reading and arithmetic skills.
Electrical Neuroimaging of Music Processing Reveals Mid-Latency Changes with Level of Musical Expertise.
Brain Networks Implicated in Seasonal Affective Disorder: A Neuroimaging PET Study of the Serotonin Transporter
Neural Correlates of Rewarded Response Inhibition in Youth at Risk for Problematic Alcohol Use.
Tai Chi Chuan and Baduanjin Mind-Body Training Changes Resting-State Low-Frequency Fluctuations in the Frontal Lobe of Older Adults: A Resting-State fMRI Study.
The Role of Motivation in Cognitive Reappraisal for Depressed Patients.
Frequency-Specific Abnormalities of Intrinsic Functional Connectivity Strength among Patients with Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Disrupted Functional Connectivity of Basal Ganglia across Tremor-Dominant and Akinetic/Rigid-Dominant Parkinson’s Disease
Network-level dysconnectivity in patients with nasopharyngeal carcinoma (NPC) early post-radiotherapy: longitudinal resting state fMRI study.
Gray matter morphological anomalies in the cerebellar vermis in first-episode schizophrenia patients with cognitive deficits
Intelligence is associated with the modular structure of intrinsic brain networks
Encoding of menstrual pain experience with theta oscillations in women with primary dysmenorrhea
Disorder-Specific and Shared Brain Abnormalities During Vigilance in Autism and Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder
Hypoactivation and Dysconnectivity of a Frontostriatal Circuit During Goal-Directed Planning as an Endophenotype for Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder
What Are You Doing With That Object? Comparing the Neural Responses of Action Understanding in Adolescents With and Without Autism.
Functional connectivity between salience, default mode and frontoparietal networks in post-stroke depression.
Neural bases of ingroup altruistic motivation in soccer fans
Evidence for unconscious regulation of performance in fatigue
Associating a product with a luxury brand label modulates neural reward processing and favors choices in materialistic individuals
Aberrant perfusion and its connectivity within default mode network of first-episode drug-naïve schizophrenia patients and their unaffected first-degree relatives
Structural whole-brain covariance of the anterior and posterior hippocampus: Associations with age and memory.
The association between brain activity and motor imagery during motor illusion induction by vibratory stimulation
Profiling risk for depressive disorder by circuit, behavior and self-report measures of emotion function.
Associations of neurofunctional, morphometric and metabolic abnormalities with clinical symptom severity and recognition deficit in obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Brain substrates of early (4h) cigarette abstinence: Identification of treatment targets.
Neural simulation mechanisms and social-emotional function in schizophrenia.
Brain activity elicited by viewing pictures of the own virtually amputated body predicts xenomelia.
Prefrontal glutamatergic emotion regulation is disturbed in cluster B and C personality disorders - A combined H/P-MR spectroscopic study.
Brain correlates of constituent structure in sign language comprehension.
Making sense of objects lying around: How contextual objects shape brain activity during action observation.
Brainstem Pain-Control Circuitry Connectivity in Chronic Neuropathic Pain.
Biased and unbiased perceptual decision-making on vocal emotions
The Neural Basis of Changing Social Norms through Persuasion
Distinct neural substrates of visuospatial and verbal-analytic reasoning as assessed by Raven’s Advanced Progressive Matrices
The influence of transcranial alternating current stimulation (tACS) on fluid intelligence: An fMRI study
Domain-general subregions of the medial prefrontal cortex contribute to recovery of language after stroke
The influence of early life stress on the integration of emotion and working memory.
Dissociable Electroencephalograph Correlates of Visual Awareness and Feature-Based Attention
Age-Related Brain Activation Changes during Rule Repetition in Word-Matching.
Disentangling brain activity related to the processing of emotional visual information and emotional arousal.
Nicotine-induced activation of caudate and anterior cingulate cortex in response to errors in schizophrenia.
Exploring the reproducibility of functional connectivity alterations in Parkinson's disease.
Age-related changes in the neural networks supporting semantic cognition: A meta-analysis of 47 functional neuroimaging studies.
Development of corticostriatal connectivity constrains goal-directed behavior during adolescence
Attractiveness Modulates Neural Processing of Infant Faces Differently in Males and Females.
Pronounced Structural and Functional Damage in Early Adult Pediatric-Onset Multiple Sclerosis with No or Minimal Clinical Disability
Music models aberrant rule decoding and reward valuation in dementia
The influence of perceptual similarity and individual differences on false memories in aging.
Reduced functional connectivity of fronto-parietal sustained attention networks in severe childhood abuse.
Aberrant pattern of regional cerebral blood flow in Alzheimer's disease: a voxel-wise meta-analysis of arterial spin labeling MR imaging studies
The spatiotemporal pattern of pure tone processing: A single-trial EEG-fMRI study.
Preterm birth leads to hyper-reactive cognitive control processing and poor white matter organization in adulthood.
Functional connectivity in dementia with Lewy bodies: A within‐ and between‐network analysis
Neural correlates of processing sentences and compound words in Chinese.
Arterial spin labeling perfusion MRI signal denoising using robust principal component analysis.
Altered resting-state brain activity in Parkinson’s disease patients with freezing of gait
Intuitive physics ability in systemizers relies on differential use of the internalizing system and long-term spatial representations.
Disruption of Semantic Network in Mild Alzheimer’s Disease Revealed by Resting-State fMRI
To create or to recall original ideas: Brain processes associated with the imagination of novel object uses.
The neural signature of self-concept development in adolescence: The role of domain and valence distinctions.
Analysis of white matter characteristics with tract-based spatial statistics according to diffusion tensor imaging in early Parkinson's disease.
Abnormal regional spontaneous neural activity in visual pathway in retinal detachment patients: a resting-state functional MRI study
Regulation of Brown Adipose Tissue Activity by Interoceptive CNS Pathways: The interaction between Brain and Periphery.
Object words modulate the activity of the mirror neuron system during action imitation
Visual feedback alters force control and functional activity in the visuomotor network after stroke.
Relationships between brain metabolite levels, functional connectivity, and negative mood in urologic chronic pelvic pain syndrome patients compared to controls: A MAPP research network study
Promoter haplotypes of interleukin-10 gene linked to cortex plasticity in subjects with risk of Alzheimer's disease.
Regional patterns of gray matter volume, hypometabolism, and beta-amyloid in groups at risk of Alzheimer's disease.
Effects of intentionality and subliminal information in free-choices to inhibit.
Brain Structural Bases of Tendency to Forgive: evidence from a young adults sample using voxel-based morphometry
Distributed neural representation of saliency controlled value and category during anticipation of rewards and punishments
Task relevance modulates the behavioural and neural effects of sensory predictions
Functional and spatial segregation within the inferior frontal and superior temporal cortices during listening, articulation imagery, and production of vowels
Dynamics of Intersubject Brain Networks during Anxious Anticipation
The Neural Association between Tendency to Forgive and Spontaneous Brain Activity in Healthy Young Adults.
Decreased Complexity in Alzheimer's Disease: Resting-State fMRI Evidence of Brain Entropy Mapping
Neural Basis of Enhanced Executive Function in Older Video Game Players: An fMRI Study
Altered Brain Functional Connectivity in Betel Quid-Dependent Chewers
Decreased Left Putamen and Thalamus Volume Correlates with Delusions in First-Episode Schizophrenia Patients
The Neural Basis of Successful Word Reading in Aphasia.
Differences in brain gray matter volume in patients with Crohn’s disease with and without abdominal pain
Musical Imagery Involves Wernicke’s Area in Bilateral and Anti-Correlated Network Interactions in Musicians
Neural correlates of lexical-semantic memory: A voxel-based morphometry study in mild AD, aMCI and normal aging
Impaired mixed emotion processing in the right ventrolateral prefrontal cortex in schizophrenia: an fMRI study
Retrieval Demands Adaptively Change Striatal Old/New Signals and Boost Subsequent Long-Term Memory.
Distributed Neural Activity Patterns during Human-to-Human Competition.
Pure correlates of exploration and exploitation in the human brain.
Neural correlates of motor-cognitive dual-tasking in young and old adults.
Distinguishable memory retrieval networks for collaboratively and non-collaboratively learned information.
Giving others the option of choice: An fMRI study on low-cost cooperation.
Voluntary modulation of mental effort investment: an fMRI study
Impact of self-esteem and sex on stress reactions
The impact of psychosis on brain anatomy in bipolar disorder: A structural MRI study.
Striking a chord with healthy aging: memory system cooperation is related to preserved configural response learning in older adults.
Network analysis reveals disrupted functional brain circuitry in drug-naive social anxiety disorder.
Correlation between Traits of Emotion-Based Impulsivity and Intrinsic Default-Mode Network Activity
Orbitofrontal cortex activity and connectivity predict future depression symptoms in adolescence.
Sex Hormones Modulate the Relationship Between Global Advantage, Lateralization, and Interhemispheric Connectivity in a Navon Paradigm
An insulin resistance associated neural correlate of impulsivity in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Brain-to-brain hyperclassification reveals action-specific motor mapping of observed actions in humans.
Obligatory and facultative brain regions for voice-identity recognition
Structural connectivity of right frontal hyperactive areas scales with stuttering severity
The Dancing Brain: Structural and Functional Signatures of Expert Dance Training.
Up-regulation of DMN Connectivity in Mild Cognitive Impairment Via Network-based Cognitive Training
Right anterior cerebellum BOLD responses reflect age related changes in Simon task sequential effects.
Olfactory cortex and Olfactory bulb volume alterations in patients with post-infectious Olfactory loss.
The intraparietal sulcus governs multisensory integration of audiovisual information based on task difficulty.
Age-related reduction of adaptive brain response during semantic integration is associated with gray matter reduction.
Neural correlates of gentle skin stroking in early infancy.
The neural network for face recognition: Insights from an fMRI study on developmental prosopagnosia.
The effects of dopaminergic D2-like receptor stimulation upon behavioral and neural correlates of renewal depend on individual context processing propensities.
Action, observation or imitation of virtual hand movement affect differently regions of the mirror neuron system and the default mode network.
Neural processing of food and monetary rewards is modulated by metabolic state.
Aberrant baseline brain activity in psychogenic erectile dysfunction patients: a resting state fMRI study.
Differences in regional grey matter volumes in currently ill patients with anorexia nervosa.
Memory Contextualization: The Role of Prefrontal Cortex in Functional Integration across Item and Context Representational Regions.
Practice effects in healthy older adults: Implications for treatment-induced neuroplasticity in Aphasia.
Simultaneous EEG-fMRI reveals attention-dependent coupling of early face processing with a distributed cortical network.
Exploring Feature Dimensions to Learn a New Policy in an Uninformed Reinforcement Learning Task
Getting a handle on virtual tools: An examination of the neuronal activity associated with virtual tool use.
Higher order thalamic nuclei resting network connectivity in early schizophrenia and major depressive disorder.
Action simulation and mirroring in children with autism spectrum disorders.
Regional and long-range neural synchronization abnormality during passive hyperthermia.
Contrasting functional imaging parametric maps: The mislocation problem and alternative solutions.
Affective value, intensity and quality of liquid tastants/food discernment in the human brain: An activation likelihood estimation meta-analysis.
Towards a neuro-computational account of prism adaptation
Resting state fMRI studies in SPG4-linked hereditary spastic paraplegia.
Effects of Field-Map Distortion Correction on Resting State Functional Connectivity MRI.
Perceived Conventionality in Co-speech Gestures Involves the Fronto-Temporal Language Network.
The Mirror Neurons Network in Aging, Mild Cognitive Impairment, and Alzheimer Disease: A functional MRI Study
Behavioral and Neuroimaging Evidence for Facial Emotion Recognition in Elderly Korean Adults with Mild Cognitive Impairment, Alzheimer’s Disease, and Frontotemporal Dementia
Through your eyes or mine? The neural correlates of mental state recognition in Huntington's disease.
Longitudinal Alterations of Frontoparietal and Frontotemporal Networks Predict Future Creative Cognitive Ability.
Adolescent cannabis use and brain systems supporting adult working memory encoding, maintenance, and retrieval.
Brain signal variability is modulated as a function of internal and external demand in younger and older adults.
Fear processing is differentially affected by lateralized stimulation of carotid baroreceptors.
A pilot resting-state functional connectivity study of the kynurenine pathway in adolescents with depression and healthy controls.
A Computational Account of Optimizing Social Predictions Reveals That Adolescents Are Conservative Learners in Social Contexts.
Spatial–temporal signature of resting-state BOLD signals in classic trigeminal neuralgia
Prefrontal-Amygdala Connectivity and State Anxiety during Fear Extinction Recall in Adolescents.
A Paleolithic Diet with and without Combined Aerobic and Resistance Exercise Increases Functional Brain Responses and Hippocampal Volume in Subjects with Type 2 Diabetes
Molecular and functional PET-fMRI measures of placebo analgesia in episodic migraine: Preliminary findings.
Neuroanatomical Correlates of Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation in Presymptomatic Granulin Mutation Carriers.
The impact of psychosis genome-wide associated ZNF804A variation on verbal fluency connectivity
The good, the bad, and the suffering. Transient emotional episodes modulate the neural circuits of pain and empathy.
Loss of inhibition in ipsilateral somatosensory areas following altered afferent nerve signaling from the hand.
Serotonergic and cholinergic modulation of functional brain connectivity: A comparison between young and older adults.
Subthalamic nucleus detects unnatural android movement
Frequency-Specific Functional Connectivity Density as an Effective Biomarker for Adolescent Generalized Anxiety Disorder
The neural basis of kinesthetic and visual imagery in sports: an ALE meta - analysis.
Attention Shifts Recruit the Monkey Default Mode Network.
Structural connections in the brain in relation to gender identity and sexual orientation
Brain hubs in lesion models: Predicting functional network topology with lesion patterns in patients
Altered intrinsic and extrinsic connectivity in schizophrenia.
Affective and cooperative social interactions modulate effective connectivity within and between the mirror and mentalizing systems.
White matter integrity alterations in post-traumatic stress disorder.
The neural dynamics of competition resolution for language production in the prefrontal cortex.
Neural mechanism and heritability of complex motor sequence and audiovisual integration: A healthy twin study.
Resting-state functional connectivity of the bed nucleus of the stria terminalis in post-traumatic stress disorder and its dissociative subtype.
Stereoscopic processing of crossed and uncrossed disparities in the human visual cortex
Abstinent Heroin Addicts Tend to Take Risks: ERP and Source Localization
White Matter Microstructural Changes Following Quadrato Motor Training: A Longitudinal Study
Functions of Learning Rate in Adaptive Reward Learning.
Altered task-based and resting-state amygdala functional connectivity following real-time fMRI amygdala neurofeedback training in major depressive disorder.
Multilevel convergence of interoceptive impairments in hypertension: New evidence of disrupted body-brain interactions.
Hallucination- and speech-specific hypercoupling in frontotemporal auditory and language networks in schizophrenia using combined task-based fMRI data: An fBIRN study.
Sparse coding reveals greater functional connectivity in female brains during naturalistic emotional experience.
Hippocampal Subregions Across the Psychosis Spectrum.
Disrupted functional connectivity of the amygdala is associated with depressive mood in type 2 diabetes patients.
Neural predictors of sensorimotor adaptation rate and savings.
Analytic tractography: A closed-form solution for estimating local white matter connectivity with diffusion MRI.
Neural circuitry underlying sustained attention in healthy adolescents and in ADHD symptomatology.
Handling or being the concept: An fMRI study on metonymy representations in coverbal gestures.
Altered regional and integrated resting-state brain activity in general social anxiety disorder patients before and after group cognitive behavior therapy.
Transdiagnostic deviant facial recognition for implicit negative emotion in autism and schizophrenia.
Trial-Level Regressor Modulation for Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Designs Requiring Strict Periodicity of Stimulus Presentations: Illustrated Using a Go/No-Go Task
Cross-sectional variations of white and grey matter in older hypertensive patients with subjective memory complaints.
A clinical-anatomical signature of Parkinson's disease identified with partial least squares and magnetic resonance imaging.
Heart rate variability associated with grey matter volumes in striatal and limbic structures of the central autonomic network.
Sex commonalities and differences in obesity-related alterations in intrinsic brain activity and connectivity
Cortical representation of different taste modalities on the gustatory cortex: A pilot study
Alteration of gray matter texture features over the whole brain in medication-overuse headache using a 3-dimentional texture analysis
Altered monetary loss processing and reinforcement-based learning in individuals with obesity.
Structural brain differences between monolingual and multilingual patients with mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer disease: Evidence for cognitive reserve.
Altered reward learning and hippocampal connectivity following psychosocial stress.
Detecting sub-second changes in brain activation patterns during interictal epileptic spike using simultaneous EEG-fMRI.
Anatomical and functional changes in the brain after simultaneous interpreting training: A longitudinal study.
Processing of affective and emotionally neutral tactile stimuli in the insular cortex.
Neurobiological Correlates and Predictors of Two Distinct Personality Trait Pathways to Escalated Alcohol Use.
Interferon-alpha-Induced Changes in NODDI Predispose to the Development of Fatigue
Reduced empathic responses for sexually objectified women: An fMRI investigation.
Cigarette smoking and schizophrenia independently and reversibly altered intrinsic brain activity.
Altered topological patterns of brain functional networks in Crohn's disease.
Neural correlates of subjective CS/UCS association in appetitive conditioning.
Responsibility modulates the neural correlates of regret during the sequential risk-taking task.
Behavioral and Brain Activity Indices of Cognitive Control Deficits in Binge Drinkers
Locus Coeruleus Activity Strengthens Prioritized Memories Under Arousal.
The neurobiology of self face recognition among depressed adolescents.
Decoding intentions of self and others from fMRI activity patterns.
Visual symptom provocation in skin picking disorder: an fMRI study.
Subclinical maternal depressive symptoms modulate right inferior frontal response to inferring affective mental states of adults but not of infants.
A face identity hallucination (palinopsia) generated by intracerebral stimulation of the face-selective right lateral fusiform cortex.
Earlier alcohol use onset prospectively predicts changes in functional connectivity.
Driving the brain towards creativity and intelligence: A network control theory analysis.
Brain Volume Correlates with Duration of Abstinence from Substance Abuse in a Region-Specific and Substance-Specific Manner.
The neural substrates of procrastination: A voxel-based morphometry study.
Alterations of the amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations in anxiety in Parkinson's disease.
Brain state flexibility accompanies motor-skill acquisition
Visual Short-Term Memory Activity in Parietal Lobe Reflects Cognitive Processes beyond Attentional Selection.
The Multiple-Demand System in the Novelty of Musical Improvisation: Evidence from an MRI Study on Composers.
Neural and Genetic Correlates of the Social Sharing of Happiness.
Uniformity and Deviation of Intra-axonal Cross-sectional Area Coverage of the Gray-to-White Matter Interface.
Deontological Dilemma Response Tendencies and Sensorimotor Representations of Harm to Others
Heightened Responses of the Parahippocampal and Retrosplenial Cortices during Contextualized Recognition of Congruent Objects
Dynamic Reconfiguration of the Supplementary Motor Area Network during Imagined Music Performance.
Default Network Activity Is Associated with Better Performance in a Vigilance Task.
Food-Related Odors Activate Dopaminergic Brain Areas.
Altered Volume and Functional Connectivity of the Habenula in Schizophrenia.
Resting State Default Mode Network Connectivity, Dual Task Performance, Gait Speed, and Postural Sway in Older Adults with Mild Cognitive Impairment
Attachment Security in Infancy: A Preliminary Study of Prospective Links to Brain Morphometry in Late Childhood
Increased Low-Frequency Resting-State Brain Activity by High-Frequency Repetitive TMS on the Left Dorsolateral Prefrontal Cortex
The neural correlates of alcohol-related aggression.
Motivation but not valence modulates neuroticism-dependent cingulate cortex and insula activity.
Default mode network modifications in Fabry disease: A resting-state fMRI study with structural correlations.
The regional homogeneity of cingulate-precuneus regions: The putative biomarker for depression and anxiety.
Specifying the role of the ventromedial prefrontal cortex in memory formation.
Refractive error is associated with intracranial volume
Speech Prosodies of Different Emotional Categories Activate Different Brain Regions in Adult Cortex: an fNIRS Study
Task Performance Changes the Amplitude and Timing of the BOLD Signal
Friend versus foe: Neural correlates of prosocial decisions for liked and disliked peers.
Image Registration to Compensate for EPI Distortion in Patients with Brain Tumors: An Evaluation of Tract-Specific Effects.
Patients with primary biliary cholangitis and fatigue present with depressive symptoms and selected cognitive deficits, but with normal attention performance and brain structure
Temporal and spectral characteristics of dynamic functional connectivity between resting-state networks reveal information beyond static connectivity.
Cerebellar grey matter modifications in lower limb amputees not using prosthesis
Cerebral gray matter volume in patients with chronic migraine: correlations with clinical features
Motor imagery training: Kinesthetic imagery strategy and inferior parietal fMRI activation.
Boys with conduct problems and callous-unemotional traits: Neural response to reward and punishment and associations with treatment response.
Taking two to tango: fMRI analysis of improvised joint action with physical contact.
Dysfunctional Prefrontal Function Is Associated with Impulsivity in People with Internet Gaming Disorder during a Delay Discounting Task
Impaired Emotional Mirroring in Parkinson’s Disease—A Study on Brain Activation during Processing of Facial Expressions
Learning situated emotions.
Neural Correlates of Sexual Orientation in Heterosexual, Bisexual, and Homosexual Women
Neuroanatomical correlates of grit: Growth mindset mediates the association between gray matter structure and trait grit in late adolescence.
Quantifying axonal responses in patient-specific models of subthalamic deep brain stimulation.
Mindfulness-related differences in neural response to own infant negative versus positive emotion contexts.
Cerebral changes and disrupted gray matter cortical networks in asymptomatic older adults at risk for Alzheimer's disease.
Time-resolved decoding of planned delayed and immediate prehension movements.
Grey and white matter volumes either in treatment-naïve or hormone-treated transgender women: a voxel-based morphometry study
Speed-related activation in the mesolimbic dopamine system during the observation of driver-view videos
Comparison of gray matter volume between migraine and “strict-criteria” tension-type headache
Effects of hunger state on the brain responses to food cues across the life span.
Neuronal populations in the occipital cortex of the blind synchronize to the temporal dynamics of speech
Gray and white matter changes and their relation to illness trajectory in first episode psychosis.
Differential activation of brain areas in children with developmental coordination disorder during tasks of manual dexterity: An ALE meta-analysis.
How context features modulate the involvement of the working memory system during discourse comprehension.
Studying emotion theories through connectivity analysis: Evidence from generalized psychophysiological interactions and graph theory.
The human body odor compound androstadienone increases neural conflict coupled to higher behavioral costs during an emotional Stroop task.
Insulin sensitivity predicts brain network connectivity following a meal.
Etiology of language network changes during recovery of aphasia after stroke
Cardiorespiratory fitness is associated with enhanced hippocampal functional connectivity in healthy young adults.
Prediction of activation patterns preceding hallucinations in patients with schizophrenia using machine learning with structured sparsity.
The medial temporal lobe functional connectivity patterns associated with forming different mental representations.
At the core of reasoning: Dissociating deductive and non-deductive load.
Human brain patterns underlying vigilant attention: impact of sleep debt, circadian phase and attentional engagement
Phantom Acupuncture Induces Placebo Credibility and Vicarious Sensations: A Parallel fMRI Study of Low Back Pain Patients
The neural correlates of the unified percept of alcohol-related craving: a fMRI and EEG study
Altered power spectral density in the resting-state sensorimotor network in patients with myotonic dystrophy type 1
Magnetoencephalographic Correlates of Perceptual State During Auditory Bistability
Motor signatures of emotional reactivity in frontotemporal dementia
A Longitudinal fMRI Research on Neural Plasticity and Sensory Outcome of Carpal Tunnel Syndrome
Family history of alcoholism and the human brain response to oral sucrose.
Abnormal neural hierarchy in processing of verbal information in patients with schizophrenia.
The morphometric co-atrophy networking of schizophrenia, autistic and obsessive spectrum disorders.
Structural Covariance of Gray Matter Volume in HIV Vertically Infected Adolescents
Longitudinal Brain Development of Numerical Skills in Typically Developing Children and Children with Developmental Dyscalculia.
Neural Correlates of Racial Ingroup Bias in Observing Computer-Animated Social Encounters.
Effects of Acute Alcohol Intoxication on Empathic Neural Responses for Pain.
Neural Correlates of Temporal Complexity and Synchrony during Audiovisual Correspondence Detection
Incorporating spatial constraint in co-activation pattern analysis to explore the dynamics of resting-state networks: An application to Parkinson's disease.
The effect of 5-HTTLPR and a serotonergic multi-marker score on amygdala, prefrontal and anterior cingulate cortex reactivity and habituation in a large, healthy fMRI cohort.
Altered Parietal Activation during Non-symbolic Number Comparison in Children with Prenatal Alcohol Exposure
Extinction of Conditioned Fear in Adolescents and Adults: A Human fMRI Study.
Neural correlates of lower limbs proprioception: An fMRI study of foot position matching.
Functional connectivity maps based on hippocampal and thalamic dynamics may account for the default-mode network.
Structure of the alexithymic brain: A parametric coordinate-based meta-analysis.
Investigating the neural basis of basic human movement perception using multi-voxel pattern analysis.
The retrosplenial cortex: A memory gateway between the cortical default mode network and the medial temporal lobe.
Move faster, think later: Women who play action video games have quicker visually-guided responses with later onset visuomotor-related brain activity.
Scholastic performance and functional connectivity of brain networks in children.
Altered Functional Connectivity of the Default Mode Network in Patients With Schizo-obsessive Comorbidity: A Comparison Between Schizophrenia and Obsessive-compulsive Disorder.
Neurobiological correlates of emotional intelligence in voice and face perception networks
A meta-analytical review of brain activity associated with intertemporal decisions: Evidence for an anterior-posterior tangibility axis.
Neural representations for newly learned words are modulated by overnight consolidation, reading skill, and age.
Human behavioural discrimination of human, chimpanzee and macaque affective vocalisations is reflected by the neural response in the superior temporal sulcus.
Social brain volume is associated with in-degree social network size among older adults
Brain Structure and Function in Women with Comorbid Bipolar and Premenstrual Dysphoric Disorder
Comparison of brain activity between motor imagery and mental rotation of the hand tasks: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Orthographic influence on spoken word identification: Behavioral and fMRI evidence.
The effect of feature-based attention on flanker interference processing: An fMRI-constrained source analysis
The rewarding nature of provocation-focused rumination in women with borderline personality disorder: a preliminary fMRI investigation
Grey matter structural differences in alcohol-dependent individuals with and without comorbid depression/anxiety-an MRI study.
Altered intrinsic brain activity and memory performance improvement in patients with end-stage renal disease during a single dialysis session.
Decoding auditory spatial and emotional information encoding using multivariate versus univariate techniques.
A Time-Varying Connectivity Analysis from Distributed EEG Sources: A Simulation Study
Aberrant Functional Network Connectivity as a Biomarker of Generalized Anxiety Disorder.
Functional Connectivity Alterations between Networks and Associations with Infant Immune Health within Networks in HIV Infected Children on Early Treatment: A Study at 7 Years.
Linear Representation of Emotions in Whole Persons by Combining Facial and Bodily Expressions in the Extrastriate Body Area.
Correlation of BOLD Signal with Linear and Nonlinear Patterns of EEG in Resting State EEG-Informed fMRI.
Salience Network and Depressive Severities in Parkinson’s Disease with Mild Cognitive Impairment: A Structural Covariance Network Analysis
Age-Modulated Associations between KIBRA, Brain Volume, and Verbal Memory among Healthy Older Adults
The Neural Basis of Social Influence in a Dictator Decision
Altered Neural Activity during Irony Comprehension in Unaffected First-Degree Relatives of Schizophrenia Patients—An fMRI Study
A Computerized Version of the Scrambled Sentences Test
Longitudinal Brain Functional Connectivity Changes of the Cortical Motor-Related Network in Subcortical Stroke Patients with Acupuncture Treatment
Alter spontaneous activity in amygdala and vmPFC during fear consolidation following 24h sleep deprivation.
A Collaborator's Reputation Can Bias Decisions and Anxiety under Uncertainty.
The functional and structural alterations of the striatum in chronic spontaneous urticaria
Neural correlates underlying change in state self-esteem
Categorization for Faces and Tools—Two Classes of Objects Shaped by Different Experience—Differs in Processing Timing, Brain Areas Involved, and Repetition Effects
A Common Function of Basal Ganglia-Cortical Circuits Subserving Speed in Both Motor and Cognitive Domains
Neural correlates of three cognitive processes involved in theory of mind and discourse comprehension.
Emergence of the neural network underlying phonological processing from the prereading to the emergent reading stage: A longitudinal study.
Extended amygdala connectivity changes during sustained shock anticipation
Similar neural responses predict friendship.
The auditory cortex hosts network nodes influential for emotion processing: An fMRI study on music-evoked fear and joy.
MRI Indices of Cortical Development in Young People With Psychotic Experiences: Influence of Genetic Risk and Persistence of Symptoms
Functional connectivity pattern underlies individual differences in independent self-construal
Should I Stay or Should I Go? FMRI Study of Response Inhibition in Early Illness Schizophrenia and Risk for Psychosis.
Altered intrinsic brain activities in patients with acute eye pain using amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation: a resting-state fMRI study
Altered low-frequency oscillation amplitude of resting state-fMRI in patients with discogenic low-back and leg pain
Weak but Critical Links between Primary Somatosensory Centers and Motor Cortex during Movement.
The Grass Might Be Greener: Medical Marijuana Patients Exhibit Altered Brain Activity and Improved Executive Function after 3 Months of Treatment
The hippocampal network model: A transdiagnostic metaconnectomic approach.
Knowledge supports memory retrieval through familiarity, not recollection.
Integrative and distinctive coding of visual and conceptual object features in the ventral visual stream
Disrupted salience processing involved in motivational deficits for real-life activities in patients with schizophrenia.
Reduced white matter connectivity associated with auditory verbal hallucinations in first-episode and chronic schizophrenia: A diffusion tensor imaging study.
Reversible Silencing of the Frontopolar Cortex Selectively Impairs Metacognitive Judgment on Non-experience in Primates.
Inter-subject synchrony as an index of functional specialization in early childhood
Effective connectivity within a triple network brain system discriminates schizophrenia spectrum disorders from psychotic bipolar disorder at the single-subject level.
Large-scale DCMs for resting-state fMRI
Musical training induces functional and structural auditory-motor network plasticity in young adults.
Classic Block Design "Pseudo"-Resting-State fMRI Changes After a Neurorehabilitation Program in Patients with Multiple Sclerosis.
The impact of age of onset on amygdala intrinsic connectivity in major depression
Training for Micrographia Alters Neural Connectivity in Parkinson's Disease.
Decoding Pedophilia: Increased Anterior Insula Response to Infant Animal Pictures.
Altered Regional Brain Cortical Thickness in Pediatric Obstructive Sleep Apnea
Cross multivariate correlation coefficients as screening tool for analysis of concurrent EEG‐fMRI recordings
Extrastriatal degeneration correlates with deficits in the motor domain subscales of the UHDRS.
Altered spontaneous brain activity in MRI-negative refractory temporal lobe epilepsy patients with major depressive disorder: A resting-state fMRI study.
Age-related differences in the neural correlates of empathy for pleasant and unpleasant touch in a female sample.
Individual differences in risk-taking tendencies modulate the neural processing of risky and ambiguous decision-making in adolescence.
Neural responses during the anticipation and receipt of olfactory reward and punishment in human.
Dissociating neural variability related to stimulus quality and response times in perceptual decision-making.
Intentionally not imitating: Insula cortex engaged for top-down control of action mirroring.
Neural correlates of novelty and appropriateness processing in externally induced constraint relaxation.
Polygenic risk for schizophrenia affects working memory and its neural correlates in healthy subjects.
Rule activation and ventromedial prefrontal engagement support accurate stopping in self-paced learning.
Music Intervention Leads to Increased Insular Connectivity and Improved Clinical Symptoms in Schizophrenia.
Abnormal Resting-State Functional Connectivity of the Anterior Cingulate Cortex in Unilateral Chronic Tinnitus Patients.
Neural Correlates of Drug-Related Attentional Bias in Heroin Dependence
Income change alters default mode network connectivity for adolescents in poverty.
Neural correlates of intimate picture stimuli in females.
Age-related differences in BOLD modulation to cognitive control costs in a multitasking paradigm: Global switch, local switch, and compatibility-switch costs.
Genetic Variation of a DRD2 Co-expression Network is Associated with Changes in Prefrontal Function After D2 Receptors Stimulation.
Asymmetric Functional Connectivity of the Contra- and Ipsilateral Secondary Somatosensory Cortex during Tactile Object Recognition.
The Default Mode Network Supports Episodic Memory in Cognitively Unimpaired Elderly Individuals: Different Contributions to Immediate Recall and Delayed Recall
Motor and extra-motor gray matter integrity may underlie neurophysiologic parameters of motor function in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis: a combined voxel-based morphometry and transcranial stimulation study.
Quantitative susceptibility mapping as a biomarker for evaluating white matter alterations in Parkinson's disease.
Inferring distinct mechanisms in the absence of subjective differences: Placebo and centrally acting analgesic underlie unique brain adaptations.
Self-Face Recognition Begins to Share Active Region in Right Inferior Parietal Lobule with Proprioceptive Illusion During Adolescence.
Gray matter deficits and altered resting-state connectivity in the superior temporal gyrus among individuals with problematic hypersexual behavior.
Associations of Bcl-2 rs956572 genotype groups in the structural covariance network in early-stage Alzheimer’s disease
Disrupted Brain Intrinsic Networks and Executive Dysfunction in Cirrhotic Patients without Overt Hepatic Encephalopathy
Exogenous vs. endogenous attention: Shifting the balance of fronto-parietal activity.
Neurodynamics and connectivity during facial fear perception: The role of threat exposure and signal congruity
Oxytocin curbs calorie intake via food-specific increases in the activity of brain areas that process reward and establish cognitive control
Neural mechanisms underlying subsequent memory for personal beliefs:An fMRI study.
Neural and behavioral correlates of negative self-focused thought associated with depression.
Regional cerebral blood flow predictors of relapse and resilience in substance use recovery: A coordinate-based meta-analysis of human neuroimaging studies.
Brain activations supporting linking of action phases in a sequential manual task.
Temporal recalibration of motor and visual potentials in lag adaptation in voluntary movement.
Distinct neural engagement during implicit and explicit regulation of negative stimuli.
Altered fear processing in adolescents with a history of severe childhood maltreatment: an fMRI study
Reduced Blood Oxygenation Level Dependent Connectivity Is Related to Hypoperfusion in Alzheimer's Disease
Brain entropy and human intelligence: A resting-state fMRI study.
Sleep quality and adolescent default mode network connectivity
Suppress to feel and remember less: Neural correlates of explicit and implicit emotional suppression on perception and memory.
Self-construals moderate associations between trait creativity and social brain network.
Cognition, emotion and reward networks associated with sex differences for romantic appraisals
Altered Functional Connectivity of Fronto-Cingulo-Striatal Circuits during Error Monitoring in Adolescents with a History of Childhood Abuse.
Cognitive Function and Serum Hormone Levels Are Associated with Gray Matter Volume Decline in Female Patients with Prolactinomas
Sensorimotor network alterations in children and youth with prenatal alcohol exposure.
Top-down expectation effects of food labels on motivation.
Brain over body-A study on the willful regulation of autonomic function during cold exposure.
Individual Differences in Reading Skill Are Related to Trial-by-Trial Neural Activation Variability in the Reading Network.
Temporal Contiguity Training Influences Behavioral and Neural Measures of Viewpoint Tolerance.
Congenital olfactory impairment is linked to cortical changes in prefrontal and limbic brain regions.
Interference and problem size effect in multiplication fact solving: Individual differences in brain activations and arithmetic performance.
Representational similarity analysis reveals task-dependent semantic influence of the visual word form area
Alterations of the default mode network and cognitive impairments in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
Ventral and Dorsal Pathways Relate Differently to Visual Awareness of Body Postures under Continuous Flash Suppression
Modulation of neural circuits underlying temporal production by facial expressions of pain.
Hubs in the human fetal brain network.
Neural activity induced by visual food stimuli presented out of awareness: a preliminary magnetoencephalography study
Anterior insula activation during inhibition to smoking cues is associated with ability to maintain tobacco abstinence
Community violence exposure correlates with smaller gray matter volume and lower IQ in urban adolescents.
Characterizing the modulation of resting-state fMRI metrics by baseline physiology.
Indices of repetitive behaviour are correlated with patterns of intrinsic functional connectivity in youth with autism spectrum disorder.
Reading skill related to left ventral occipitotemporal cortex during a phonological awareness task in 5–6-year old children
Functional magnetic resonance imaging of divergent and convergent thinking in Big-C creativity.
Resting state functional connectivity of the amygdala and problem drinking in non-dependent alcohol drinkers.
Abstract semantics in the motor system? - An event-related fMRI study on passive reading of semantic word categories carrying abstract emotional and mental meaning.
Parietal control network activation during memory tasks may be associated with the co-occurrence of externally and internally directed cognition: A cross-function meta-analysis.
Hurst Exponent Analysis of Resting-State fMRI Signal Complexity across the Adult Lifespan.
How Do Acquired Political Identities Influence Our Neural Processing toward Others within the Context of a Trust Game?
Prefrontal mediation of the reading network predicts intervention response in dyslexia.
Controlling striatal function via anterior frontal cortex stimulation
Gray and white matter integrity influence TMS signal propagation: a multimodal evaluation in cocaine-dependent individuals
Common and distinct changes of default mode and salience network in schizophrenia and major depression.
vmPFC activation during a stressor predicts positive emotions during stress recovery
Choosing to regulate: does choice enhance craving regulation?
Greater involvement of action simulation mechanisms in emotional vs cognitive empathy
Convergence of BOLD and ERP measures of neural reactivity to emotional faces in children and adolescents with and without anxiety disorders.
Psychosocial and neural indicators of resilience among youth with a family history of substance use disorder.
fNIRS Optodes’ Location Decider (fOLD): a toolbox for probe arrangement guided by brain regions-of-interest
ERP Source Analysis Guided by fMRI During Familiar Face Processing.
Difference in regional neural fluctuations and functional connectivity in Crohn's disease: a resting-state functional MRI study.
The relationship between voxel-based metrics of resting state functional connectivity and cognitive performance in cognitively healthy elderly adults.
Neural response to prosocial scenes relates to subsequent giving behavior in adolescents: A pilot study.
Mapping and characterization of positive and negative BOLD responses to visual stimulation in multiple brain regions at 7T.
Shared and distinct regional homogeneity changes in bipolar and unipolar depression.
Increased Posterior Insula-Sensorimotor Connectivity Is Associated with Cognitive Function in Healthy Participants with Sleep Complaints.
Anterior Temporal Lobe Morphometry Predicts Categorization Ability
Alterations of Resting-State Static and Dynamic Functional Connectivity of the Dorsolateral Prefrontal Cortex in Subjects with Internet Gaming Disorder
Age-Dependent Modulations of Resting State Connectivity Following Motor Practice
Structured Reporting in Neuroradiology: Intracranial Tumors
The structural and functional brain networks that support human social networks
The role of effective connectivity between the task-positive and task-negative network for evidence gathering [Evidence gathering and connectivity].
The role of medial prefrontal cortex in the working memory maintenance of one’s own emotional responses
Balance Training Reduces Brain Activity during Motor Simulation of a Challenging Balance Task in Older Adults: An fMRI Study.
Psychopathology Assessment Methods Revisited: On Translational Cross-Validation of Clinical Self-Evaluation Scale and fMRI
Simulating laminar neuroimaging data for a visual delayed match-to-sample task.
Strength of resting-state functional connectivity associated with performance-adjustment ability.
An fMRI study of coherent visual motion processing in children and adults.
How distributed processing produces false negatives in voxel-based lesion-deficit analyses
One-way traffic: The inferior frontal gyrus controls brain activation in the middle temporal gyrus and inferior parietal lobule during divergent thinking.
The relationship of waist circumference and body mass index to grey matter volume in community dwelling adults with mild obesity
Pain Experience is Somatotopically Organized and Overlaps with Pain Anticipation in the Human Cerebellum
Lexical olfaction recruits olfactory orbitofrontal cortex in metaphorical and literal contexts.
The control of tonic pain by active relief learning
Challenge to Promote Change: The Neural Basis of the Contextual Interference Effect in Young and Older Adults.
At-risk individuals display altered brain activity following stress
Rest but busy: Aberrant resting‐state functional connectivity of triple network model in insomnia
Dissociable meta-analytic brain networks contribute to coordinated emotional processing.
The Role of High-Frequency MRI Monitoring in the Detection of Brain Atrophy in Multiple Sclerosis.
Comparison of NREM sleep and intravenous sedation through local information processing and whole brain network to explore the mechanism of general anesthesia.
The bilingual language network: Differential involvement of anterior cingulate, basal ganglia and prefrontal cortex in preparation, monitoring, and execution.
Two-year cortical trajectories are abnormal in children and adolescents with prenatal alcohol exposure
Impaired White Matter Integrity and Social Cognition in High-Function Autism: Diffusion Tensor Imaging Study
Neural Signaling of Cortisol, Childhood Emotional Abuse, and Depression-Related Memory Bias.
Subcortical Local Functional Hyperconnectivity in Cannabis Dependence.
Allergic tendencies are associated with larger gray matter volumes
Trial by trial dependencies in multisensory perception and their correlates in dynamic brain activity
Functional MRI of Handwriting Tasks: A Study of Healthy Young Adults Interacting with a Novel Touch-Sensitive Tablet
Financial Incentives Differentially Regulate Neural Processing of Positive and Negative Emotions during Value-Based Decision-Making.
The Abnormal Functional Connectivity between the Hypothalamus and the Temporal Gyrus Underlying Depression in Alzheimer’s Disease Patients
Responsivity of Periaqueductal Gray Connectivity Is Related to Headache Frequency in Episodic Migraine
Altered functional connectivity differs in stroke survivors with impaired touch sensation following left and right hemisphere lesions.
Implicit emotion regulation in adolescent girls: An exploratory investigation of Hidden Markov Modeling and its neural correlates.
Arithmetic learning in advanced age
When compliments do not hit but critiques do: an fMRI study into self-esteem and self-knowledge in processing social feedback
How attention modulates encoding of dynamic stimuli in older adults.
Cognitive control over memory – individual differences in memory performance for emotional and neutral material
The right inferior frontal gyrus processes nested non-local dependencies in music
Reduced olfactory bulb volume in depression-A structural moderator analysis.
Brain Response to Non-Painful Mechanical Stimulus to Lumbar Spine
Neural substrates of the emotion-word and emotional counting Stroop tasks in healthy and clinical populations: A meta-analysis of functional brain imaging studies.
Segregation of the human basal forebrain using resting state functional MRI.
Reduced Orbitofrontal Gray Matter Concentration as a Marker of Premorbid Childhood Trauma in Cocaine Use Disorder
Amygdala Adaptation and Temporal Dynamics of the Salience Network in Conditioned Fear: A Single-Trial fMRI Study
Aberrant functional network connectivity in psychopathy from a large (N = 985) forensic sample.
The neural correlates of morphological complexity processing: Detecting structure in pseudowords.
Deep in the brain: Changes in subcortical function immediately preceding a migraine attack.
Aversive aftertaste changes visual food cue reactivity: An fMRI study on cross-modal perception.
The impact of inverted text on visual word processing: An fMRI study.
BOLD signal in sensorimotor regions reveals differential encoding of passive forefinger velocity and displacement amplitude.
Correlations between CSF proteins and spontaneous neuronal activity in Parkinson's disease.
Neural basis of the crossmodal correspondence between auditory pitch and visuospatial elevation.
The motor features of action verbs: fMRI evidence using picture naming.
Representation of action semantics in the motor cortex and Broca's area.
Levodopa improves response inhibition and enhances striatal activation in early-stage Parkinson's disease.
The neural correlates of visual imagery: A co-ordinate-based meta-analysis.
False Belief Reasoning in Adults with and without Autistic Spectrum Disorder: Similarities and Differences
The Association between Lifelong Greenspace Exposure and 3-Dimensional Brain Magnetic Resonance Imaging in Barcelona Schoolchildren
Stress evokes stronger medial posterior cingulate deactivations during emotional distraction in slower paced aging.
The mental simulation of state/psychological verbs in the adolescent brain: An fMRI study.
Differential effect of quetiapine and lithium on functional connectivity of the striatum in first episode mania
The emergence of the visual word form: Longitudinal evolution of category-specific ventral visual areas during reading acquisition
Obstructive sleep apnea and cortical thickness in females and males.
Grey-matter network disintegration as predictor of cognitive and motor function with aging
Neural substrates for allocentric-to-egocentric conversion of remembered reach targets in humans.
Prosody production networks are modulated by sensory cues and social context
Multivariate Classification of Major Depressive Disorder Using the Effective Connectivity and Functional Connectivity.
Spatial Arrangement and Set Size Influence the Coding of Non-symbolic Quantities in the Intraparietal Sulcus.
Resting State BOLD Variability in Alzheimer’s Disease: A Marker of Cognitive Decline or Cerebrovascular Status?
Enhanced Network Efficiency of Functional Brain Networks in Primary Insomnia Patients
Social Support Modulates Neural Responses to Unfairness in the Ultimatum Game
Impairment of the Missing Fundamental Phenomenon in Individuals with Alzheimer's Disease: A Neuropsychological and Voxel-Based Morphometric Study
Individual differences in decision making competence revealed by multivariate fMRI.
Cortical activation patterns to spatially presented pure tone stimuli with different intensities measured by functional near-infrared spectroscopy.
Neural mechanisms of behavioral change in young adults with high‐functioning autism receiving virtual reality social cognition training: A pilot study
Anti-TNFalpha therapy in IBD alters brain activity reflecting visceral sensory function and cognitive-affective biases.
Distributed and opposing effects of incidental learning in the human brain.
Not just social sensitivity: Adolescent neural suppression of social feedback during risk taking.
Domain-General and Domain-Specific Patterns of Activity Supporting Metacognition in Human Prefrontal Cortex.
Sex-related differences in behavioral and amygdalar responses to compound facial threat cues.
Dorsal and ventral stream contribution to the paired-object affordance effect.
When Cognitive Decline and Depression Coexist in the Elderly: CSF Biomarkers Analysis Can Differentiate Alzheimer's Disease from Late-Life Depression
Schizophrenia and Category-Selectivity in the Brain: Normal for Faces but Abnormal for Houses
Linked functional network abnormalities during intrinsic and extrinsic activity in schizophrenia as revealed by a data-fusion approach.
Connectome-wide investigation of altered resting-state functional connectivity in war veterans with and without posttraumatic stress disorder.
Cross-sectional and longitudinal voxel-based grey matter asymmetries in Huntington's disease
Age-related functional brain changes in FMR1 premutation carriers.
Risk for affective disorders is associated with greater prefrontal gray matter volumes: A prospective longitudinal study.
Callous-unemotional traits and brain structure: Sex-specific effects in anterior insula of typically-developing youths
Brain functional connectivity in sleep-related hypermotor epilepsy
The verbal nature of worry in generalized anxiety: Insights from the brain
Grey matter volume and cortical structure in Prader-Willi syndrome compared to typically developing young adults.
Cognitive and psychopathology correlates of brain white/grey matter structure in severely psychotic schizophrenic inpatients.
Losing Control in Social Situations: How the Presence of Others Affects Neural Processes Related to Sense of Agency
Heritability of aggression following social evaluation in middle childhood: An fMRI study
Moderate social sensitivity in a risky context supports adaptive decision making in adolescence: evidence from brain and behavior
Attentional Bias to Reminders of the Deceased as Compared With a Living Attachment in Grieving.
Separable Effects of Childhood Maltreatment and Adult Adaptive Functioning on Amygdala Connectivity During Emotion Processing.
Neural Correlates of Emotion Regulation and Adolescent Suicidal Ideation.
Functional Activation During a Cognitive Control Task in Healthy Youth Specific to Externalizing or Internalizing Behaviors.
Machine Learning of Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Network Connectivity Predicts Substance Abuse Treatment Completion.
Social network size relates to developmental neural sensitivity to biological motion
Abnormal ventral tegmental area-anterior cingulate cortex connectivity in Parkinson's disease with depression.
Brain Network Alterations in Alzheimer's Disease Identified by Early-Phase PIB-PET
Children's academic attainment is linked to the global organization of the white matter connectome
Residual effects of cannabis use in adolescent and adult brains - A meta-analysis of fMRI studies.
Effect of combined naltrexone and bupropion therapy on the brain’s functional connectivity
Large-Scale Brain Networks Supporting Divided Attention across Spatial Locations and Sensory Modalities
The Effect of Speech Repetition Rate on Neural Activation in Healthy Adults: Implications for Treatment of Aphasia and Other Fluency Disorders.
Gray Matter Volume of a Region in the Thalamic Pulvinar Is Specifically Associated with Novelty Seeking
Task- and domain-specific modulation of functional connectivity in the ventral and dorsal object-processing pathways.
Detailed spatiotemporal brain mapping of chromatic vision combining high-resolution VEP with fMRI and retinotopy.
Impaired decision‐making and functional neuronal network activity in systemic lupus erythematosus
Muscle sympathetic nerve activity‐coupled changes in brain activity during sustained muscle pain
Transcranial DC stimulation modifies functional connectivity of large‐scale brain networks in abstinent methamphetamine users
A comparison of functional and tractography based networks in cerebral small vessel disease.
Gender differences in functional connectivities between insular subdivisions and selective pain-related brain structures
Occupational attainment influences longitudinal decline in behavioral variant frontotemporal degeneration.
Tuning down the hedonic brain: Cognitive load reduces neural responses to high-calorie food pictures in the nucleus accumbens.
Structural Covariance of the Prefrontal-Amygdala Pathways Associated with Heart Rate Variability
Monetary Reward and Punishment to Response Inhibition Modulate Activation and Synchronization Within the Inhibitory Brain Network.
Decoding rule search domain in the left inferior frontal gyrus
Visual Restoration after Cataract Surgery Promotes Functional and Structural Brain Recovery
Altered effective connectivity anchored in the posterior cingulate cortex and the medial prefrontal cortex in cognitively intact elderly APOE ε4 carriers: a preliminary study.
The neural systems for perceptual updating.
The impact of sample size on the reproducibility of voxel-based lesion-deficit mappings
In vivo relationship between serotonin 1A receptor binding and gray matter volume in the healthy brain and in major depressive disorder.
Cognitive Impairment and Structural Abnormalities in Late Life Depression with Olfactory Identification Impairment: an Alzheimer’s Disease-Like Pattern
Cortical responses to dynamic emotional facial expressions generalize across stimuli, and are sensitive to task-relevance, in adults with and without Autism.
Functional interplay of top-down attention with affective codes during visual short-term memory maintenance.
Neuroticism is associated with altered resting-state functional connectivity of amygdala following acute stress exposure.
Individuals with more severe depression fail to sustain nucleus accumbens activity to preferred music over time.
Temporal evolution of neural activity and connectivity during microsleeps when rested and following sleep restriction.
Chain free association, creativity, and the default mode network.
Orthodontic tooth separation activates the hypothalamic area in the human brain
Fronto-Parietal Brain Responses to Visuotactile Congruence in an Anatomical Reference Frame.
Increased Resting-State Cerebellar-Cerebral Functional Connectivity Underlying Chronic Tinnitus
Not my future? Core values and the neural representation of future events.
Brain Volume Differences Associated With Hearing Impairment in Adults
Executive control processes are associated with individual fitness outcomes following regular exercise training: blood lactate profile curves and neuroimaging findings
Extrinsic functional connectivity of the default mode network in crack-cocaine users
Brain Structures Associated with Internet Addiction Tendency in Adolescent Online Game Players
Adult Attachment Affects Neural Response to Preference-Inferring in Ambiguous Scenarios: Evidence From an fMRI Study
Internet Search Alters Intra- and Inter-regional Synchronization in the Temporal Gyrus
Diversity of Grammars and Their Diverging Evolutionary and Processing Paths: Evidence From Functional MRI Study of Serbian
Global network modulation during thalamic stimulation for Tourette syndrome.
Atypical Amygdala Response to Fear Conditioning in Autism Spectrum Disorder.
Frontolimbic Morphometric Abnormalities in Intermittent Explosive Disorder and Aggression.
Late-Onset Alzheimer's Disease Polygenic Risk Profile Score Predicts Hippocampal Function.
Subgenual Anterior Cingulate-Medial Orbitofrontal Functional Connectivity in Medication-Resistant Major Depression: A Neurobiological Marker for Accelerated Intermittent Theta Burst Stimulation Treatment?
Acute Stress Enhances Emotional Face Processing in the Aging Brain.
Functional Specificity and Sex Differences in the Neural Circuits Supporting the Inhibition of Automatic Imitation.
Sensitivity to Faces with Typical and Atypical Part Configurations within Regions of the Face-processing Network: An fMRI Study.
Stomach-brain synchrony reveals a novel, delayed-connectivity resting-state network in humans
Towards characterizing the regional cerebral perfusion in evaluating the severity of major depression disorder with SPECT/CT
Different mechanisms of contralateral- or ipsilateral-acupuncture to modulate the brain activity in patients with unilateral chronic shoulder pain: a pilot fMRI study
Altered Brain Functional Hubs and Connectivity in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Patients: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Oscillatory motor patterning is impaired in neurofibromatosis type 1: a behavioural, EEG and fMRI study
Altered intrinsic brain functional connectivity in drug-naive Parkinson's disease patients with LRRK2 mutations.
Action video gaming and the brain: fMRI effects without behavioral effects in visual and verbal cognitive tasks
Altered functional connectivity in blepharospasm/orofacial dystonia
A voxel‐based asymmetry study of the relationship between hemispheric asymmetry and language dominance in Wada tested patients
Disrupted network cross talk, hippocampal dysfunction and hallucinations in schizophrenia.
Alterations of regional homogeneity in freezing of gait in Parkinson's disease.
Better imagined: Neural correlates of the episodic simulation boost to prospective memory performance.
Brain activations associated with fearful experience show common and distinct patterns between younger and older adults in the hippocampus and the amygdala
Brain functional connectivity correlates of coping styles.
Neural correlates of reduced depressive symptoms following cognitive training for chronic traumatic brain injury†
Meta-analytic evidence for altered mesolimbic responses to reward in schizophrenia.
Individual differences in self-reported reward-approach tendencies relate to resting-state and reward-task-based fMRI measures.
Orbito-frontal cortex mechanism of inhibition of return in current and remitted depression.
Distinct and overlapping fusiform activation to faces and food.
The UNC/UMN Baby Connectome Project (BCP): An overview of the study design and protocol development.
Risk Factors Associated with Cortical Thickness and White Matter Hyperintensities in Dementia Free Okinawan Elderly
Neural processing of food and emotional stimuli in adolescent and adult anorexia nervosa patients.
Functional Connectivity Between Anterior Insula and Key Nodes of Frontoparietal Executive Control and Salience Networks Distinguish Bipolar Depression From Unipolar Depression and Healthy Control Subjects.
Aberrant salience network functional connectivity in auditory verbal hallucinations: a first episode psychosis sample
Incongruent pitch cues are associated with increased activation and functional connectivity in the frontal areas
The role of the right temporo-parietal junction in social decision-making.
Common and distinct neural correlates of self-serving and prosocial dishonesty.
Working memory, age and education: A lifespan fMRI study.
Disrupted functional connectivity patterns of the insula subregions in drug-free major depressive disorder.
Functional network integration and attention skills in young children
The effects of intranasal oxytocin on reward circuitry responses in children with autism spectrum disorder
Connectivity of the precuneus-posterior cingulate cortex with the anterior cingulate cortex-medial prefrontal cortex differs consistently between control subjects and first-episode psychosis patients
Identification of task sets within and across stimulus modalities.
Modulation of inhibitory control by prefrontal anodal tDCS: A crossover double-blind sham-controlled fMRI study.
Probabilistic Category Learning and Striatal Functional Activation in Psychosis Risk.
Attenuation of offset analgesia is associated with suppression of descending pain modulatory and reward systems in patients with chronic pain
A Set of Functional Brain Networks for the Comprehensive Evaluation of Human Characteristics.
Presbycusis Disrupts Spontaneous Activity Revealed by Resting-State Functional MRI.
Task-Relevant Information Modulates Primary Motor Cortex Activity Before Movement Onset.
Functional Hemispheric (A)symmetries in the Aged Brain—Relevance for Working Memory
Enhanced Amygdala-Striatal Functional Connectivity during the Processing of Cocaine Cues in Male Cocaine Users with a History of Childhood Trauma
Gray Matter and White Matter Abnormalities in Temporal Lobe Epilepsy Patients with and without Hippocampal Sclerosis
Brain and behavioral correlates of insulin resistance in youth with depression and obesity.
Neural signatures of Trail Making Test performance: Evidence from lesion-mapping and neuroimaging studies.
Hemispheric asymmetry and homotopy of resting state functional connectivity correlate with visuospatial abilities in school-age children.
Aberrant within- and between-network connectivity of the mirror neuron system network and the mentalizing network in first episode psychosis.
Severity of olfactory deficits is reflected in functional brain networks-An fMRI study.
MRI gradient-echo phase contrast of the brain at ultra-short TE with off-resonance saturation.
Tracing the interplay between syntactic and lexical features: fMRI evidence from agreement comprehension.
Neural overlap of L1 and L2 semantic representations across visual and auditory modalities: a decoding approach.
Regional Brain Activity During Rest and Gastric Water Load in Subtypes of Functional Dyspepsia: A Preliminary Brain Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Aberrant regional brain activities in alcohol dependence: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Advances, challenges, and promises in pediatric neuroimaging of neurodevelopmental disorders.
Presurgical localization and spatial shift of resting state networks in patients with brain metastases.
An fMRI study of finger tapping in children and adults.
Multivariate Pattern Classification of Facial Expressions Based on Large-Scale Functional Connectivity.
Risk seeking for losses modulates the functional connectivity of the default mode and left frontoparietal networks in young males.
Magnetic resonance imaging does not reveal structural alterations in the brain of grapheme-color synesthetes
Neural mechanisms of the rejection–aggression link
Schizophrenia alters intra-network functional connectivity in the caudate for detecting speech under informational speech masking conditions
Cue-Induced Brain Activation in Chronic Ketamine-Dependent Subjects, Cigarette Smokers, and Healthy Controls: A Task Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
The behavioural patterns and neural correlates of concrete and abstract verb processing in aphasia: A novel verb semantic battery
Common Sense in Choice: The Effect of Sensory Modality on Neural Value Representations
Severity of anxiety moderates the association between neural circuits and maternal behaviors in the postpartum period.
Statistical power comparisons at 3T and 7T with a GO / NOGO task.
Separation of trait and state in stuttering
Neural functional correlates of the impact of socio-emotional stimuli on performances on a flanker task in children aged 9-11 years.
The multidimensional representational space of observed socio-affective touch experiences
Orbital and Medial Prefrontal Cortex Functional Connectivity of Major Depression Vulnerability and Disease.
Experiences of Discrimination Are Associated With Greater Resting Amygdala Activity and Functional Connectivity.
Cerebellar abnormalities in first-episode, drug-naive schizophrenia at rest.
Associations between adolescent cannabis use and brain structure in psychosis.
Altered grey matter volume and cortical thickness in patients with schizo-obsessive comorbidity.
Multifocal alterations of white matter accompany the transition from normal cognition to dementia in Parkinson's disease patients.
Gray matter volume covariance patterns associated with gait speed in older adults: a multi-cohort MRI study.
Role of Language-Related Functional Connectivity in Patients with Benign Childhood Epilepsy with Centrotemporal Spikes
Neural correlates of socio-emotional perception in 22q11.2 deletion syndrome
The focal alteration and causal connectivity in children with new-onset benign epilepsy with centrotemporal spikes
Heightened Salience of Anger and Aggression in Female Adolescents With Borderline Personality Disorder-A Script-Based fMRI Study.
Single Session Low Frequency Left Dorsolateral Prefrontal Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation Changes Neurometabolite Relationships in Healthy Humans
Psychopathic traits associated with abnormal hemodynamic activity in salience and default mode networks during auditory oddball task.
Interaction of childhood urbanicity and variation in dopamine genes alters adult prefrontal function as measured by functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI).
Neural correlates of interference resolution in the multi-source interference task: a meta-analysis of functional neuroimaging studies
Endogenous modulation of human visual cortex activity improves perception at twilight
Brain Atrophy and Reorganization of Structural Network in Parkinson's Disease With Hemiparkinsonism.
Gray/White Matter Contrast in Parkinson’s Disease
Altered Gray Matter Volume and Resting-State Connectivity in Individuals With Internet Gaming Disorder: A Voxel-Based Morphometry and Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Bilingual Contexts Modulate the Inhibitory Control Network
Lutein and Zeaxanthin Are Positively Associated with Visual–Spatial Functioning in Older Adults: An fMRI Study
Functional connectivity change between posterior cingulate cortex and ventral attention network relates to the impairment of orientation for time in Alzheimer's disease patients.
Smiling faces and cash bonuses: Exploring common affective coding across positive and negative emotional and motivational stimuli using fMRI.
Neural substrates of social facilitation effects on incentive-based performance
Altered connection properties of important network hubs may be neural risk factors for individuals with primary insomnia
Mechanical analyses of critical surgical maneuvers in the correction of cleft lip nasal deformity
Effects of Psychotherapy on Neuronal Correlates of Reappraisal in Female Patients With Borderline Personality Disorder.
Functional connectivity of the ventral tegmental area and avolition in subjects with schizophrenia: a resting state functional MRI study.
Cortical remodeling after electroacupuncture therapy in peripheral nerve repairing model.
Multi-voxel pattern classification differentiates personally experienced event memories from secondhand event knowledge.
Effects of task complexity and age-differences on task-related functional connectivity of attentional networks.
The left inferior frontal gyrus: A neural crossroads between abstract and concrete knowledge.
Audio-visual speech processing in age-related hearing loss: Stronger integration and increased frontal lobe recruitment.
Increased coherence-based regional homogeneity in resting-state patients with first-episode, drug-naive somatization disorder.
Cortical and subcortical changes in patients with premenstrual syndrome.
Task-positive and task-negative networks in major depressive disorder: A combined fMRI and EEG study.
Structural correlates of Openness and Intellect: Implications for the contribution of personality to creativity.
Regional homogeneity and functional connectivity patterns in major depressive disorder, cognitive vulnerability to depression and healthy subjects.
Incidental haptic sensations influence judgment of crimes
Distinctive Correspondence Between Separable Visual Attention Functions and Intrinsic Brain Networks.
Dysregulation of Pain- and Emotion-Related Networks in Trigeminal Neuralgia.
A Knowledge-Based Arrangement of Prototypical Neural Representation Prior to Experience Contributes to Selectivity in Upcoming Knowledge Acquisition.
Neural Mechanisms Underlying Time Perception and Reward Anticipation.
An adaptive semantic matching paradigm for reliable and valid language mapping in individuals with aphasia.
The Neural Correlates of Grasping in Left-Handers: When Handedness Does Not Matter.
Local Use-Dependent Sleep in Wakefulness Links Performance Errors to Learning
Increased Insular Cortical Thickness Associated With Symptom Severity in Male Youths With Internet Gaming Disorder: A Surface-Based Morphometric Study
Modulating Brain Connectivity by Simultaneous Dual-Mode Stimulation over Bilateral Primary Motor Cortices in Subacute Stroke Patients
Referred cramping phantom hand pain elicited in the face and eliminated by peripheral nerve block.
The cerebellum after trauma: Resting-state functional connectivity of the cerebellum in posttraumatic stress disorder and its dissociative subtype.
Different brain networks underlying intelligence in autism spectrum disorders.
Do Words Stink? Neural Reuse as a Principle for Understanding Emotions in Reading.
The salience of self, not social pain, is encoded by dorsal anterior cingulate and insula
Neural Correlates of Semantic Inhibition in Relation to Hypomanic Traits: An fMRI Study
Change in emotional self‐concept following socio‐cognitive training relates to structural plasticity of the prefrontal cortex
Thalamic functional connectivity and its association with behavioral performance in older age
Alteration and Role of Interhemispheric and Intrahemispheric Connectivity in Motor Network After Stroke.
Trait anger modulates neural activity in the fronto-parietal attention network.
Cognitive correlates of α4β2 nicotinic acetylcholine receptors in mild Alzheimer’s dementia
Multimodal Brain Changes in First-Episode Mania: A Voxel-Based Morphometry, Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging, and Connectivity Study.
The spatio-temporal dynamics of deviance and target detection in the passive and active auditory oddball paradigm: a sLORETA study
Training Humans to Categorize Monkey Calls: Auditory Feature- and Category-Selective Neural Tuning Changes.
Model order effects on ICA of resting-state complex-valued fMRI data: Application to schizophrenia.
Occupational functional plasticity revealed by brain entropy: A resting-state fMRI study of seafarers.
Correction: Mechanisms of action of Coxiella burnetii effectors inferred from host-pathogen protein interactions
Age-dependent effects of brain stimulation on network centrality.
The relation between gray matter volume and the use of alcohol, tobacco, cocaine and cannabis in male polysubstance users.
A Link Between Childhood Adversity and Trait Anger Reflects Relative Activity of the Amygdala and Dorsolateral Prefrontal Cortex.
Neurophysiological differences in the adolescent brain following a single night of restricted sleep - A 7T fMRI study.
Blunted Frontostriatal Blood Oxygen Level-Dependent Signals Predict Stimulant and Marijuana Use.
Neurophysiological Effects of Trait Empathy in Music Listening.
Neuroanatomical Alterations in Patients with Early Stage of Unilateral Pulsatile Tinnitus: A Voxel-Based Morphometry Study
Altered Structural and Functional Connectivity of Juvenile Myoclonic Epilepsy: An fMRI Study
Therapy-Induced Neuroplasticity in Chronic Aphasia After Phonological Component Analysis: A Matter of Intensity
History of Suicide Attempt Is Associated with Reduced Medial Prefrontal Cortex Activity during Emotional Decision-Making among Men with Schizophrenia: An Exploratory fMRI Study
Risk factors associated with cognitions for late-onset depression based on anterior and posterior default mode sub-networks.
Increased functional connectivity of the posterior cingulate cortex with the lateral orbitofrontal cortex in depression
Large-scale brain network associated with creative insight: combined voxel-based morphometry and resting-state functional connectivity analyses
Functional connections between activated and deactivated brain regions mediate emotional interference during externally directed cognition.
Altered intra- and inter-network functional coupling of resting-state networks associated with motor dysfunction in stroke.
The functional and structural characteristics of the emotion network in alexithymia
Both Hypo-Connectivity and Hyper-Connectivity of the Insular Subregions Associated With Severity in Children With Autism Spectrum Disorders
Altered Functional Connectivity of Insular Subregions in Alzheimer’s Disease
Evaluating the Specificity of Cognitive Control Deficits in Schizophrenia Using Antisaccades, Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging, and Healthy Individuals With Poor Cognitive Control
Hostile Attribution Bias Mediates the Relationship Between Structural Variations in the Left Middle Frontal Gyrus and Trait Angry Rumination
The anticipation and outcome phases of reward and loss processing: A neuroimaging meta‐analysis of the monetary incentive delay task
Neural mechanisms associated with treatment decision making: An fMRI study.
Metacognition of visuomotor decisions in conversion disorder.
Action and object words are differentially anchored in the sensory motor system - A perspective on cognitive embodiment
Facing temptation: The neural correlates of gambling availability during sports picture exposure.
Action and semantic tool knowledge - Effective connectivity in the underlying neural networks.
Multisensory vestibular, vestibular-auditory, and auditory network effects revealed by parametric sound pressure stimulation.
Manual dexterity and brain structure in patients with schizophrenia: A whole-brain magnetic resonance imaging study.
Application of the hybrid ANFIS models for long term wind power density prediction with extrapolation capability
Short- and long-term reliability of language fMRI.
Apathy in Alzheimer's disease and frontotemporal dementia: Distinct clinical profiles and neural correlates.
Manipulating memory efficacy affects the behavioral and neural profiles of deterministic learning and decision-making.
Frontostriatal Dysfunction During Decision Making in Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder and Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder
Cognitive Function and Brain Atrophy Predict Non-pharmacological Efficacy in Dementia: The Mihama-Kiho Scan Project2
Morphometric Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study in Children With Primary Monosymptomatic Nocturnal Enuresis
Simultaneous resting-state FDG-PET/fMRI in Alzheimer Disease: Relationship between glucose metabolism and intrinsic activity.
Neural Correlates of Sleep Disturbance in Alzheimer’s Disease: Role of the Precuneus in Sleep Disturbance
The Neural Correlates of Hierarchical Predictions for Perceptual Decisions.
Being right, but losing money: the role of striatum in joint decision making
Localization and Functional Characterization of an Occipital Visual Word form Sensitive Area
Brain Regional Homogeneity Changes in Cirrhotic Patients with or without Hepatic Encephalopathy Revealed by Multi-Frequency Bands Analysis Based on Resting-State Functional MRI
Metabolic and Electrophysiological Changes Associated to Clinical Improvement in Two Severely Traumatized Subjects Treated With EMDR—A Pilot Study
Cerebral glucose metabolic prediction from amnestic mild cognitive impairment to Alzheimer’s dementia: a meta-analysis
fMRI connectivity of expressive language in young children and adolescents.
Neural Response After a Single ECT Session During Retrieval of Emotional Self-Referent Words in Depression: A Randomized, Sham-Controlled fMRI Study
Neural substrates for moral judgments of psychological versus physical harm
Behavioral and neural correlates of parenting self-evaluation in mothers of young children
Assessment of synchronous neural activities revealed by regional homogeneity in individuals with acute eye pain: a resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study
The behavioral and neural binding phenomena during visuomotor integration of angry facial expressions
Influence of Musical Enculturation on Brain Responses to Metric Deviants
Altered resting state functional connectivity of the cognitive control network in fibromyalgia and the modulation effect of mind-body intervention.
The “social brain” is highly sensitive to the mere presence of social information: An automated meta-analysis and an independent study
Cognitive training with action-related verbs induces neural plasticity in the action representation system as assessed by gray matter brain morphometry.
Action affordances and visuo-spatial complexity in motor imagery: An fMRI study.
Association between schizophrenia polygenic risk and neural correlates of emotion perception.
The Neural Bases of Interoceptive Encoding and Recall in Healthy Adults and Adults With Depression.
Effects of Gradient Coil Noise and Gradient Coil Replacement on the Reproducibility of Resting State Networks.
Craving Responses to Methamphetamine and Sexual Visual Cues in Individuals With Methamphetamine Use Disorder After Long-Term Drug Rehabilitation
Theta Burst Stimulation Enhances Connectivity of the Dorsal Attention Network in Young Healthy Subjects: An Exploratory Study
Individual differences in dopamine D2 receptor availability correlate with reward valuation.
Bilingual experience and resting-state brain connectivity: Impacts of L2 age of acquisition and social diversity of language use on control networks.
The neural correlates of attachment security in typically developing children.
Neural correlates of gender differences in distractibility by sexual stimuli.
Neural substrates of the influence of emotional cues on cognitive control in risk-taking adolescents
Baseline Brain Activity Changes in Patients With Single and Relapsing Optic Neuritis.
Neural activation and memory for natural scenes: Explicit and spontaneous retrieval.
Creative conceptual expansion: A combined fMRI replication and extension study to examine individual differences in creativity.
Neural Correlates of Drug-Biased Choice in Currently Using and Abstinent Individuals With Cocaine Use Disorder.
Decomposing Gratitude: Representation and Integration of Cognitive Antecedents of Gratitude in the Brain.
A technology developed from concept of acupuncture and meridian system, the clinical effect of BIOCERAMIC resonance on psychological related sleep disturbance with findings on questionnaire, EEG and fMRI
Abnormalities of regional homogeneity and its correlation with clinical symptoms in Naive patients with first-episode schizophrenia.
Spatial-temporal dynamics of gesture-speech integration: a simultaneous EEG-fMRI study.
Functional neural correlates of facial affect recognition impairment following TBI.
Age-related increase of image-invariance in the fusiform face area.
Simulating reading acquisition: The link between reading outcome and multimodal brain signatures of letter–speech sound learning in prereaders
Altered functional connectivity density in patients with herpes zoster and postherpetic neuralgia
Adolescent Gender Differences in Cognitive Control Performance and Functional Connectivity Between Default Mode and Fronto-Parietal Networks Within a Self-Referential Context.
Distinguishing Adolescents With Conduct Disorder From Typically Developing Youngsters Based on Pattern Classification of Brain Structural MRI.
Improved Volitional Recall of Motor-Imagery-Related Brain Activation Patterns Using Real-Time Functional MRI-Based Neurofeedback.
The Comorbidity Between Internet Gaming Disorder and Depression: Interrelationship and Neural Mechanisms
Facial Expression Enhances Emotion Perception Compared to Vocal Prosody: Behavioral and fMRI Studies.
Structural and functional alterations in the brain during working memory in medication-naïve patients at clinical high-risk for psychosis
Visual perceptual training reconfigures post-task resting-state functional connectivity with a feature-representation region.
Arterial spin labeling reveals relationships between resting cerebral perfusion and motor learning in Parkinson's disease.
The effect of future time perspective on procrastination: the role of parahippocampal gyrus and ventromedial prefrontal cortex.
Trait and state patterns of basolateral amygdala connectivity at rest are related to endogenous testosterone and aggression in healthy young women.
Frontal lobe functioning during a simple response conflict task in first-episode psychosis and its relationship to treatment response.
Short-term escitalopram treatment normalizes aberrant self-referential processing in major depressive disorder.
Magnitude processing of symbolic and non-symbolic proportions: an fMRI study
A systematic review of associations between functional MRI activity and polygenic risk for schizophrenia and bipolar disorder.
Decreased cortical and subcortical response to inhibition control after sleep deprivation.
Preliminary evidence of altered gray matter volume in subjects with internet gaming disorder: associations with history of childhood attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder symptoms.
Individualized prediction of trait narcissism from whole-brain resting-state functional connectivity.
Spatio-temporal dynamics of resting-state brain networks improve single-subject prediction of schizophrenia diagnosis.
Combined Evaluation of Noncontrast CT ASPECTS and CT Angiography Collaterals Improves Detection of Large Infarcts in Proximal Artery Occlusive Stroke.
Using Expectancy Theory to quantitatively dissociate the neural representation of motivation from its influential factors in the human brain: An fMRI study.
Local functional connectivity alterations in schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and major depressive disorder.
Primary and Secondary Variants of Psychopathy in a Volunteer Sample Are Associated With Different Neurocognitive Mechanisms.
Novelty modulates human striatal activation and prefrontal-striatal effective connectivity during working memory encoding.
The neural basis of free language choice in bilingual speakers: Disentangling language choice and language execution.
Emotion Regulation in Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder, Unaffected Siblings, and Unrelated Healthy Control Participants.
Reliability of neural activation and connectivity during implicit face emotion processing in youth.
A Voxel-Based Magnetic Resonance Imaging Morphometric Study of Cerebral and Cerebellar Gray Matter in Patients Under 65 Years with Essential Tremor
Individualized Functional Parcellation of the Human Amygdala Using a Semi-supervised Clustering Method: A 7T Resting State fMRI Study.
Does Post-task Declarative Learning Have an Influence on Early Motor Memory Consolidation Over Day? An fMRI Study.
Bidirectional Causal Connectivity in the Cortico-Limbic-Cerebellar Circuit Related to Structural Alterations in First-Episode, Drug-Naive Somatization Disorder
Altered Amygdala Resting-State Functional Connectivity and Hemispheric Asymmetry in Patients With Social Anxiety Disorder
Impulsivity in Parkinson’s Disease Is Associated With Alterations in Affective and Sensorimotor Striatal Networks
Neural Mechanisms Underlying Individual Differences in Control-Averse Behavior
Neural Codes for One's Own Position and Direction in a Real-World "Vista" Environment.
The effects of cognitive behavioral therapy on resting‐state functional brain network in drug‐naive patients with obsessive–compulsive disorder
Loss anticipation and outcome during the Monetary Incentive Delay Task: a neuroimaging systematic review and meta-analysis
Modulation of functional activity and connectivity by acupuncture in patients with Alzheimer disease as measured by resting-state fMRI.
Neural predisposing factors of postoperative delirium in elderly patients with femoral neck fracture
Associations Between Daily Mood States and Brain Gray Matter Volume, Resting-State Functional Connectivity and Task-Based Activity in Healthy Adults.
Bilateral activations in operculo-insular area show temporal dissociation after peripheral electrical stimulation in healthy adults.
Amyloid causes intermittent network disruptions in cognitively intact older subjects.
The neural signatures of egocentric bias in normative decision-making.
Functional connectivity of the human amygdala in health and in depression
How face blurring affects body language processing of static gestures in women and men
Neural bases of social communicative intentions in speech
A task-invariant cognitive reserve network.
Task-dependent modulation of the visual sensory thalamus assists visual-speech recognition.
Non-predictive online spatial coding in the posterior parietal cortex when aiming ahead for catching
Disrupted Spontaneous Neural Activity Related to Cognitive Impairment in Postpartum Women
Classification and characterisation of brain network changes in chronic back pain: A multicenter study
Activations of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex and thalamus during agentic self-evaluation are negatively associated with trait self-esteem.
Emotion introspection and regulation in depression.
Neurodevelopmental perspectives on dance learning: Insights from early adolescence and young adulthood.
The influence of sensorimotor experience on the aesthetic evaluation of dance across the life span.
Exploring collective experience in watching dance through intersubject correlation and functional connectivity of fMRI brain activity.
Motor Preparation Disrupts Proactive Control in the Stop Signal Task
Cerebral Blood Flow Changes in Multiple Sclerosis and Neuromyelitis Optica and Their Correlations With Clinical Disability
Individual differences in learning correlate with modulation of brain activity induced by transcranial direct current stimulation.
Prefrontoparietal dysfunction during emotion regulation in anxiety disorder: a meta-analysis of functional magnetic resonance imaging studies
Cortical thickness correlates of minor neurological signs in patients with first episode psychosis.
Association Between Initial Age of Exposure to Childhood Abuse and Cognitive Control: Preliminary Evidence.
The cognitive up- and down-regulation of positive emotion: Evidence from behavior, electrophysiology, and neuroimaging.
Cue-reactivity in behavioral addictions: A meta-analysis and methodological considerations
The Sound of Words Evokes Affective Brain Responses
Attending to What and Where: Background Connectivity Integrates Categorical and Spatial Attention.
Effects of vasopressin on neural processing of infant crying in expectant fathers.
Trait paranoia shapes inter-subject synchrony in brain activity during an ambiguous social narrative.
Neuromolecular basis of faded perception associated with unreality experience
When the tables are turned: The effects of the 2016 U.S. Presidential election on in-group favoritism and out-group hostility
Disrupted interhemispheric functional connectivity in chronic insomnia disorder: a resting-state fMRI study
Synchronization within, and interactions between, the default mode and dorsal attention networks in relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis
Gating by induced Α-Γ asynchrony in selective attention.
Is it still speech? Different processing strategies in learning to discriminate stimuli in the transition from speech to non-speech including feedback evaluation.
Reduced gray matter volume is correlated with frontal cognitive and behavioral impairments in Parkinson's disease.
Examining the neural correlates of active and passive forms of verbal-spatial binding in working memory.
Prefrontal cortex activation during cognitive interference in nonsuicidal self-injury.
Reduced gray matter volume and respiratory dysfunction in Parkinson’s disease: a voxel-based morphometry study
Approach or avoidance: Neural correlates of intelligence evaluation from faces.
Neural correlates of context-independent and context-dependent self-knowledge.
Age of Insomnia Onset Correlates with a Reversal of Default Mode Network and Supplementary Motor Cortex Connectivity
Cognitive regulation alters social and dietary choice by changing attribute representations in domain-general and domain-specific brain circuits
Psychopathic traits linked to alterations in neural activity during personality judgments of self and others.
Decreased functional connectivity in the fronto-parietal network in children with mood disorders compared to children with dyslexia during rest: An fMRI study.
Temptations of friends: adolescents’ neural and behavioral responses to best friends predict risky behavior
Automated Extraction of Human Functional Brain Network Properties Associated with Working Memory Load through a Machine Learning-Based Feature Selection Algorithm
A Longitudinal Study of Local Gyrification Index in Young Boys With Autism Spectrum Disorder.
Human Pregenual Anterior Cingulate Cortex: Structural, Functional, and Connectional Heterogeneity
Influence of 4-week multi-strain probiotic administration on resting-state functional connectivity in healthy volunteers
Motor outcome and electrode location in deep brain stimulation in Parkinson's disease
Ballroom Dancing Promotes Neural Activity in the Sensorimotor System: A Resting-State fMRI Study
The Effects of Music Intervention on Functional Connectivity Strength of the Brain in Schizophrenia
Language and Sensory Neural Plasticity in the Superior Temporal Cortex of the Deaf
The Neurocognitive Architecture of Individual Differences in Math Anxiety in Typical Children
Using event-related fMRI to examine sustained attention processes and effects of APOE ε4 in young adults
Characterizing the neural coding of symbolic quantities.
Group and individual variability in speech production networks during delayed auditory feedback
Load matters: neural correlates of verbal working memory in children with autism spectrum disorder
Disentangling representations of shape and action components in the tool network.
Thalamic Cortical Error-Related Responses in Adult Social Drinkers: Sex Differences and Problem Alcohol Use.
Brain regions that retain the spatial layout of tactile stimuli during working memory - A 'tactospatial sketchpad'?
Amygdala functional connectivity during socioemotional processing prospectively predicts increases in internalizing symptoms in a sample of low-income, urban, young men.
Encoding-related brain activity and accelerated forgetting in transient epileptic amnesia
Repeated fMRI in measuring the activation of the amygdala without habituation when viewing faces displaying negative emotions
Neural practice effect during cross-modal selective attention: Supra-modal and modality-specific effects.
Effects of Uric Acid on the Alterations of White Matter Connectivity in Patients with Major Depression
Brain Structural and Functional Substrates of Personal Distress in Empathy
Neural Correlates of Anosognosia in Alzheimer's Disease and Mild Cognitive Impairment: A Multi-Method Assessment
Investigating the Neural Basis of Theta Burst Stimulation to Premotor Cortex on Emotional Vocalization Perception: A Combined TMS-fMRI Study
The Influence of Self-Referential Processing on Attentional Orienting in Frontoparietal Networks
The Dose-Dependent Effects of Vascular Risk Factors on Dynamic Compensatory Neural Processes in Mild Cognitive Impairment
Abnormal Functional Connectivity of Resting State Network Detection Based on Linear ICA Analysis in Autism Spectrum Disorder
Differential Age-Related Changes in Structural Covariance Networks of Human Anterior and Posterior Hippocampus
Altered Resting-State Brain Activities in Drug-Naïve Major Depressive Disorder Assessed by fMRI: Associations With Somatic Symptoms Defined by Yin-Yang Theory of the Traditional Chinese Medicine
Aberrant Effective Connectivity of the Right Anterior Insula in Primary Insomnia
Cortical Brain Changes in Patients With Locked-In Syndrome Experiencing Hallucinations and Delusions
Dynamic causal modeling revealed dysfunctional effective connectivity in both, the cortico-basal-ganglia and the cerebello-cortical motor network in writers' cramp
A longitudinal study of brain anatomy changes preceding dementia in Down syndrome.
Enhancing treatment of osteoarthritis knee pain by boosting expectancy: A functional neuroimaging study
Convergence Analysis of Micro-Lesions (CAML): An approach to mapping of diffuse lesions from carotid revascularization
Neural Correlates of Reflection on Present and Past Selves in Autism Spectrum Disorder
Age-specific effects of structural and functional connectivity in prefrontal-amygdala circuitry in women with bipolar disorder
Altered Whole-Brain Structural Covariance of the Hippocampal Subfields in Subcortical Vascular Mild Cognitive Impairment and Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment Patients
Regional Homogeneity Predicts Creative Insight: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Effects of DISC1 Polymorphisms on Resting-State Spontaneous Neuronal Activity in the Early-Stage of Schizophrenia
Postural Effects on the Mental Rotation of Body-Related Pictures: An fMRI Study
Neuroplasticity of cognitive control networks following cognitive training for chronic traumatic brain injury☆
Impact of gender and genetics on emotion processing in Parkinson's disease - A multimodal study.
Brain activity for spontaneous and explicit mentalizing in adults with autism spectrum disorder: An fMRI study.
Transient immediate postoperative homotopic functional disconnectivity in low-grade glioma patients
“Motoring in idle”: The default mode and somatomotor networks are overactive in children and adolescents with functional neurological symptoms
Association between precuneus volume and autobiographical memory impairment in posterior cortical atrophy: Beyond the visual syndrome
Phonological Feature Repetition Suppression in the Left Inferior Frontal Gyrus.
Elevated hippocampal choline level is associated with altered functional connectivity in females with major depressive disorder: A pilot study.
Trait and state anxiety is marked by increased working memory-related parietal BOLD signal.
Effects of repeated transcranial direct current stimulation on smoking, craving and brain reactivity to smoking cues
Brain Structure Alterations in Respect to Tobacco Consumption and Nicotine Dependence: A Comparative Voxel-Based Morphometry Study
Cortical thickness and volume abnormalities in Internet gaming disorder: Evidence from comparison of recreational Internet game users.
A multi-modal MRI study of the central response to inflammation in rheumatoid arthritis
Down syndrome is accompanied by significantly reduced cortical grey-white matter tissue contrast.
Social interaction recruits mentalizing and reward systems in middle childhood.
Aberrant Cortical Integration in First-Episode Psychosis During Natural Audiovisual Processing.
Abnormal spontaneous brain activity is associated with impaired emotion and cognition in hyperthyroidism: A rs-fMRI study.
Source-reconstruction of the sensorimotor network from resting-state macaque electrocorticography.
Finding decodable information that can be read out in behaviour.
Functional connectivity of resting-state, working memory and inhibition networks in perceived stress
Influencing connectivity and cross-frequency coupling by real-time source localized neurofeedback of the posterior cingulate cortex reduces tinnitus related distress
Tracking emotions in the brain – Revisiting the Empathic Accuracy Task
Gaming-addicted teens identify more with their cyber-self than their own self: Neural evidence.
Differential Resting-State Connectivity Patterns of the Right Anterior and Posterior Dorsolateral Prefrontal Cortices (DLPFC) in Schizophrenia
Altered Regional Cerebral Blood Flow of Right Cerebellum Posterior Lobe in Asthmatic Patients With or Without Depressive Symptoms
Functional neuroanatomy of blindsight revealed by activation likelihood estimation meta-analysis.
Neural Basis of the Emotional Conflict Processing in Major Depression: ERPs and Source Localization Analysis on the N450 and P300 Components
Changes in Gray Matter Density, Regional Homogeneity, and Functional Connectivity in Methamphetamine-Associated Psychosis: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging (fMRI) Study
Pass it on? The neural responses to rejection in the context of a family study on maltreatment
Effects of carbamazepine and lamotrigine on functional magnetic resonance imaging cognitive networks
Impaired Voluntary Control in PTSD: Probing Self-Regulation of the ACC With Real-Time fMRI
Histamine H3 receptor density is negatively correlated with neural activity related to working memory in humans
Brain basis of cognitive resilience: Prefrontal cortex predicts better reading comprehension in relation to decoding
Structural correlates of literacy difficulties in the second language: Evidence from Mandarin-speaking children learning English.
Anterior paracingulate and cingulate cortex mediates the effects of cognitive load on speech sound discrimination.
Reward circuitry activation reflects social preferences in the face of cognitive effort.
Early-life and pubertal stress differentially modulate grey matter development in human adolescents
Neural correlates of dynamic emotion perception in schizophrenia and the influence of prior expectations.
Functional Dissociation of the Posterior and Anterior Insula in Moral Disgust
Correlation of Longitudinal Gray Matter Volume Changes and Motor Recovery in Patients After Pontine Infarction
Differences in Hearing Acuity among “Normal-Hearing” Young Adults Modulate the Neural Basis for Speech Comprehension
Functional Segregation of the Right Inferior Frontal Gyrus: Evidence From Coactivation-Based Parcellation.
Anterior Cingulate Glutamate and GABA Associations on Functional Connectivity in Schizophrenia.
Feeling the force: Changes in a left-lateralized network of brain areas under simulated workday conditions are reflected in subjective mental effort investment
Seasonal variations in diet composition, diet breadth and dietary overlap between three commercially important fish species within a flood-pulse system: The Tonle Sap Lake (Cambodia)
When two are better than one: Bilateral mesial temporal lobe contributions associated with better vocabulary skills in children and adolescents.
Aging modulates fronto-temporal cortical interactions during lexical production. A dynamic causal modeling study.
Perception of direct vs. averted gaze in portrait paintings: An fMRI and eye-tracking study.
Neural correlates of free recall of “famous events” in a “hypermnestic” individual as compared to an age- and education-matched reference group
Concrete versus abstract forms of social concept: an fMRI comparison of knowledge about people versus social terms
Enhanced Positive Emotional Reactivity Undermines Empathy in Behavioral Variant Frontotemporal Dementia
Hippocampal-targeted Theta-burst Stimulation Enhances Associative Memory Formation.
Consistent decreased activity in the putamen in Parkinson's disease: a meta-analysis and an independent validation of resting-state fMRI
Neural bases of enhanced attentional control: Lessons from action video game players
Brain Responses to Dynamic Facial Expressions: A Normative Meta-Analysis
Decreased Bilateral FDG-PET Uptake and Inter-Hemispheric Connectivity in Multi-Domain Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment Patients: A Preliminary Study
Abnormal Functional Connectivity of Anterior Cingulate Cortex in Patients With Primary Insomnia: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Aberrant Neural Activity in Patients With Bipolar Depressive Disorder Distinguishing to the Unipolar Depressive Disorder: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
The optimistic brain: Trait optimism mediates the influence of resting-state brain activity and connectivity on anxiety in late adolescence.
Dissociations of cognitive inhibition, response inhibition, and emotional interference: Voxelwise ALE meta-analyses of fMRI studies.
Turning a cylindrical treadmill with feet: An MR-compatible device for assessment of the neural correlates of lower-limb movement.
A novel task for examining the neural basis of Theory of Mind deficits in bipolar disorder.
Cardiac responses to viewing facial emotion differentiate frontotemporal dementias
Cortical alterations in phobic postural vertigo – a multimodal imaging approach
Impact of Zika Virus on adult human brain structure and functional organization
Feeling How Old I Am: Subjective Age Is Associated With Estimated Brain Age
Theta Oscillations Index Frontal Decision-Making and Mediate Reciprocal Frontal-Parietal Interactions in Willed Attention.
Individual differences in valence bias: fMRI evidence of the initial negativity hypothesis
Neural functional architecture and modulation during decision making under uncertainty in individuals with generalized anxiety disorder
Evaluation of the default-mode network by quantitative 15O-PET: comparative study between cerebral blood flow and oxygen consumption
Optical Mapping of Brain Activation and Connectivity in Occipitotemporal Cortex During Chinese Character Recognition.
The Role of the Cerebellum in Skin-Picking Disorder
Increased cognitive control and reduced emotional interference is associated with reduced PTSD symptom severity in a trauma-exposed sample: A preliminary longitudinal study.
The association between visual creativity and cortical thickness in healthy adults.
Heritability of neural reactions to social exclusion and prosocial compensation in middle childhood
Reliability, Convergent Validity and Time Invariance of Default Mode Network Deviations in Early Adult Major Depressive Disorder
The resilient brain: psychological resilience mediates the effect of amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations in orbitofrontal cortex on subjective well-being in young healthy adults
Stereotype-based stressors facilitate emotional memory neural network connectivity and encoding of negative information to degrade math self-perceptions among women
Effect of task difficulty on blood-oxygen-level-dependent signal: A functional magnetic resonance imaging study in a motion discrimination task
Examining neural correlates of psychopathology using a lesion-based approach.
Neural correlates of glucocorticoids effects on autobiographical memory retrieval in healthy women.
Effects of a 7-Day Meditation Retreat on the Brain Function of Meditators and Non-Meditators During an Attention Task
Neural Correlates of Moral Evaluation and Psychopathic Traits in Male Multi-Problem Young Adults
Participation of the caudal cerebellar lobule IX to the dorsal attentional network
Exploration of intrinsic brain activity in migraine with and without comorbid depression
Neural systems of cognitive demand avoidance.
Tactile-to-Visual Cross-Modal Transfer of Texture Categorisation Following Training: An fMRI Study
Disruption of Boundary Encoding During Sensorimotor Sequence Learning: An MEG Study
Dynamic Facial Expressions Prime the Processing of Emotional Prosody
Central serotonin modulates neural responses to virtual violent actions in emotion regulation networks
Structural changes in brain regions involved in executive-control and self-referential processing after sleeve gastrectomy in obese patients.
Age differences in the neural response to emotional distraction during working memory encoding
A Strategy to Reduce Bias of Entropy Estimates in Resting-State fMRI Signals
Cooperative and Competitive Contextual Effects on Social Cognitive and Empathic Neural Responses
Topological Reorganization of the Default Mode Network in Severe Male Obstructive Sleep Apnea
Structural Changes Induced by Acupuncture in the Recovering Brain after Ischemic Stroke
Acute tramadol enhances brain activity associated with reward anticipation in the nucleus accumbens.
Examining the Triple Code Model in numerical cognition: An fMRI study
Disrupted amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations and causal connectivity in Parkinson's disease with apathy.
Orbitofrontal Signaling of Future Reward is Associated with Hyperactivity in Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder
Abnormal dynamics of functional connectivity density in children with benign epilepsy with centrotemporal spikes.
Neural specialization of phonological and semantic processing in young children.
Nonlinear neuroplasticity corresponding to sports experience: A voxel-based morphometry and resting-state functional connectivity study.
Fronto-striatal effective connectivity of working memory in adults with cannabis use disorder.
Exercise-induced neuroplasticity: Balance training increases cortical thickness in visual and vestibular cortical regions.
Mapping the topological organisation of beta oscillations in motor cortex using MEG
Default-mode network dynamics are restricted during high speed discrimination in healthy aging: Associations with neurocognitive status and simulated driving behavior.
Neuroanatomy of Shared Conversational Laughter in Neurodegenerative Disease
Evidence for distinct levels of neural adaptation to both coherent and incoherently moving visual surfaces in visual area hMT.
White matter measures correlate with essential tremor severity—A pilot diffusion tensor imaging study
White matter microstructure in anorexia nervosa.
Neural correlates of gender congruence in audiovisual commercials for gender-targeted products: An fMRI study.
Reduced task durations in functional PET imaging with [F]FDG approaching that of functional MRI.
Open monitoring meditation reduces the involvement of brain regions related to memory function
Cortical Plasticity After Surgical Tendon Transfer in Tetraplegics
Mapping the Neural Dynamics of Korean–English Bilinguals With Medium Proficiency During Auditory Word Processing
Narrative comprehension beyond language: Common brain networks activated by a movie and its script
Brain correlates of adult attachment style: A voxel-based morphometry study.
Non-linear ICA Analysis of Resting-State fMRI in Mild Cognitive Impairment
Neural Basis of Depression Related to a Dominant Right Hemisphere: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Dynamic Interactions between Emotion Perception and Action Preparation for Reacting to Social Threat: A Combined cTBS-fMRI Study
Brain response to food brands correlates with increased intake from branded meals in children: an fMRI study.
Altered reward-related neural responses in non-manifesting carriers of the Parkinson disease related LRRK2 mutation.
Frequency-specific alterations of regional homogeneity in subcortical stroke patients with different outcomes in hand function.
Episodic memory and executive functions in cognitively healthy individuals display distinct neuroanatomical correlates which are differentially modulated by aging
Longitudinal Changes of Caudate-Based Resting State Functional Connectivity in Mild Traumatic Brain Injury
The neural underpinnings of cross-cultural differences in creativity.
Functional reorganization of the conceptual brain system after deafness in early childhood
Frequency-Dependent Changes of the Resting BOLD Signals Predicts Cognitive Deficits in Asymptomatic Carotid Artery Stenosis
Fast and accurate Slicewise OutLIer Detection (SOLID) with informed model estimation for diffusion MRI data.
Gender incongruence and the brain - Behavioral and neural correlates of voice gender perception in transgender people.
Aberrant functional connectivity between the thalamus and visual cortex is related to attentional impairment in schizophrenia.
Association of excessive social media use with abnormal white matter integrity of the corpus callosum.
Neural Basis of Sensorimotor Plasticity in Speech Motor Adaptation.
Reduced engagement of the anterior cingulate cortex in the dishonest decision-making of incarcerated psychopaths
What the brain ‘Likes’: neural correlates of providing feedback on social media
Basal ganglia involvement in ARX patients: The reason for ARX patients very specific grasping?
Classification of multi-site MR images in the presence of heterogeneity using multi-task learning☆
Longitudinal structural gray matter and white matter MRI changes in presymptomatic progranulin mutation carriers
Short- and long-range synergism disorders in lifelong premature ejaculation evaluated using the functional connectivity density and network property
Trait Emotional Empathy and Resting State Functional Connectivity in Default Mode, Salience, and Central Executive Networks
Abnormal Regional Homogeneity and Functional Connectivity of Baseline Brain Activity in Hepatitis B Virus-Related Cirrhosis With and Without Minimal Hepatic Encephalopathy
Cortical and Subcortical Alterations in Medication Overuse Headache
Abnormal degree centrality in chronic users of codeine-containing cough syrups: A resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Adolescents show differential dysfunctions related to Alcohol and Cannabis Use Disorder severity in emotion and executive attention neuro-circuitries
dACC response to presentation of negative feedback predicts stimulant dependence diagnosis and stimulant use severity☆
Adult dyslexic readers benefit less from visual input during audiovisual speech processing: fMRI evidence.
Interactions between frontal and posterior oscillatory dynamics support adjustment of stimulus processing during reinforcement learning.
Progressive Ventricles Enlargement and Cerebrospinal Fluid Volume Increases as a Marker of Neurodegeneration in Patients with Spinal Cord Injury: A Longitudinal Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Gene by Culture Effects on Emotional Processing of Social Cues among East Asians and European Americans
Adolescent Hippocampal and Prefrontal Brain Activation During Performance of the Virtual Morris Water Task
A Voxel-Wise Meta-Analysis of Gray Matter Abnormalities in Essential Tremor
Visual integration of objects and scenes increases recollection-based responding despite differential MTL recruitment in young and older adults.
Resting-state fMRI study on drug-naive patients of essential tremor with and without head tremor
Altered Intrinsic Coupling between Functional Connectivity Density and Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuation in Mild Cognitive Impairment with Depressive Symptoms
Test-retest variability of resting-state networks in healthy aging and prodromal Alzheimer's disease
Alterations to task positive and task negative networks during executive functioning in Mild Cognitive Impairment
Brain activation during the expectations of sensory experience for cutaneous electrical stimulation
Motor cognition in patients treated with subthalamic nucleus deep brain stimulation: Limits of compensatory overactivity in Parkinson's disease.
Vasogenic cerebral edema associated with the disability in activities of daily living in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
Involvement of amygdala–prefrontal dysfunction in the influence of negative emotion on the resolution of cognitive conflict in patients with schizophrenia
Intrinsic connectivity network dynamics in PTSD during amygdala downregulation using real-time fMRI neurofeedback: A preliminary analysis.
Dorsal and ventral visual stream contributions to preserved reading ability in patients with central alexia.
Correlations between exploratory eye movement, hallucination, and cortical gray matter volume in people with schizophrenia
Pepper with and without a sting: Brain processing of intranasal trigeminal and olfactory stimuli from the same source.
Integrated deep visual and semantic attractor neural networks predict fMRI pattern-information along the ventral object processing pathway
Long-term brain effects of N-back training: an fMRI study.
Frequency and amplitude modulation of resting-state fMRI signals and their functional relevance in normal aging.
The neural bases of price estimation: Effects of size and precision of the estimate.
Young children in different linguistic environments: A multimodal neuroimaging study of the inferior frontal gyrus.
Amygdala response and functional connectivity during cognitive emotion regulation of aversive image sequences.
The effect of tDCS on functional connectivity in primary progressive aphasia
The neuropsychological profiles and semantic-critical regions of right semantic dementia
Apathy and brain alterations in Parkinson's disease: a multimodal imaging study
Functional connectivity in category-selective brain networks after encoding predicts subsequent memory.
Neuro-cognitive mechanisms of global Gestalt perception in visual quantification.
Distinct Cognitive and Brain Morphological Features in Healthy Subjects Unaware of Informant-Reported Cognitive Decline
The Action Representation Elicited by Different Types of Drug-Related Cues in Heroin-Abstinent Individuals
Novel Functional MRI Task for Studying the Neural Correlates of Upper Limb Tremor
The Neural Basis of Fear Promotes Anger and Sadness Counteracts Anger
Neural responses to emotional involuntary memories in posttraumatic stress disorder: Differences in timing and activity
Isolated focal dystonia phenotypes are associated with distinct patterns of altered microstructure.
Functional and structural brain networks in posterior cortical atrophy: A two-centre multiparametric MRI study
A pilot investigation of differential neuroendocrine associations with fronto-limbic activation during semantically-cued list learning in mood disorders.
Functional cerebral asymmetry analyses reveal how the control system implements its flexibility.
Asymmetric neural tracking of gain and loss magnitude during adolescence.
Cognitive neuroscience using wearable magnetometer arrays: Non-invasive assessment of language function
Altered Spontaneous Regional Brain Activity in the Insula and Visual Areas of Professional Traditional Chinese Pingju Opera Actors
Overlapping but Divergent Neural Correlates Underpinning Audiovisual Synchrony and Temporal Order Judgments
Brain responses during strategic online gaming of varying proficiencies: Implications for better gaming
A dual-fMRI investigation of the iterated Ultimatum Game reveals that reciprocal behaviour is associated with neural alignment
Motion cues modulate responses to emotion in movies
Cortical Gray Matter Loss, Augmented Vulnerability to Speech-on-Speech Masking, and Delusion in People With Schizophrenia
How do morphological alterations caused by chronic pain distribute across the brain? A meta-analytic co-alteration study
Longitudinal structural cerebral changes related to core CSF biomarkers in preclinical Alzheimer's disease: A study of two independent datasets
Neural correlates of attention bias to masked facial threat cues: Examining children at-risk for social anxiety disorder
The Neural Correlates of Relational Reasoning: A Meta-analysis of 47 Functional Magnetic Resonance Studies.
Resting state fMRI reveals the altered synchronization of BOLD signals in essential tremor.
Orbitofrontal connectivity is associated with depression and anxiety in marijuana-using adolescents.
Individual Differences in the Neural and Cognitive Mechanisms of Single Word Reading
The effect of ageing on the neural substrates of incidental encoding leading to recollection or familiarity.
Structural and functional abnormality of the putamen in children with developmental dyslexia.
Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) facilitates verb learning by altering effective connectivity in the healthy brain.
Neural architecture underlying person perception from in-group and out-group voices.
Response Hand and Motor Set Differentially Modulate the Connectivity of Brain Pathways During Simple Uni-manual Motor Behavior.
Early Cannabis Use and Neurocognitive Risk: A Prospective Functional Neuroimaging Study.
Acupuncture Modulates the Cerebello-Thalamo-Cortical Circuit and Cognitive Brain Regions in Patients of Parkinson's Disease With Tremor
Contribution of the Lateral Prefrontal Cortex to Cognitive-Postural Multitasking
Dynamic functional network connectivity discriminates mild traumatic brain injury through machine learning
Neural correlates of taste reactivity in autism spectrum disorder
Sleep apnea: Altered brain connectivity underlying a working-memory challenge.
Decoding moral emotions in obsessive-compulsive disorder
The cerebral metabolic topography of spinocerebellar ataxia type 3.
Real-time fMRI neurofeedback training of the amygdala activity with simultaneous EEG in veterans with combat-related PTSD
Altered white matter microarchitecture in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis: A voxel-based meta-analysis of diffusion tensor imaging
Altered regional brain T2 relaxation times in individuals with chronic orofacial neuropathic pain
Altered perspective-dependent brain activation while viewing hands and associated imitation difficulties in individuals with autism spectrum disorder.
Brain connectivity changes when comparing effects of subthalamic deep brain stimulation with levodopa treatment in Parkinson's disease
North American Football Fans Show Neurofunctional Differences in Response to Violence: Implications for Public Health and Policy
Neurofilament relates to white matter microstructure in older adults.
A View Behind the Mask of Sanity: Meta-Analysis of Aberrant Brain Activity in Psychopaths
Decreased Connection Between Reward Systems and Paralimbic Cortex in Depressive Patients
Stability of Kinect for range of motion analysis in static stretching exercises
Mapping individual voxel-wise morphological connectivity using wavelet transform of voxel-based morphology
Altered neural responsivity to food cues in relation to food preferences, but not appetite-related hormone concentrations after RYGB-surgery.
Relationship between ambient light and glucose metabolism in healthy subjects
Differences in Cortical Structure and Functional MRI Connectivity in High Functioning Autism
Neuromodulation of reinforced skill learning reveals the causal function of prefrontal cortex.
Retained capacity for perceptual learning of degraded speech in primary progressive aphasia and Alzheimer’s disease
Altered resting‐state functional connectivity of the putamen and internal globus pallidus is related to speech impairment in Parkinson's disease
The Role of Endogenous Oxytocin in Anxiolysis: Structural and Functional Correlates.
Pattern of neural divergence in adults with prelingual deafness: Based on structural brain analysis.
Inhibitory Control Impairment on Somatosensory Gating Due to Aging: An Event-Related Potential Study
Resting-state functional connectivity of subcortical locomotor centers explains variance in walking capacity.
Reorganization of cerebro-cerebellar circuit in patients with left hemispheric gliomas involving language network: A combined structural and resting-state functional MRI study.
Rigidity in Motor Behavior and Brain Functioning in Patients With Schizophrenia and High Levels of Apathy.
Differences in BOLD responses in brain reward network reflect the tendency to assimilate a surprising flavor stimulus to an expected stimulus.
Neuroticism and conscientiousness respectively positively and negatively correlated with the network characteristic path length in dorsal lateral prefrontal cortex: A resting‐state fNIRS study
Roles of posterior parietal and dorsal premotor cortices in relative pitch processing: Comparing musical intervals to lexical tones.
All-Resolutions Inference for brain imaging.
Quality of maternal behaviour during infancy predicts functional connectivity between default mode network and salience network 9 years later
Involvement of the Cingulate Cortex in Anosognosia: A Multimodal Neuroimaging Study in Alzheimer’s Disease Patients
Neural processing of the own child's facial emotions in mothers with a history of early life maltreatment.
Experimental and methodological factors affecting test-retest reliability of amygdala BOLD responses.
Exploring the neuromechanism of chronic ephedrine addiction in rhesus monkeys: A behavioural and brain resting-state fMRI study.
Anxiety in Parkinson's disease is associated with reduced structural covariance of the striatum.
Feeling left out: depressed adolescents may atypically recruit emotional salience and regulation networks during social exclusion
Prefrontal Control Over Occipital Responses to Crossmodal Overlap Varies Across the Congruency Spectrum.
Control Engagement During Sentence and Inhibition fMRI Tasks in Children With Reading Difficulties
Exploring Age-Related Changes in Resting State Functional Connectivity of the Amygdala: From Young to Middle Adulthood
Altered Long- and Short-Range Functional Connectivity Density in Healthy Subjects After Sleep Deprivations
Bariatric surgery in obese patients reduced resting connectivity of brain regions involved with self-referential processing.
Brain Mechanisms of Arithmetic: A Crucial Role for Ventral Temporal Cortex.
Verbal Paired Associates and the Hippocampus: The Role of Scenes
Investigation on the Neural Mechanism of Hypnosis-Based Respiratory Control Using Functional MRI
The Age-Related Perfusion Pattern Measured With Arterial Spin Labeling MRI in Healthy Subjects
Abnormal Functional Connectivity Density in Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
Pairing neutral cues with alcohol intoxication: new findings in executive and attention networks.
Common and distinct abnormal frontal-limbic system structural and functional patterns in patients with major depression and bipolar disorder
Altered hippocampal GABA and glutamate levels and uncoupling from functional connectivity in multiple sclerosis.
Dissociation of Tau Deposits and Brain Atrophy in Early Alzheimer’s Disease: A Combined Positron Emission Tomography/Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Model-based fMRI reveals dissimilarity processes underlying base rate neglect
Neural responses when learning spatial and object sequencing tasks via imitation
Functional brain changes in auditory phantom perception evoked by different stimulus frequencies.
Analysis of voxel-mirrored homotopic connectivity in medication-free, current major depressive disorder.
Local response heterogeneity indexes experience-based neural differentiation in reading.
Neural correlates of social cognitive introspective accuracy in schizophrenia.
Thinking about the past to shape the present: neural activation during the recall of relationship episodes.
Clinical Effects and Differences in Neural Function Connectivity Revealed by MRI in Subacute Hemispheric and Brainstem Infarction Patients With Dysphagia After Swallowing Therapy
Dynamic Neural Network Reconfiguration During the Generation and Reinstatement of Mnemonic Representations
Cerebral and behavioural response to human voices is mediated by sex and sexual orientation.
Putting the pieces together: Generating a novel representational space through deductive reasoning.
Differentiable Processing of Objects, Associations, and Scenes within the Hippocampus
Neuroanatomical Correlates of the Unity and Diversity Model of Executive Function in Young Adults
“Luteal Analgesia”: Progesterone Dissociates Pain Intensity and Unpleasantness by Influencing Emotion Regulation Networks
Possible Neurobiological Underpinnings of Homosexuality and Gender Dysphoria.
Neural correlates of sibling closeness and association with externalizing behavior in adolescence
Child brain exhibits a multi-rhythmic response to attachment cues
The Functional Neuroanatomy of Lexical Tone Perception: An Activation Likelihood Estimation Meta-Analysis
Emotion Regulation Using Virtual Environments and Real-Time fMRI Neurofeedback
Altered Resting-State Functional Activity in Patients With Autism Spectrum Disorder: A Quantitative Meta-Analysis
Alexithymia in Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis and Its Neural Correlates
Gray matter density reduction associated with adjuvant chemotherapy in older women with breast cancer
Effects of Different Cognitive Trainings on Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment in the Elderly: A One-Year Longitudinal Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) Study
Effects of levodopa therapy on voxel-based degree centrality in Parkinson's disease.
Aberrant Neural Activation Underlying Idiom Comprehension in Korean Children with High Functioning Autism Spectrum Disorder
Towards response success prediction: An integrative approach using high-resolution fMRI and autonomic indices.
Functional Neuroimaging Evidence for Distinct Neurobiological Pathways in Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder.
Inhibit My Disinhibition: The Role of the Inferior Frontal Cortex in Sexual Inhibition and the Modulatory Influence of Sexual Excitation Proneness
Ketamine normalizes brain activity during emotionally valenced attentional processing in depression
Hippocampal functional connectivity is related to self-reported cognitive concerns in breast cancer patients undergoing adjuvant therapy
A functional limitation to the lower limbs affects the neural bases of motor imagery of gait
Lateral parietal contributions to memory impairment in posterior cortical atrophy
Neuro-Cognitive Effects of Acute Tyrosine Administration on Reactive and Proactive Response Inhibition in Healthy Older Adults
The influence of semantic associations on sentence production in schizophrenia: an fMRI study.
Brain responses to pictures of children in men with pedophilic disorder: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Brain networks underlying conscious tactile perception of textures as revealed using the velvet hand illusion.
Cue reactivity and opioid blockade in amphetamine dependence: A randomized, controlled fMRI study.
Behavioural and neural responses to aversive visceral stimuli in women with primary dysmenorrhoea
Neural correlates of liraglutide effects in persons at risk for Alzheimer's disease.
Functional connectivity within the voice perception network and its behavioural relevance
Binge drinking is associated with attenuated frontal and parietal activation during successful response inhibition in fearful context.
The neurocognitive correlates of academic diligence in adolescent girls
Functional Connectivity Density, Local Brain Spontaneous Activity, and Their Coupling Strengths in Patients With Borderline Personality Disorder
Resting State Functional Connectivity of the Lateral and Medial Hypothalamus in Cocaine Dependence: An Exploratory Study
Neurocognitive Development of the Resolution of Selective Visuo-Spatial Attention: Functional MRI Evidence From Object Tracking
Neurodevelopmental changes in the relationship between stress perception and prefrontal-amygdala functional circuitry
Left lateralized cerebral glucose metabolism declines in amyloid-β positive persons with mild cognitive impairment
Structural and functional brain imaging in acute HIV
Neural correlates of phonological processing: Disrupted in children with dyslexia and enhanced in musically trained children
Altered Gamma Oscillations during Motor Control in Children with Autism Spectrum Disorder
Neuronal Specificity of Acupuncture in Alzheimer's Disease and Mild Cognitive Impairment Patients: A Functional MRI Study
Tinnitus Abnormal Brain Region Detection Based on Dynamic Causal Modeling and Exponential Ranking
Decreased cerebral blood flow and improved cognitive function in patients with end-stage renal disease after peritoneal dialysis: An arterial spin-labelling study
Altered somatosensory neurovascular response in patients with Becker muscular dystrophy
Cerebellar activation during a motor task in conversion disorder with motor paralysis: A case report and fMRI study
Prognostication of chronic disorders of consciousness using brain functional networks and clinical characteristics
Inter-subject correlation of temporoparietal junction activity is associated with conflict patterns during flexible decision-making.
Content-specific codes of parametric auditory working memory in humans.
Borderline Personality Disorder With Cocaine Dependence: Impulsivity, Emotional Dysregulation and Amygdala Functional Connectivity
Pragmatic abilities in multiple sclerosis: The contribution of the temporo-parietal junction.
Functional connectivity changes in the entorhinal cortex of taxi drivers
Structural and functional cerebral bases of diminished inhibitory control during healthy aging.
Timing Training in Female Soccer Players: Effects on Skilled Movement Performance and Brain Responses
Altered Regional Cortical Brain Activity in Healthy Subjects After Sleep Deprivation: A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Sleep quality and its association with the insular cortex in emotional empathy.
Prenatal maternal anxiety and children's brain structure and function: A systematic review of neuroimaging studies.
Neural representation of word categories is distinct in the temporal lobe: An activation likelihood analysis.
Singing in the brain: Neural representation of music and voice as revealed by fMRI.
Impact of substance use disorder on gray matter volume in schizophrenia.
The cerebellar topography of attention sub-components in spinocerebellar ataxia type 2.
Brain Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Cue-reactivity Can Predict Baclofen Response in Alcohol Use Disorders
Neural Signature for Auditory Hallucinations in Schizophrenia: A High-Resolution Positron Emission Tomography Study with Fludeoxyglucose (18F)
Maternal Cortisol Concentrations During Pregnancy and Sex-Specific Associations With Neonatal Amygdala Connectivity and Emerging Internalizing Behaviors.
Tinnitus distress is associated with enhanced resting-state functional connectivity within the default mode network
Resting-state functional changes in the precuneus within first-episode drug-naive patients with MDD
Gray Matter Volume and Cognitive Performance During Normal Aging. A Voxel-Based Morphometry Study
Resting-State Activity of Prefrontal-Striatal Circuits in Internet Gaming Disorder: Changes With Cognitive Behavior Therapy and Predictors of Treatment Response
Progressive Compromise of Nouns and Action Verbs in Posterior Cortical Atrophy
Dance Training Shapes Action Perception and Its Neural Implementation within the Young and Older Adult Brain
The Functional Role of Large-scale Brain Network Coordination in Placebo-induced Anxiolysis.
Reappraisal of Interpersonal Criticism in Social Anxiety Disorder: A Brain Network Hierarchy Perspective.
Predicting Treatment Response in Depression: The Role of Anterior Cingulate Cortex
Core Network Contributions to Remembering the Past, Imagining the Future, and Thinking Creatively.
Error-related Persistence of Motor Activity in Resting-state Networks.
Voxel‐based meta‐analysis of gray and white matter volume abnormalities in spinocerebellar ataxia type 2
Voxel-based morphology analysis of STZ-induced type 1 diabetes mellitus rats with and without cognitive impairment.
Aberrant Middle Prefrontal-Motor Cortex Connectivity Mediates Motor Inhibitory Biomarker in Schizophrenia.
Distinguishing Between Treatment-Resistant and Non-Treatment-Resistant Schizophrenia Using Regional Homogeneity
Gyrification changes are related to cognitive strengths in autism
TMS demonstrates that both right and left superior temporal sulci are important for facial expression recognition.
Perceptual Expectations of Object Stimuli Modulate Repetition Suppression in a Delayed Repetition Design
Beyond Domain-Specific Expertise: Neural Signatures of Face and Spatial Working Memory in Baduk (Go Game) Experts
Neural circuits activated by error amplification and haptic guidance training techniques during performance of a timing-based motor task by healthy individuals
Interhemispheric connectivity of primary sensory cortex is associated with motor impairment after stroke
Cognitive ability is associated with changes in the functional organization of the cognitive control brain network.
Atypical Local and Distal Patterns of Occipito-frontal Functional Connectivity are Related to Symptom Severity in Autism.
A cross-brain neural mechanism for human-to-human verbal communication
Differential effects of parent and peer presence on neural correlates of risk taking in adolescence
The interpreter's brain during rest — Hyperconnectivity in the frontal lobe
Excitatory Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation Induces Contralesional Cortico-Cerebellar Pathways After Acute Ischemic Stroke: A Preliminary DTI Study
Neural Correlates of Outcome Anticipation in Multiple Sclerosis
Neural Correlates of Compulsive Alcohol Seeking in Heavy Drinkers.
Structural and functional changes of the visual cortex in early Huntington's disease
Estriol‐mediated neuroprotection in multiple sclerosis localized by voxel‐based morphometry
The neural correlates of trustworthiness evaluations of faces and brands: Implications for behavioral and consumer neuroscience.
Anticipating the good and the bad: A study on the neural correlates of bivalent emotion anticipation and their malleability via attentional deployment.
Low on energy? An energy supply-demand perspective on stress and depression.
Aberrant interhemispheric functional connectivity in first-episode, drug-naïve major depressive disorder.
Anger provocation increases limbic and decreases medial prefrontal cortex connectivity with the left amygdala in reactive aggressive violent offenders
The impact of localized grey matter damage on neighboring connectivity: posterior cortical atrophy and the visual network.
Multivoxel pattern analysis of structural MRI in children and adolescents with conduct disorder.
Cortical thickness and subcortical volumes alterations in euthymic bipolar I patients treated with different mood stabilizers.
Abnormal neural response to phonological working memory demands in persistent developmental stuttering.
Mapping the Spatiotemporal Evolution of Emotional Processing: An MEG Study Across Arousal and Valence Dimensions
Reorganization of the Action Observation Network and Sensory-Motor System in Children with Unilateral Cerebral Palsy: An fMRI Study
Can measuring hippocampal atrophy with a fully automatic method be substantially less noisy than manual segmentation over both 1 and 3 years?
Neural Evidence of Cross-domain Structural Interaction between Language and Arithmetic
Decreased Gray Matter Volume of Cuneus and Lingual Gyrus in Schizophrenia Patients with Tardive Dyskinesia is Associated with Abnormal Involuntary Movement
Effects of perinatal blood pressure on maternal brain functional connectivity
Being a leader in a rhythmic interaction activates reward-related brain regions.
Discriminating Formal Representations of Risk in Anterior Cingulate Cortex and Inferior Frontal Gyrus
Interpretation of Social Interactions: Functional Imaging of Cognitive-Semiotic Categories During Naturalistic Viewing
The Motivation-Based Promotion of Proactive Control: The Role of Salience Network
Abnormal Spontaneous Brain Activity in Early Parkinson’s Disease With Mild Cognitive Impairment: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Brain, Behavior, and Cognitive Interplay in Disorders of Consciousness: A Multiple Case Study
The Neural and Behavioral Correlates of Anomia Recovery following Personalized Observation, Execution, and Mental Imagery Therapy: A Proof of Concept
Concurrent Cortical Representations of Function- and Size-Related Object Affordances: An fMRI Study
Development of Prefrontal Cortical Connectivity and the Enduring Effect of Learned Value on Cognitive Control.
A novel concurrent TMS‐fMRI method to reveal propagation patterns of prefrontal magnetic brain stimulation
Intrinsic connectivity networks underlying individual differences in control-averse behavior.
Cerebral blood flow in acute concussion: preliminary ASL findings from the NCAA-DoD CARE consortium.
Frequency specific resting state functional abnormalities in psychosis.
Neural correlates of creative insight: Amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation of resting-state brain activity predicts creative insight
Where and how our brain represents the temporal structure of observed action
Evidence for a functional specialization of ventral anterior temporal lobe for language.
Maturation of the Human Cerebral Cortex During Adolescence: Myelin or Dendritic Arbor?
Quantitative MRI of rostral spinal cord and brain regions is predictive of functional recovery in acute spinal cord injury
Data-driven tensor independent component analysis for model-based connectivity neurofeedback.
Widespread white-matter microstructure integrity reduction in first-episode schizophrenia patients after acute antipsychotic treatment.
Recognizing Frustration of Drivers From Face Video Recordings and Brain Activation Measurements With Functional Near-Infrared Spectroscopy
Sex differences in resting-state cerebral activity alterations in internet gaming disorder.
Critical brain regions related to post-stroke aphasia severity identified by early diffusion imaging are not the same when predicting short- and long-term outcome.
Quality of life is related to the functional connectivity of the default mode network at rest.
Activation of brainstem and midbrain nuclei during cognitive control in medicated patients with schizophrenia.
The Experience of Beauty of Chinese Poetry and Its Neural Substrates
Functional Connectivity Alterations in Children with Spastic and Dyskinetic Cerebral Palsy
Callosal and subcortical white matter alterations in schizophrenia: A diffusion tensor imaging study at multiple levels.
Cytoarchitecture, probability maps, and functions of the human supplementary and pre-supplementary motor areas
Prospection, Perseverance, and Insight in Sequential Behavior
Expectation of exercise in trained athletes results in a reduction of central processing to nociceptive stimulation.
Global gray matter morphometry differences between children with reading disability, ADHD, and comorbid reading disability/ADHD.
Habenular connectivity may predict treatment response in depressed psychiatric inpatients.
A comparative fMRI meta-analysis of altruistic and strategic decisions to give.
Alterations of static functional connectivity and dynamic functional connectivity in motor execution regions after stroke.
Internet Game Overuse Is Associated With an Alteration of Fronto-Striatal Functional Connectivity During Reward Feedback Processing
Lateralized Brainstem and Cervical Spinal Cord Responses to Aversive Sounds: A Spinal fMRI Study
The influence of the descending pain modulatory system on infant pain-related brain activity
Association of the oxytocin receptor gene with attitudinal trust: role of amygdala volume
Oxytocin reduces neural activation in response to infant faces in nulliparous young women
Grey Matter Volumes in the Executive Attention System Predict Individual Differences in Effortful Control in Young Adults.
Neural correlates of the energetic value of food during visual processing and response inhibition.
Abnormal intrinsic cerebro-cerebellar functional connectivity in un-medicated patients with bipolar disorder and major depressive disorder.
Predicting trait-like individual differences in fear of pain in the healthy state using gray matter volume.
Biomarker correlates of psychotherapy outcomes in borderline personality disorder: A systematic review.
Respect and admiration differentially activate the anterior temporal lobe.
The neural correlates of flow experience explored with transcranial direct current stimulation.
Anatomical Templates of the Midbrain Ventral Tegmental Area and Substantia Nigra for Asian Populations
Distortion of Visuo-Motor Temporal Integration in Apraxia: Evidence From Delayed Visual Feedback Detection Tasks and Voxel-Based Lesion-Symptom Mapping
Effects of primatological training on anthropomorphic valuations of emotions
Does emotion regulation engage the same neural circuit as working memory? A meta-analytical comparison between cognitive reappraisal of negative emotion and 2-back working memory task
Dopamine-dependent cognitive processes after menopause: the relationship between COMT genotype, estradiol, and working memory.
An fMRI study of theory of mind in individuals with first episode psychosis.
Looking up to virtue: averting gaze facilitates moral construals via posteromedial activations
Moral Violations and the Experience of Disgust and Anger
Sex Differences in Spontaneous Brain Activity in Adolescents With Conduct Disorder
Source-based morphometry reveals gray matter differences related to suicidal behavior in criminal offenders.
Relationship between extraversion personality and gray matter volume and functional connectivity density in healthy young adults: an fMRI study.
Aggressiveness of martial artists correlates with reduced temporal pole grey matter concentration.
Shared understanding of narratives is correlated with shared neural responses.
Diminished gray matter density mediates chemotherapy dosage-related cognitive impairment in breast cancer patients
Common and distinct neural substrates of the money illusion in win and loss domains.
Water-exchange MRI detects subtle blood-brain barrier breakdown in Alzheimer's disease rats.
Effects of low- and high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on long-latency auditory evoked potentials.
Processing number and length in the parietal cortex: Sharing resources, not a common code.
How does human motor cortex regulate vocal pitch in singers?
Motivation Modulates Brain Networks in Response to Faces Varying in Race and Status: A Multivariate Approach
Human Rapid Eye Movement Sleep Shows Local Increases in Low-Frequency Oscillations and Global Decreases in High-Frequency Oscillations Compared to Resting Wakefulness
Dorsal premotor cortex is related to recognition of verbal and visual descriptions of actions in the first-person perspective.
Regional white matter volume abnormalities in first-episode somatization disorder.
Hippocampal-subregion functional alterations associated with antidepressant effects and cognitive impairments of electroconvulsive therapy
Encoding Praise and Criticism During Social Evaluation Alters Interactive Responses in the Mentalizing and Affective Learning Networks
Empirical Comparison of Distributed Source Localization Methods for Single-Trial Detection of Movement Preparation
Neuroimaging Metrics of Drug and Food Processing in Cocaine-Dependence, as a Function of Psychopathic Traits and Substance Use Severity
Subregions of the Anterior Cingulate Cortex Form Distinct Functional Connectivity Patterns in Young Males With Internet Gaming Disorder With Comorbid Depression
White-Matter Structural Connectivity in Relation to Humor Styles: An Exploratory Study
Effect of smoking status on neuronal responses to graphic cigarette warning labels
Distinct Patterns of Interhemispheric Connectivity in Patients With Early- and Late-Onset Alzheimer’s Disease
Functional Neuroanatomy of Second Language Sentence Comprehension: An fMRI Study of Late Learners of American Sign Language
Typical asymmetry in the hemispheric activation during an fMRI verbal comprehension paradigm is related to better performance in verbal and non-verbal tasks in patients with epilepsy
White matter diffusion alterations precede symptom onset in autosomal dominant Alzheimer’s disease
An endocannabinoid receptor polymorphism modulates affective processing under stress
Impaired Right Temporoparietal Junction-Hippocampus Connectivity in Schizophrenia and Its Relevance for Generating Representations of Other Minds.
Subgoal- and Goal-related Reward Prediction Errors in Medial Prefrontal Cortex.
Hemifield-specific Correlations between Cue-related Blood Oxygen Level Dependent Activity in Bilateral Nodes of the Dorsal Attention Network and Attentional Benefits in a Spatial Orienting Paradigm.
Reduction in gray matter of cerebellum in schizophrenia and its influence on static and dynamic connectivity.
Mapping adolescent reward anticipation, receipt, and prediction error during the monetary incentive delay task.
Disrupted asymmetry of inter- and intra-hemispheric functional connectivity in patients with drug-naive, first-episode schizophrenia and their unaffected siblings
Brain responses to different types of salience in antipsychotic naïve first episode psychosis: An fMRI study
Functional Connectivity of the Precuneus in Unmedicated Patients With Depression.
Altered temporal variance and functional connectivity of BOLD signal is associated with state anxiety during acute systemic inflammation.
Neural correlates of risk perception as a function of risk level: An approach to the study of risk through a daily life task.
Group analysis data representing the effects of frontopolar transcranial direct current stimulation on the default mode network
Abnormal brain processing of gentle touch in anorexia nervosa.
Neural correlates of multi-day learning and savings in sensorimotor adaptation
Anticipation and violated expectation of pain are influenced by trait rumination: An fMRI study
Insufficient task-outcome association promotes task procrastination through a decrease of hippocampal-striatal interaction.
Resting state functional connectivity of networks associated with reward and habit in anorexia nervosa.
Reward-related regions form a preferentially coupled system at rest.
Interactions between neural decision-making circuits predict long-term dietary treatment success in obesity.
Performance Level and Cortical Atrophy Modulate the Neural Response to Increasing Working Memory Load in Younger and Older Adults
Repetitive Transcranial Electrical Stimulation Induces Quantified Changes in Resting Cerebral Perfusion Measured from Arterial Spin Labeling
The Neural Substrate of Reward Anticipation in Health: A Meta-Analysis of fMRI Findings in the Monetary Incentive Delay Task
Differential brain mechanisms for processing distracting information in task-relevant and -irrelevant dimensions in visual search.
Neural Basis of Dispositional Awe
The effect of midlife cardiovascular risk factors on white matter hyperintensity volume and cognition two decades later in normal ageing women.
Dysregulation within the salience network and default mode network in hyperthyroid patients: a follow-up resting-state functional MRI study.
Spatio-temporal patterns of cognitive control revealed with simultaneous electroencephalography and functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Brain and soccer: Functional patterns of brain activity during the generation of creative moves in real soccer decision‐making situations
Anhedonia and depression severity dissociated by dmPFC resting-state functional connectivity in adolescents
Alterations in intrinsic fronto-thalamo-parietal connectivity are associated with cognitive control deficits in psychotic disorders.
Insight and emotion regulation in schizophrenia: A brain activation and functional connectivity study
Distinct sensitivities of the lateral prefrontal cortex and extrastriate body area to contingency between executed and observed actions.
Salience network structural integrity predicts executive impairment in alcohol use disorders
Does development moderate the effect of early life assaultive violence on resting-state networks? An exploratory study.
A quantitative meta-analysis of fMRI studies investigating emotional processing in excessive worriers: Application of activation likelihood estimation analysis.
Aggression modulates neural correlates of hostile intention attribution to laughter in children.
The influence of acoustic startle probes on fear learning in humans
Neuropsychiatric complications and neuroimaging characteristics after deep brain stimulation surgery for Parkinson's disease.
Abnormal neurite density and orientation dispersion in unilateral temporal lobe epilepsy detected by advanced diffusion imaging
Distinctive tics suppression network in Gilles de la Tourette syndrome distinguished from suppression of natural urges using multimodal imaging
Morphological processing in the brain: The good (inflection), the bad (derivation) and the ugly (compounding).
Early Findings on Functional Connectivity Correlates of Behavioral Outcomes of Brain-Computer Interface Stroke Rehabilitation Using Machine Learning
Reconfiguration of Dynamic Functional Connectivity in Sensory and Perceptual System in Schizophrenia.
Gender-related differences in neural responses to gaming cues before and after gaming: implications for gender-specific vulnerabilities to Internet gaming disorder
Disrupted interactions among the hippocampal, dorsal attention, and central-executive networks in amnestic mild cognitive impairment.
Abnormal cerebellum-DMN regions connectivity in unmedicated bipolar II disorder.
Altered spontaneous brain activity patterns in strabismus with amblyopia patients using amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation: a resting-state fMRI study
Anatomical and Functional MRI Changes after One Year of Auditory Rehabilitation with Hearing Aids
Adaptation of brain functional stream architecture in athletes with fast demands of sensorimotor integration.
Shifted balance of dorsal versus ventral striatal communication with frontal reward and regulatory regions in cannabis-dependent males.
Multimodal MRI suggests that male homosexuality may be linked to cerebral midline structures
Meta-analyses of the neural mechanisms and predictors of response to psychotherapy in depression and anxiety
Distinct brain areas process novel and repeating tone sequences.
Eight Weddings and Six Funerals: An fMRI Study on Autobiographical Memories
Altered Functional Connectivity in Resting State Networks in Tourette’s Disorder
Common and Unique Neural Systems Underlying the Working Memory Maintenance of Emotional vs. Bodily Reactions to Affective Stimuli: The Moderating Role of Trait Emotional Awareness
Observing Action Sequences Elicits Sequence-Specific Neural Representations in Frontoparietal Brain Regions
The Role of Amygdala in Patients With Euthymic Bipolar Disorder During Resting State
Longitudinal Task-Related Functional Connectivity Changes Predict Reading Development
Disruption of superficial white matter in the emotion regulation network in bipolar disorder
Training emotion regulation through real-time fMRI neurofeedback of amygdala activity.
Cognitive-behavioral therapy effects on alerting network activity and effective connectivity in panic disorder.
Impact of induced anxiety on neural responses to monetary incentives.
Impact of FAAH genetic variation on fronto-amygdala function during emotional processing.
A meta-analytic study of experimental and chronic orofacial pain excluding headache disorders
Alterations in Resting-State Networks Following In Utero Selective Serotonin Reuptake Inhibitor Exposure in the Neonatal Brain.
Brain functional and effective connectivity underlying the information processing speed assessed by the Symbol Digit Modalities Test.
Abnormal Functional Connectivity Density in Post-Stroke Aphasia.
Verbal adynamia in parkinsonian syndromes: behavioral correlates and neuroanatomical substrate
The Association Between Genetic Variation in FOXP2 and Sensorimotor Control of Speech Production
Role of the Cingulate Cortex in Dyskinesias-Reduced-Self-Awareness: An fMRI Study on Parkinson’s Disease Patients
Representing Multiple Observed Actions in the Motor System.
Time ambiguity during intertemporal decision-making is aversive, impacting choice and neural value coding.
Advanced Hadamard-encoded editing of seven low-concentration brain metabolites: Principles of HERCULES.
The experience of vivid autobiographical reminiscence is supported by subjective content representations in the precuneus
Gray Matter Structural Alterations in Social Anxiety Disorder: A Voxel-Based Meta-Analysis
Modulatory Effects of Levodopa on Cerebellar Connectivity in Parkinson’s Disease
Weaker semantic language lateralization associated with better semantic language performance in healthy right‐handed children
The neuroanatomy of speech sequencing at the syllable level
Human posterior parietal and dorsal premotor cortex encode the visual properties of an upcoming action
Age-related differences in the activation of the mentalizing- and reward-related brain regions during the learning of others' true trustworthiness.
Linking structural and effective brain connectivity: structurally informed Parametric Empirical Bayes (si-PEB)
Brain gray and white matter abnormalities in preterm-born adolescents: A meta-analysis of voxel-based morphometry studies
Ovarian stromal cells as a source of cancer-associated fibroblasts in human epithelial ovarian cancer: A histopathological study
Taking common ground into account: Specifying the role of the mentalizing network in communicative language production
Exercise effects on bed rest-induced brain changes
A low-cost open-architecture taste delivery system for gustatory fMRI and BCI experiments.
Effects of tumor necrosis factor-α polymorphism on the brain structural changes of the patients with major depressive disorder
Conflicted between Goal-Directed and Habitual Control, an fMRI Investigation
The corticotopic organization of the human basal forebrain as revealed by regionally selective functional connectivity profiles.
Neuroimaging in Psychiatric Disorders: A Bibliometric Analysis of the 100 Most Highly Cited Articles.
Functional network connectivity is altered in patients with upper limb somatosensory impairments in the acute phase post stroke: A cross-sectional study
Interhemispheric interactions during sentence comprehension in patients with aphasia.
Altered neurovascular coupling in neuromyelitis optica.
Model testing for distinctive functional connectivity gradients with resting-state fMRI data.
Neural substrates of internally-based and externally-cued timing: An activation likelihood estimation (ALE) meta-analysis of fMRI studies.
Cerebral blood flow is not modulated following acute aerobic exercise in preadolescent children.
Abnormal amygdala resting-state functional connectivity in adults and adolescents with major depressive disorder: A comparative meta-analysis
Decreased cingulo-opercular network functional connectivity mediates the impact of aging on visual processing speed.
Modulatory interactions of resting-state brain functional connectivity in major depressive disorder
The Changes of Functional Connectivity Strength in Electroconvulsive Therapy for Depression: A Longitudinal Study
Neural Mechanisms Involved in Mental Imagery of Slip-Perturbation While Walking: A Preliminary fMRI Study
Structural Covariance Analysis Reveals Differences Between Dancers and Untrained Controls
Task-Switching Performance Improvements After Tai Chi Chuan Training Are Associated With Greater Prefrontal Activation in Older Adults
Apolipoprotein E ε4 Specifically Modulates the Hippocampus Functional Connectivity Network in Patients With Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment
Altered Prefrontal and Inferior Parietal Activity During a Stroop Task in Individuals With Problematic Hypersexual Behavior
Emotion Reactivity and Regulation in Adolescent Girls Following an Interpersonal Rejection.
Multivariate pattern analysis of the human pSTS: A comparison of three prototypical localizers.
Cognitive control neuroimaging measures differentiate between those with and without future recurrence of depression
Resting-state network connectivity in cognitively unimpaired drug-naïve patients with rigidity-dominant Parkinson's disease.
Modulation of prefrontal connectivity in postherpetic neuralgia patients with chronic pain: a resting-state functional magnetic resonance-imaging study
Disconfirmation modulates the neural correlates of the false consensus effect: A parametric modulation approach.
Dynamic Complexity of Spontaneous BOLD Activity in Alzheimer’s Disease and Mild Cognitive Impairment Using Multiscale Entropy Analysis
Somatosensory Stimulus Intensity Encoding in Borderline Personality Disorder
Association of degree of loss aversion and grey matter volume in superior frontal gyrus by voxel-based morphometry.
Functional connectivity of intrinsic cognitive networks during resting state and task performance in preadolescent children
Behavioral facilitation and increased brain responses from a high interference working memory context
Letter and Speech Sound Association in Emerging Readers With Familial Risk of Dyslexia
Pain Mirrors: Neural Correlates of Observing Self or Others’ Facial Expressions of Pain
Attentional set to safety recruits the ventral medial prefrontal cortex
Dissociation between the processing of humorous and monetary rewards in the ‘motivation’ and ‘hedonic’ brains
The benefits of negative yet informative feedback
Tactile enumeration: A case study of acalculia.
Atrophy, metabolism and cognition in the posterior cortical atrophy spectrum based on Alzheimer's disease cerebrospinal fluid biomarkers
Functional connectivity between the thalamus and the primary somatosensory cortex in major depressive disorder: a resting-state fMRI study
Gray matter changes in panic disorder: A voxel-based meta-analysis and meta-analytic connectivity modeling.
A functional genetic variation of SLC6A2 repressor hsa-miR-579-3p upregulates sympathetic noradrenergic processes of fear and anxiety
Abnormal Prefrontal Development in Pediatric Posttraumatic Stress Disorder: A Longitudinal Structural and Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study.
Amygdala Activation and Connectivity to Emotional Processing Distinguishes Asymptomatic Patients With Bipolar Disorders and Unipolar Depression.
Using fMRI and machine learning to predict symptom improvement following cognitive behavioural therapy for psychosis
Neural Correlates of Familiarity in Music Listening: A Systematic Review and a Neuroimaging Meta-Analysis
Involvement of the Precuneus/Posterior Cingulate Cortex Is Significant for the Development of Alzheimer’s Disease: A PET (THK5351, PiB) and Resting fMRI Study
Disrupted Coupling Between the Spontaneous Fluctuation and Functional Connectivity in Idiopathic Generalized Epilepsy
Where words and space collide: The overlapping neural activation of lexical and sublexical reading with voluntary and reflexive spatial attention.
What lies beneath peer acceptance in adolescence? Exploring the role of Nucleus Accumbens responsivity to self-serving and vicarious rewards
Characteristics of brain functional and structural connectivity in alexithymic students
A Correlational Study between Microstructural White Matter Properties and Macrostructural Gray Matter Volume Across Normal Ageing: Conjoint DTI and VBM Analysis
Role-Specific Brain Activations in Leaders and Followers During Joint Action
Progressive Decline in Gray and White Matter Integrity in de novo Parkinson’s Disease: An Analysis of Longitudinal Parkinson Progression Markers Initiative Diffusion Tensor Imaging Data
Separate brain areas for processing human and dog faces as revealed by awake fMRI in dogs (Canis familiaris).
Prenatal alcohol exposure affects brain function during place learning in a virtual environment differently in boys and girls
Praising others differently: neuroanatomical correlates to individual differences in trait gratitude and elevation
Appreciation of different styles of humor: An fMRI study
Default mode network connectivity change corresponds to ketamine's delayed glutamatergic effects.
I lie, why don't you: Neural mechanisms of individual differences in self-serving lying.
Polarity-specific modulation of pain processing by transcranial direct current stimulation – a blinded longitudinal fMRI study
Cerebellar and premotor activity during a non-fatiguing grip task reflects motor fatigue in relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis
Brain Functional Connectivity Plasticity Within and Beyond the Sensorimotor Network in Lower-Limb Amputees
Correlation of proinflammatory cytokines levels and reduced gray matter volumes between patients with bipolar disorder and unipolar depression.
Neurite orientation and dispersion density imaging (NODDI) detects cortical and corticospinal tract degeneration in ALS
Nucleus accumbens activation is linked to salience in social decision making.
Effect of emotional enhancement of memory on recollection process in young adults: the influence factors and neural mechanisms
Decoding sound categories based on whole-brain functional connectivity patterns.
Whole-Brain Network Connectivity Underlying the Human Speech Articulation as Emerged Integrating Direct Electric Stimulation, Resting State fMRI and Tractography
Failure to Affect Decision Criteria During Recognition Memory With Continuous Theta Burst Stimulation
Transient and Sustained Control Mechanisms Supporting Novel Instructed Behavior.
Neural Dynamics of Reward-Induced Response Activation and Inhibition.
Allostatic load and disordered white matter microstructure in overweight adults
Partially impaired functional connectivity states between right anterior insula and default mode network in autism spectrum disorder.
Disentangling phonological and articulatory processing: A neuroanatomical study in aphasia.
Alterations in resting-state local functional connectivity in obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Aberrant brain regional homogeneity in first-episode drug-naïve patients with major depressive disorder: A voxel-wise meta-analysis.
UNC13A polymorphism contributes to frontotemporal disease in sporadic amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Recognizing visual speech: Reduced responses in visual-movement regions, but not other speech regions in autism
Social comparison modulates the neural responses to regret and subsequent risk-taking behavior
Self-regulation of the dopaminergic reward circuit in cocaine users with mental imagery and neurofeedback
Aberrant functional connectivity network in subjective memory complaint individuals relates to pathological biomarkers
Brain activity pattern changes after adaptive working memory training in multiple sclerosis
Differences in functional brain network connectivity during stories presented in audio, illustrated, and animated format in preschool-age children.
Methamphetamine dependence with and without psychotic symptoms: A multi-modal brain imaging study
Shared and specific functional connectivity alterations in unmedicated bipolar and major depressive disorders based on the triple-network model.
Distress tolerance to auditory feedback and functional connectivity with the auditory cortex.
The Use of Physiological Signals in Brainstem/Midbrain fMRI
Attention to number: The convergence of numerical magnitude processing, attention, and mathematics in the inferior frontal gyrus.
Calorie information and dieting status modulate reward and control activation during the evaluation of food images
The role of the striatum in linguistic selection: Evidence from Huntington's disease and computational modeling.
Impaired neural processing of transitive relations in children with math learning difficulty
Reward and aversion processing in patients with post-traumatic stress disorder: functional neuroimaging with visual and thermal stimuli
Cerebellar contributions to sequence prediction in verbal working memory
Multimodal neuroimaging evidence for looser lexico-semantic networks in schizophrenia:Evidence from masked indirect semantic priming.
Neural correlates of semantic and phonological processing revealed by functional connectivity patterns in the language network.
Changes in resting-state functional brain activity are associated with waning cognitive functions in HIV-infected children
Functional connectivity in ASD: Atypical pathways in brain networks supporting action observation and joint attention.
Oculomotor capture reveals trial-by-trial neural correlates of attentional guidance by contents of visual working memory.
When less is more: Thinner fronto-parietal cortices are associated with better forward digit span performance during early childhood.
Modulation of resting-state network connectivity by verbal divergent thinking training.
Dorsal striatum does not mediate feedback-based, stimulus-response learning: An event-related fMRI study in patients with Parkinson's disease tested on and off dopaminergic therapy.
An fMRI investigation of the neural correlates underlying the autonomous sensory meridian response (ASMR)
The impact of self-distancing on emotion explosiveness and accumulation: An fMRI study
Attention-Related Brain Activation Is Altered in Older Adults With White Matter Hyperintensities Using Multi-Echo fMRI
Vestibulo-Hippocampal Function Is Enhanced and Brain Structure Altered in Professional Ballet Dancers
Abstract Representations of Emotions Perceived From the Face, Body, and Whole-Person Expressions in the Left Postcentral Gyrus
Eyes-Open and Eyes-Closed Resting States With Opposite Brain Activity in Sensorimotor and Occipital Regions: Multidimensional Evidences From Machine Learning Perspective
Functional Connectivity Within the Executive Control Network Mediates the Effects of Long-Term Tai Chi Exercise on Elders’ Emotion Regulation
Altered Functional Interactions of Inhibition Regions in Cognitively Normal Parkinson’s Disease
Increased Inhibition of the Amygdala by the mPFC may Reflect a Resilience Factor in Post-traumatic Stress Disorder: A Resting-State fMRI Granger Causality Analysis
Altered Neuronal Responses During an Affective Stroop Task in Adolescents With Conduct Disorder
Explaining the neural activity distribution associated with discrete movement sequences: Evidence for parallel functional systems
Physically active life style is associated with increased grey matter brain volume in a medial parieto-frontal network.
The Neural Basis of Individual Differences in Directional Sense
Amount, not strength of recollection, drives hippocampal activity: A problem for apparent word familiarity‐related hippocampal activation
Auditory predictions shape the neural responses to stimulus repetition and sensory change.
The regulation of positive and negative emotions through instructed causal attributions in lifetime depression – A functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Do you know what I’m thinking? Temporal and spatial brain activity during a theory-of-mind task in children with autism
Successful Encoding during Natural Reading Is Associated with Fixation-Related Potentials and Large-Scale Network Deactivation
A drama movie activates brains of holistic and analytical thinkers differentially
Cerebral blood flow features in chronic subcortical stroke: Lesion location-dependent study.
Intrinsic functional clustering of anterior cingulate cortex in the common marmoset.
Distinct cortical responses evoked by electrical stimulation of the thalamic ventral intermediate nucleus and of the subthalamic nucleus
Disrupted Functional Connectivity of Cornu Ammonis Subregions in Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment: A Longitudinal Resting-State fMRI Study
Action and Non-Action Oriented Body Representations: Insight from Behavioural and Grey Matter Modifications in Individuals with Lower Limb Amputation
Independent Component Analysis and Graph Theoretical Analysis in Patients with Narcolepsy
Altered amygdala circuits underlying valence processing among manic and depressed phases in bipolar adults.
Mechanisms of Antidepressant Response to Electroconvulsive Therapy Studied With Perfusion Magnetic Resonance Imaging.
Abnormal intrinsic brain activities in stable patients with COPD: a resting-state functional MRI study
Pre-treatment Resting-State Functional MR Imaging Predicts the Long-Term Clinical Outcome After Short-Term Paroxtine Treatment in Post-traumatic Stress Disorder
Increased Left Inferior Temporal Gyrus Was Found in Both Low Function Autism and High Function Autism
Functional and Structural Plasticity of Brain in Elite Karate Athletes
Altered functional connectivity strength in informant-reported subjective cognitive decline: A resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study
The impact of depressive comorbidity on neural plasticity following cognitive-behavioral therapy in panic disorder with agoraphobia.
Primary Disruption of the Memory-Related Subsystems of the Default Mode Network in Alzheimer’s Disease: Resting-State Functional Connectivity MRI Study
Homotopic Connectivity in Early Pontine Infarction Predicts Late Motor Recovery
Transcranial direct current stimulation reconstructs diminished thalamocortical connectivity during prolonged resting wakefulness: a resting-state fMRI pilot study.
Sex differences in own and other body perception
Gradual acquisition of visuospatial associative memory representations via the dorsal precuneus.
The developmental neural substrates of item and serial order components of verbal working memory.
Social decision‐making in the brain: Input‐state‐output modelling reveals patterns of effective connectivity underlying reciprocal choices
Neuroimaging of chronic MDMA ("ecstasy") effects: A meta-analysis.
Differentiating guilt and shame in an interpersonal context with univariate activation and multivariate pattern analyses.
Age-related changes in brain deactivation but not in activation after motor learning.
The relationship of anxious and depressive symptoms in Parkinson's disease with voxel-based neuroanatomical and functional connectivity measures.
Graph measures in task-based fMRI: Functional integration during read-out of visual and auditory information
Alterations of brain local functional connectivity in amnestic mild cognitive impairment
Neural evidence for persistent attentional bias to threats in patients with social anxiety disorder
Associations of Brain Reactivity to Food Cues with Weight Loss, Protein Intake and Dietary Restraint during the PREVIEW Intervention
Frequency-specific noninvasive modulation of memory retrieval and its relationship with hippocampal network connectivity.
Effect of corticotropin-releasing hormone receptor1 gene variation on psychosocial stress reaction via the dorsal anterior cingulate cortex in healthy adults.
Modes of operation: A topographic neural gradient supporting stimulus dependent and independent cognition.
Altered Brain Fraction Amplitude of Low Frequency Fluctuation at Resting State in Patients With Early Left and Right Bell’s Palsy: Do They Have Differences?
Abnormal Global Brain Functional Connectivity in Primary Insomnia Patients: A Resting-State Functional MRI Study
Multimodal canonical correlation reveals converging neural circuitry across trauma-related disorders of affect and cognition
Recruitment of the motor system during music listening: An ALE meta-analysis of fMRI data
Anxious brain networks: A coordinate-based activation likelihood estimation meta-analysis of resting-state functional connectivity studies in anxiety.
Resting State Vagally-Mediated Heart Rate Variability Is Associated With Neural Activity During Explicit Emotion Regulation
Disentangling Neural Sources of Problem Size and Interference Effects in Multiplication.
Visual Simultaneity Judgments Activate a Bilateral Frontoparietal Timing System.
The neural basis for understanding imitation-induced musical meaning: The role of the human mirror system.
Activation of the language control network in bilingual visual word recognition.
Resting State Connectivity Between Medial Temporal Lobe Regions and Intrinsic Cortical Networks Predicts Performance in a Path Integration Task
Neural Correlates of Working Memory Maintenance in Advanced Aging: Evidence From fMRI
Plasticity in the Sensitivity to Light in Aging: Decreased Non-visual Impact of Light on Cognitive Brain Activity in Older Individuals but No Impact of Lens Replacement
Neural Activation During Tonic Pain and Interaction Between Pain and Emotion in Bipolar Disorder: An fMRI Study
The Effect of Cognitive Reappraisal on Reactive Aggression: An fMRI Study
Structural and functional brain abnormalities in drug-naive, first-episode, and chronic patients with schizophrenia: a multimodal MRI study
Dysfunctional Social Reinforcement Processing in Disruptive Behavior Disorders: An Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
The role of mid-insula in the relationship between cardiac interoceptive attention and anxiety: evidence from an fMRI study
The top-down regulation from the prefrontal cortex to insula via hypnotic aversion suggestions reduces smoking craving.
Universal neural basis of structure building evidenced by network modulations emerging from Broca's area: The case of Chinese.
Reduced connectivity between mentalizing and mirror systems in autism spectrum condition.
The Neurobiology of Personal Control During Reward Learning and Its Relationship to Mood
Cerebral blood flow changes after a day of wake, sleep, and sleep deprivation.
BOLD-fMRI reveals the association between renal oxygenation and functional connectivity in the aging brain.
Recruitment of the occipital cortex by arithmetic processing follows computational bias in the congenitally blind.
Increased cognitive complexity reveals abnormal brain network activity in individuals with corpus callosum dysgenesis
Challenges and Perspectives of Quantitative Functional Sodium Imaging (fNaI)
Resting-state brain activity in Chinese boys with low functioning autism spectrum disorder
Abnormal resting state activity of left middle occipital gyrus and its functional connectivity in female patients with major depressive disorder
Dopamine D2/3 Binding Potential Modulates Neural Signatures of Working Memory in a Load-Dependent Fashion
Self-compassion is associated with less stress and depression and greater attention and brain response to affective stimuli in women managers
Moderating Effects of Harm Avoidance on Resting-State Functional Connectivity of the Anterior Insula
Aberrant Cerebellar–Cerebral Functional Connectivity in Children and Adolescents With Autism Spectrum Disorder
Cognitive and Brain Activity Changes After Mnemonic Strategy Training in Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment: Evidence From a Randomized Controlled Trial
Effects of Musical Tempo on Musicians’ and Non-musicians’ Emotional Experience When Listening to Music
Brain functional changes in patients with botulism after illegal cosmetic injections of botulinum toxin: A resting-state fMRI study
Decreased Functional Connectivity in Insular Subregions in Depressive Episodes of Bipolar Disorder and Major Depressive Disorder
Common Recruitment of Angular Gyrus in Episodic Autobiographical Memory and Bodily Self-Consciousness
Neuroimaging in cockroach phobia: An experimental study
Age-related differences in the neural bases of phonological and semantic processes in the context of task-irrelevant information
Neural reward-related reactions to monetary gains for self and charity
Resting‐state functional brain networks in adults with a new diagnosis of focal epilepsy
Altered intrinsic local activity and cognitive dysfunction in HIV patients: A resting-state fMRI study
Complex systems representing effective connectivity in patients with Type One diabetes mellitus
Distribution of brain iron accrual in adolescence: Evidence from cross-sectional and longitudinal analysis.
Functional connectivity of PAG with core limbic system and laryngeal cortico-motor structures during human phonation.
Combining resting state functional MRI with intraoperative cortical stimulation to map the mentalizing network.
Fitness, cortical thickness and surface area in overweight/obese children: The mediating role of body composition and relationship with intelligence.
Cerebellar structural and functional abnormalities in first-episode and drug-naive patients with schizophrenia: A meta-analysis.
Schizotypy and mentalizing: An fMRI study.
Adolescent development of cortical oscillations: Power, phase, and support of cognitive maturation
Assessing robustness against potential publication bias in Activation Likelihood Estimation (ALE) meta-analyses for fMRI
Identification of Common Thalamocortical Dysconnectivity in Four Major Psychiatric Disorders.
Neural correlates of visual attention in alcohol use disorder.
Multi-echo fMRI, resting-state connectivity, and high psychometric schizotypy
Pattern classification differentiates decision of intertemporal choices using multi-voxel pattern analysis.
Longitudinal multimodal MRI as prognostic and diagnostic biomarker in presymptomatic familial frontotemporal dementia
A Dissociation in Effects of Risperidone Monotherapy on Functional and Anatomical Connectivity Within the Default Mode Network.
Dimensional Complexity of the Resting Brain in Healthy Aging, Using a Normalized MPSE
Low entropy maps as patterns of the pathological alteration specificity of brain regions: A meta-analysis dataset
Nicotine in action: cigarette smoking modulated homotopic functional connectivity in schizophrenia.
Abnormal functional connectivity and degree centrality in anterior cingulate cortex in patients with long-term sensorineural hearing loss.
Emotional, especially negative microblogs are more popular on the web: evidence from an fMRI study.
Feeling of presence in dementia with Lewy bodies is related to reduced left frontoparietal metabolism
Decreased Cortical Thickness in the Anterior Cingulate Cortex in Adults with Autism.
Telomere length as a predictor of emotional processing in the brain
Decoding natural scenes based on sounds of objects within scenes using multivariate pattern analysis.
Functional connectivity changes associated with fMRI neurofeedback of right inferior frontal cortex in adolescents with ADHD
Manipulating and decoding subjective gaming experience during active gameplay: a multivariate, whole-brain analysis.
FDG-PET hypometabolism is more sensitive than MRI atrophy in Parkinson's disease: A whole-brain multimodal imaging meta-analysis.
Dorsolateral and medial prefrontal cortex mediate the influence of incidental priming on economic decision making in obesity
Patterns of Cerebellar Gray Matter Atrophy Across Alzheimer’s Disease Progression
Tracking the dynamic functional connectivity structure of the human brain across the adult lifespan.
Objective and subjective measures of prior sleep–wake behavior predict functional connectivity in the default mode network during NREM sleep
Patients’ sense of responsibility to healthcare providers and its predictors: A national cross-sectional survey in China
TPH-2 Gene Polymorphism in Major Depressive Disorder Patients With Early-Wakening Symptom
Disruption of Multiple Distinctive Neural Networks Associated With Impulse Control Disorder in Parkinson's Disease
Opposite subgenual cingulate cortical functional connectivity and metabolic activity patterns in refractory melancholic major depression.
Effect of blast-related mTBI on the working memory system: a resting state fMRI study.
Effect of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor on prefrontal-striatal connectivity is dependent on the level of TNF-α in patients with major depressive disorder.
Winning smiles: Signalling reward by overlapping and non-overlapping emotional valence differentially affects performance and neural activity.
Dopamine receptor density and white mater integrity: F-fallypride positron emission tomography and diffusion tensor imaging study in healthy and schizophrenia subjects.
Melody Processing Characterizes Functional Neuroanatomy in the Aging Brain
Neural Basis of Action Observation and Understanding From First- and Third-Person Perspectives: An fMRI Study
Differences in Functional Connectivity of the Insula Between Brain Wave Vibration in Meditators and Non-meditators
Brain regional homogeneity and function connectivity in attenuated psychosis syndrome —based on a resting state fMRI study
Neural response during emotion regulation in monozygotic twins at high familial risk of affective disorders
Functionally distinct contributions of parietal cortex to a numerical landmark task: An fMRI study.
APOE-MS4A genetic interactions are associated with executive dysfunction and network abnormality in clinically mild Alzheimer's disease
Asymmetry in cortical thickness and subcortical volume in treatment-naïve major depressive disorder
Neurocognitive and neuroanatomical maturation in the clinical high-risk states for psychosis: A pattern recognition study
Recover from the adversity: functional connectivity basis of psychological resilience.
Olfactory loss is associated with reduced hippocampal activation in response to emotional pictures.
Abnormal functional connectivity of the amygdala is associated with depressive symptoms in patients with multiple system atrophy
Modulating Effects of Contextual Emotions on the Neural Plasticity Induced by Word Learning
Cognitive Deficit-Related Interhemispheric Asynchrony within the Medial Hub of the Default Mode Network Aids in Classifying the Hyperthyroid Patients
Corrigendum to “Fear Processing in Dental Phobia during Crossmodal Symptom Provocation: An fMRI Study”
Aberrant Cerebral Activity in Early Postmenopausal Women: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Connectivity of the Human Number Form Area Reveals Development of a Cortical Network for Mathematics
Reward improves response inhibition by enhancing attentional capture
A SENtence Supramodal Areas AtlaS (SENSAAS) based on multiple task-induced activation mapping and graph analysis of intrinsic connectivity in 144 healthy right-handers
Disrupted Balance of Long- and Short-Range Functional Connectivity Density in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Functional and Structural Brain Plasticity in Adult Onset Single-Sided Deafness
Reduced activity and connectivity of left amygdala in patients with schizophrenia treated with clozapine or olanzapine
Frontal hypoactivation and alterations in the reward-system during humor processing in patients with schizophrenia spectrum disorders.
Monitoring Value of Multimodal Magnetic Resonance Imaging in Disease Progression of Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis: A Prospective Observational Study
Arterial spin labeling provides a reliable neurobiological marker of autism spectrum disorder
Applying a network framework to the neurobiology of reading and dyslexia
Auditory Figure-Ground Segregation Is Impaired by High Visual Load
Frequent lucid dreaming associated with increased functional connectivity between frontopolar cortex and temporoparietal association areas
Antiepileptic Drug of Levetiracetam Decreases Centrotemporal Spike-Associated Activation in Rolandic Epilepsy
Evaluation of Changes in the Motor Network Following BCI Therapy Based on Graph Theory Analysis
Changes in Cortical Thickness in Patients With Early Parkinson’s Disease at Different Hoehn and Yahr Stages
Oxytocin Receptor Polymorphism Decreases Midline Neural Activations to Social Stimuli in Anorexia Nervosa
Thinking about thinking: A coordinate-based meta-analysis of neuroimaging studies of metacognitive judgements
Depression, auditory-verbal hallucinations, and delusions in patients with schizophrenia: Different patterns of association with prefrontal gray and white matter volume.
The cortical face network of the prosopagnosic patient PS with fast periodic stimulation in fMRI.
Psychoradiological investigations of gray matter alterations in patients with anorexia nervosa
Reduced resting-state connectivity in areas involved in processing of face-related social cues in female adolescents with atypical anorexia nervosa
Decreased Intrinsic Functional Connectivity of the Salience Network in Drug-Naïve Patients With Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder
Offline replay supports planning in human reinforcement learning
Multidelay multiparametric arterial spin labeling perfusion MRI and mild cognitive impairment in early stage Parkinson's disease.
Shared and distinct neural circuitry for nonsymbolic and symbolic double-digit addition.
The uncertain brain: A co-ordinate based meta-analysis of the neural signatures supporting uncertainty during different contexts.
Maternal reading fluency is associated with functional connectivity between the child's future reading network and regions related to executive functions and language processing in preschool-age children.
Different patterns of white matter changes after successful surgery of mesial temporal lobe epilepsy
A neural substrate of early response capture during conflict tasks in sensory areas.
FMRI correlates of olfactory processing in typically-developing school-aged children.
Neural Profile of Callous Traits in Children: A Population-Based Neuroimaging Study.
Neural Correlates of Orthographic Access in Mandarin Chinese Writing: An fMRI Study of the Word-Frequency Effect
Altered Gray Matter Volume and Its Correlation With PTSD Severity in Chinese Earthquake Survivors
A Longitudinal Multimodal Neuroimaging Study to Examine Relationships Between Resting State Glutamate and Task Related BOLD Response in Schizophrenia
Functional Connectivity of Anterior Insula Predicts Recovery of Patients With Disorders of Consciousness
CSF total tau levels are associated with hippocampal novelty irrespective of hippocampal volume
Nutrient biomarkers shape individual differences in functional brain connectivity: Evidence from omega-3 PUFAs.
Gender-related differences in cue-elicited cravings in Internet gaming disorder: The effects of deprivation
Using subjective expectations to model the neural underpinnings of proactive inhibition
Dyslexia on a continuum: A complex network approach
Increased activation in the left ventrolateral prefrontal cortex and temporal pole during tonality change in music.
Resting state functional connectivity and neural correlates of face-name encoding in patients with ischemic vascular lesions with and without the involvement of the left inferior frontal gyrus.
Impairment in complex activities of daily living is related to neurodegeneration in Alzheimer's disease-specific regions.
Fatigue in Gulf War Illness is associated with tonically high activation in the executive control network
Neuroticism predicts the impact of serotonin challenges on fear processing in subgenual anterior cingulate cortex
Neural Correlates of Social Inclusion in Borderline Personality Disorder
Auditory figure-ground analysis in rostral belt and parabelt of the macaque monkey
Cytoarchitectonic segregation of human posterior intraparietal and adjacent parieto-occipital sulcus and its relation to visuomotor and cognitive functions
An active cognitive lifestyle as a potential neuroprotective factor in Huntington's disease.
Intracortical Causal Information Flow of Oscillatory Activity (Effective Connectivity) at the Sleep Onset Transition
Yoga Practitioners Uniquely Activate the Superior Parietal Lobule and Supramarginal Gyrus During Emotion Regulation
Regulating Craving by Anticipating Positive and Negative Outcomes: A Multivariate Pattern Analysis and Network Connectivity Approach
Atypical Anxiety-Related Amygdala Reactivity and Functional Connectivity in Sant Mat Meditation
Fronto-insular-parietal network engagement underlying arithmetic word problem solving.
Decoding vibrotactile choice independent of stimulus order and saccade selection during sequential comparisons.
Disentangling Mathematics from Executive Functions by Investigating Unique Functional Connectivity Patterns Predictive of Mathematics Ability.
Altered Effective Connectivity in the Default Network of the Brains of First-Episode, Drug-Naïve Schizophrenia Patients With Auditory Verbal Hallucinations
Neuroanatomical deficits shared by youth with autism spectrum disorders and psychotic disorders.
Creative aging: functional brain networks associated with divergent thinking in older and younger adults.
Structural MRI correlates of PASAT performance in multiple sclerosis
Brain and cognitive correlates of subjective cognitive decline-plus features in a population-based cohort
Changes in default mode network connectivity in different glucose metabolism status and diabetes duration
Regional Homogeneity and Multivariate Pattern Analysis of Cervical Spondylosis Neck Pain and the Modulation Effect of Treatment
Altered Default Mode and Sensorimotor Network Connectivity With Striatal Subregions in Primary Insomnia: A Resting-State Multi-Band fMRI Study
Brain Mechanisms Underlying Visuo-Orthographic Deficits in Children With Developmental Dyslexia
Contributions of default mode network stability and deactivation to adolescent task engagement
Dissociable medial temporal pathways for encoding emotional item and context information.
MRI-compatible pneumatic stimulator for sensorimotor mapping.
Preliminary development of a neuroimaging paradigm to examine neural correlates of relationship conflict.
A Conscious Resting State fMRI Study in SLE Patients Without Major Neuropsychiatric Manifestations
Aberrant timing and oddball detection in Schizophrenia: findings from a signed differential mapping meta-analysis
Regional homogeneity of intrinsic brain activity related to the main alexithymia dimensions
Developmental changes in functional brain networks from birth through adolescence.
Getting to grips with endoscopy - Learning endoscopic surgical skills induces bi-hemispheric plasticity of the grasping network.
Acute tryptophan loading decreases functional connectivity between the default mode network and emotion-related brain regions.
Taste Perception and Caffeine Consumption: An fMRI Study
Bidirectional alterations in ALFF across slow-5 and slow-4 frequencies in the brains of postherpetic neuralgia patients
Perilesional and homotopic area activation during proverb comprehension after stroke
Multivariate fMRI pattern analysis of fear perception across modalities.
Similarities and differences in cerebellar grey matter volume and disrupted functional connectivity in idiopathic Parkinson's disease and multiple system atrophy.
Connectivity of Frontoparietal Regions Reveals Executive Attention and Consciousness Interactions.
Slow Down: Behavioural and Physiological Effects of Reducing Eating Rate
Developmental changes of association strength and categorical relatedness on semantic processing in the brain.
Altered resting-state functional connectivity in depressive disorder patients with suicidal attempts.
Sex difference in the effect of Internet gaming disorder on the brain functions: Evidence from resting-state fMRI.
Individual OCD-provoking stimuli activate disorder-related and self-related neuronal networks in fMRI.
Brain networks for engaging oneself in positive-social emotion regulation.
Scene complexity modulates degree of feedback activity during object detection in natural scenes
Hybrid control algorithm for flexible needle steering: Demonstration in phantom and human cadaver
Coherence and congruency mediate medial temporal and medial prefrontal activity during event construction.
Altered regional homogeneity in patients with somatic depression: A resting-state fMRI study.
Putting out the blaze: The neural mechanisms underlying sexual inhibition
Effects of methamphetamine on neural responses to visual stimuli.
Model-based lesion mapping of cognitive control using the Wisconsin Card Sorting Test
Subthalamic Nucleus Activation Occurs Early during Stopping and Is Associated with Trait Impulsivity.
Explicit and Ambiguous Threat Processing: Functionally Dissociable Roles of the Amygdala and Bed Nucleus of the Stria Terminalis.
Vividness and accuracy: Two independent aspects of motor imagery.
Default mode network alterations in individuals with high-trait-anxiety: An EEG functional connectivity study.
The neural development of prosocial behavior from childhood to adolescence
Shared and differential default-mode related patterns of activity in an autobiographical, a self-referential and an attentional task
Identifying task-general effects of stimulus familiarity in the parietal memory network.
Bilateral functional connectivity at rest predicts apraxic symptoms after left hemisphere stroke
Changed hub and functional connectivity patterns of the posterior fusiform gyrus in chess experts.
Neurocognitive decision-making processes of casual methamphetamine users
Brain processing of pictures of children in men with pedophilic disorder: A positron emission tomography study
Relationships between dietary nutrients intake and lipid levels with functional MRI dorsolateral prefrontal cortex activation
Hemispheric Module-Specific Influence of the X Chromosome on White Matter Connectivity: Evidence from Girls with Turner Syndrome.
I See Your Effort: Force-Related BOLD Effects in an Extended Action Execution–Observation Network Involving the Cerebellum
Turning down the heat: Neural mechanisms of cognitive control for inhibiting task-irrelevant emotional information during adolescence.
Preliminary analysis of resting state functional connectivity in young adults with subtypes of bipolar disorder.
The important role of dACC in shyness.
Disruption of functional connectivity among subcortical arousal system and cortical networks in temporal lobe epilepsy.
Chemotherapy-induced functional changes of the default mode network in patients with lung cancer.
Antenatal maternal anxiety modulates the BOLD response in 20-year-old men during endogenous cognitive control.
Effect of the interaction between BDNF Val66Met polymorphism and daily physical activity on mean diffusivity.
Dynamic functional network connectivity in Huntington's disease and its associations with motor and cognitive measures.
Gradual Disturbances of the Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuations (ALFF) and Fractional ALFF in Alzheimer Spectrum
Implicit Affective Rivalry: A Behavioral and fMRI Study Combining Olfactory and Auditory Stimulation
Resting-State Default Mode Network Related Functional Connectivity Is Associated With Sustained Attention Deficits in Schizophrenia and Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder
Altered Brain Structure and Functional Connectivity of Primary Visual Cortex in Optic Neuritis
Neuroplastic Changes in Older Adults Performing Cooperative Hand Movements
Language Network Function in Young Children Born Very Preterm
Multivariate Deep Learning Classification of Alzheimer’s Disease Based on Hierarchical Partner Matching Independent Component Analysis
Cortical and Subcortical Neural Correlates for Respiratory Sensation in Response to Transient Inspiratory Occlusions in Humans
Increased BOLD Signals in dlPFC Is Associated With Stronger Self-Control in Food-Related Decision-Making
Disrupted Cerebellar Connectivity With the Central Executive Network and the Default-Mode Network in Unmedicated Bipolar II Disorder
Alteration of Brain Structure With Long-Term Abstinence of Methamphetamine by Voxel-Based Morphometry
Mechanisms of Creativity Differences Between Art and Non-art Majors: A Voxel-Based Morphometry Study
Neural Correlates of Syntax and Proto-Syntax: Evolutionary Dimension
The Neural Representation of Relational- and Collective-Self: Two Forms of Collectivism
Multimodal Data and Machine Learning for Detecting Specific Biomarkers in Pediatric Epilepsy Patients With Generalized Tonic-Clonic Seizures
Alterations of Sub-cortical Gray Matter Volume and Their Associations With Disease Duration in Patients With Restless Legs Syndrome
Autosomal dominant temporal lobe epilepsy associated with heterozygous reelin mutation: 3 T brain MRI study with advanced neuroimaging methods
Self-referential processing during observation of a speech performance task in social anxiety disorder from pre- to post-treatment: Evidence of disrupted neural activation.
Abnormalities of white matter microstructure in unmedicated patients with obsessive–compulsive disorder: Changes after cognitive behavioral therapy
Neural and Behavioral Correlates of Sacred Values and Vulnerability to Violent Extremism
Gray Matter Volume Changes in Patients With Acute Eye Pain: A Voxel-Based Morphometry Study
Altered Functional Network Affects Amyloid and Structural Covariance in Alzheimer's Disease
Shared gray matter reductions across alcohol use disorder and posttraumatic stress disorder in the anterior cingulate cortex: A dual meta-analysis
Embedded word priming elicits enhanced fMRI responses in the visual word form area
Smell training improves olfactory function and alters brain structure.
Differential impact of reward and punishment on functional connectivity after skill learning.
Developmental specialization of the left intraparietal sulcus for symbolic ordinal processing.
Similar Neural Correlates of Planning and Execution to Inhibit Continuing Actions
A Similarity-Based Process for Human Judgment in the Parietal Cortex
Neural activations associated with feedback and retrieval success
Connectome-based model predicts individual differences in propensity to trust.
Interactive effects of OXTR and GAD1 on envy-associated behaviors and neural responses
Neural correlates of effort-based behavioral inconsistency.
Shared neural representations of tactile roughness intensities by somatosensation and touch observation using an associative learning method
The impact of spelling regularity on handwriting production: A coupled fMRI and kinematics study.
Aberrations of anterior insular cortex functional connectivity in nontreatment-seeking alcoholics.
Effects of early adversity on the brain: Larger-volume anterior cingulate cortex in AIDS orphans
Stomach contents of long-finned pilot whales, Globicephala melas mass-stranded in Tasmania
Medial prefrontal disengagement during self-focus in formerly depressed patients prone to rumination.
Neural correlates of resolving conflict from emotional and nonemotional distracters in obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Subjective memory complaints are associated with altered resting-state functional connectivity but not structural atrophy
Altered Central Autonomic Network in Baseball Players: A Resting-state fMRI Study
Altered functional connectivity in binge eating disorder and bulimia nervosa: A resting‐state fMRI study
A functional MRI investigation of crossmodal interference in an audiovisual Stroop task
Neural Responsivity to Food Cues in Patients With Unmedicated First-Episode Psychosis
Dynamic changes of functional segregation and integration in vulnerability and resilience to schizophrenia.
Frontostriatal network dysfunction as a domain-general mechanism underlying phantom perception.
Characterization of brain network supporting episodic memory in the absence of one medial temporal lobe
A diffusion tensor imaging study of brain microstructural changes related to religion and spirituality in families at high risk for depression
Dissecting social interaction: dual-fMRI reveals patterns of interpersonal brain-behavior relationships that dissociate among dimensions of social exchange
Abnormalities of diffusional kurtosis imaging and regional homogeneity in idiopathic generalized epilepsy with generalized tonic-clonic seizures
The effect of aerobic dance intervention on brain spontaneous activity in older adults with mild cognitive impairment: A resting-state functional MRI study
Real-time effects of interictal spikes on hippocampus and amygdala functional connectivity in unilateral temporal lobe epilepsy: An EEG-fMRI study.
Linguistic networks associated with lexical, semantic and syntactic predictability in reading: A fixation-related fMRI study.
Amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation (ALFF) may be associated with cognitive impairment in schizophrenia: a correlation study
Distinct roles of temporal and frontoparietal cortex in representing actions across vision and language
Patterns of gray matter alterations in migraine and restless legs syndrome
Assessment of brain mechanisms involved in the processes of thermal sensation, pleasantness/unpleasantness, and evaluation
Clinical utility of the dual n-back task in schizophrenia: A functional imaging approach.
Task context load induces reactive cognitive control: An fMRI study on cortical and brain stem activity
Age-related changes in attention control and their relationship with gait performance in older adults with high risk of falls.
Altered Functional Connectivity of Cerebello-Cortical Circuit in Multiple System Atrophy (Cerebellar-Type)
fMRI Evidence of Magnitude Manipulation during Numerical Order Processing in Congenitally Deaf Signers
Gray matter volume covariance networks associated with dual-task cost during walking-while-talking.
Dysconnectivity of the medio-dorsal thalamic nucleus in drug-naïve first episode schizophrenia: diagnosis-specific or trans-diagnostic effect?
Repetitive verbal behaviors are not always harmful signs: Compensatory plasticity within the language network in aphasia.
Effective connectivity within the ventromedial prefrontal cortex-hippocampus-amygdala network during the elaboration of emotional autobiographical memories.
Dynamic Alterations in Spontaneous Neural Activity in Multiple Brain Networks in Subacute Stroke Patients: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Common and specific altered amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations in Parkinson's disease patients with and without freezing of gait in different frequency bands.
Spontaneous Brain Activity Predicts Task-Evoked Activity During Animate Versus Inanimate Touch.
Brain regions preferentially responding to transient and iso-intense painful or tactile stimuli
Distinction of self-produced touch and social touch at cortical and spinal cord levels
The Cerebellar Predictions for Social Interactions: Theory of Mind Abilities in Patients With Degenerative Cerebellar Atrophy
Cerebro-Cerebellar Pathways for Verbal Working Memory
Parieto-frontal mechanisms underlying observation of complex hand-object manipulation
Sad faces increase the heartbeat-associated interoceptive information flow within the salience network: a MEG study
BST1 rs4698412 allelic variant increases the risk of gait or balance deficits in patients with Parkinson’s disease
Which brain lesions produce spasticity? An observational study on 45 stroke patients
Relief from incidental fear evokes exuberant risk taking
Emerging neural specialization of the ventral occipitotemporal cortex to characters through phonological association learning in preschool children.
Local connectivity of the resting brain connectome in patients with low back-related leg pain: A multiscale frequency-related Kendall's coefficient of concordance and coherence-regional homogeneity study.
Neurometabolic and functional connectivity basis of prosocial behavior in early adolescence
Gain–loss situation modulates neural responses to self–other decision making under risk
Episodic memory for visual scenes suggests compensatory brain activity in breast cancer patients: a prospective longitudinal fMRI study.
Cortical thinning across Parkinson's disease stages and clinical correlates.
Segregating sustained attention from response inhibition in ADHD: An fMRI study
Hyperactivity/restlessness is associated with increased functional connectivity in adults with ADHD: a dimensional analysis of resting state fMRI
Hippocampal functional connectivity-based discrimination between bipolar and major depressive disorders.
Altered functional connectivity and low-frequency signal fluctuations in early psychosis and genetic high risk.
Low-dose augmentation with buprenorphine increases emotional reactivity but not reward activity in treatment resistant mid- and late-life depression
Quantitative Analyses Help in Choosing Between Simultaneous vs. Separate EEG and fMRI
Dietary Long-Chain Omega-3 Fatty Acids Are Related to Impulse Control and Anterior Cingulate Function in Adolescents
Shared and Distinct Neural Bases of Large- and Small-Scale Spatial Ability: A Coordinate-Based Activation Likelihood Estimation Meta-Analysis
Neural Network Connectivity During Post-encoding Rest: Linking Episodic Memory Encoding and Retrieval
Parietal Activation Associated With Target-Directed Right Hand Movement Is Lateralized by Mirror Feedback to the Ipsilateral Hemisphere
Decreased Intrinsic Functional Connectivity in First-Episode, Drug-Naive Adolescents With Generalized Anxiety Disorder
Precuneus Dysfunction in Parkinson’s Disease With Mild Cognitive Impairment
Activation of Bilateral Secondary Somatosensory Cortex With Right Hand Touch Stimulation: A Meta-Analysis of Functional Neuroimaging Studies
Altered Resting Functional Connectivity Is Related to Cognitive Outcome in Males With Moderate-Severe Traumatic Brain Injury
Regional gray matter abnormality in hepatic myelopathy patients after transjugular intrahepatic portosystemic shunt: a voxel-based morphometry study
Microstructural damage pattern of vascular cognitive impairment: a comparison between moyamoya disease and cerebrovascular atherosclerotic disease
Assessing gray matter volume in patients with idiopathic rapid eye movement sleep behavior disorder
Aberrant resting-state functional connectivity of salience network in first-episode schizophrenia.
Gender-specific structural abnormalities in major depressive disorder revealed by fixel-based analysis
Patients with sickle-cell disease exhibit greater functional connectivity and centrality in the locus coeruleus compared to anemic controls
Different modulation effects of Tai Chi Chuan and Baduanjin on resting-state functional connectivity of the default mode network in older adults
Differential modulation of cognitive control networks by monetary reward and punishment
Brain Activation Patterns Associated with the Effects of Fearful Distractors during Working Memory Maintenance in Patients with Schizophrenia
Alteration of Semantic Networks during Swear Words Processing in Schizophrenia
Dynamic Causal Modeling of Insular, Striatal, and Prefrontal Cortex Activities During a Food-Specific Go/NoGo Task.
Development of spatial orientation skills: an fMRI study.
Altered intrinsic brain activity in patients with toothaches using the amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations: a resting-state fMRI study
Amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations in childhood-onset schizophrenia with or without obsessive-compulsive symptoms: a resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Intrinsic brain abnormalities in drug-naive patients with obsessive-compulsive disorder: A resting-state functional MRI study.
Altered topological characteristics of morphological brain network relate to language impairment in high genetic risk subjects and schizophrenia patients.
Bilateral engagement of the occipito-temporal cortex in response to dance kinematics in experts
Brain structure links trait hostile attribution bias and attitudes toward violence.
Neurofeedback of core language network nodes modulates connectivity with the default-mode network: A double-blind fMRI neurofeedback study on auditory verbal hallucinations.
Differentiation of functional networks during long-term memory retrieval in children and adolescents.
Rested-Baseline Responsivity of the Ventral Striatum Is Associated With Caloric and Macronutrient Intake During One Night of Sleep Deprivation
A Computational Network Control Theory Analysis of Depression Symptoms
Dissociating the neural substrates for inhibition and shifting in domain-general cognitive control.
Spatially Overlapping Regions Show Abnormal Thalamo-frontal Circuit and Abnormal Precuneus in Disorders of Consciousness.
Choice-predictive activity in parietal cortex during source memory decisions.
A coordinate-based meta-analysis of the n-back working memory paradigm using activation likelihood estimation.
Age-related cortical signatures of human sleep electroencephalography.
Differential dysfunctions related to alcohol and cannabis use disorder symptoms in reward and error-processing neuro-circuitries in adolescents
Intrinsic mesocorticolimbic connectivity is negatively associated with social amotivation in people with schizophrenia.
Alcohol Expectancy and Cerebral Responses to Cue-Elicited Craving in Adult Nondependent Drinkers.
Functional correlates of strategy formation and verbal suppression in Parkinson's disease
Strategy-dependent modulation of cortical pain circuits for the attenuation of pain.
The Effects of Family Socioeconomic Status on Psychological and Neural Mechanisms as Well as Their Sex Differences
Distinctive Interaction Between Cognitive Networks and the Visual Cortex in Early Blind Individuals.
Neural correlates of social well-being: gray matter density in the orbitofrontal cortex predicts social well-being in emerging adulthood
The neurobiology of taboo language processing: fMRI evidence during spoken word production
When less is more: Structural correlates of core executive functions in young adults - A VBM and cortical thickness study.
Reproducibility of functional brain alterations in major depressive disorder: Evidence from a multisite resting-state functional MRI study with 1,434 individuals.
A retrospective evaluation of thalamic targeting for tremor deep brain stimulation using high-resolution anatomical imaging with supplementary fiber tractography.
Exploring distinct default mode and semantic networks using a systematic ICA approach
Atypical intrinsic neural timescale in autism
Prefrontal networks dynamically related to recovery from major depressive disorder: a longitudinal pharmacological fMRI study
Effects of familial risk and stimulant drug use on the anticipation of monetary reward: an fMRI study
Mean diffusivity related to collectivism among university students in Japan
The Correlation between the Frontostriatal Network and Impulsivity in Internet Gaming Disorder
Deactivation of default mode network during touch
Different Brain Activation after Acupuncture at Combined Acupoints and Single Acupoint in Hypertension Patients: An Rs-fMRI Study Based on ReHo Analysis
Resting state connectivity differences in eyes open versus eyes closed conditions.
Circadian modulation of human reward function: Is there an evidentiary signal in existing neuroimaging studies?
Multimodal Parcellations and Extensive Behavioral Profiling Tackling the Hippocampus Gradient.
The Cortical Neuroimmune Regulator TANK Affects Emotional Processing and Enhances Alcohol Drinking: A Translational Study
Aberrant Brain Regional Homogeneity and Functional Connectivity of Entorhinal Cortex in Vascular Mild Cognitive Impairment: A Resting-State Functional MRI Study
Longitudinal brain functional and structural connectivity changes after hemispherotomy in two pediatric patients with drug-resistant epilepsy
Motor skill learning induces brain network plasticity: A diffusion-tensor imaging study
Neural mechanisms of affective matching across faces and scenes
Demonstrating Brain-Level Interactions Between Visuospatial Attentional Demands and Working Memory Load While Driving Using Functional Near-Infrared Spectroscopy
Examining Neural Plasticity for Slip-Perturbation Training: An fMRI Study
Disrupted Regional Spontaneous Neural Activity in Mild Cognitive Impairment Patients with Depressive Symptoms: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Amygdala network in response to facial expression following neurofeedback training of emotion.
Local-to-distant development of the cerebrocerebellar sensorimotor network in the typically developing human brain: a functional and diffusion MRI study
Interplay between Spinal Cord and Cerebral Cortex Metabolism in Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
Separable neural representations of sound sources: Speaker identity and musical timbre.
Concentrative (Sahaj Samadhi) meditation training and visual awareness: An fMRI study on color afterimages.
The orbitofrontal cortex modulates parenting stress in the maternal brain
Oxytocin modulates the effective connectivity between the precuneus and the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex.
Assessing drug cue-induced brain response in heroin dependents treated by methadone maintenance and protracted abstinence measures.
Neuroanatomical and functional alterations of insula in mild traumatic brain injury patients at the acute stage.
Neuroanatomical substrate of chronic psychosis in epilepsy: an MRI study
Difference in neural reactivity to taste stimuli and visual food stimuli in neural circuits of ingestive behavior.
Alterations in effective connectivity within the Papez circuit are correlated with insulin resistance in T2DM patients without mild cognitive impairment.
Same words, different structures: An fMRI investigation of argument relations and the angular gyrus.
Context-dependent modulation of cognitive control involves different temporal profiles of fronto-parietal activity.
Novel findings from 2,838 Adult Brains on Sex Differences in Gray Matter Brain Volume
Type 1 diabetes and working memory processing of emotional faces.
Neural responses to heartbeats distinguish self from other during imagination
Increased cerebral blood volume in small arterial vessels is a correlate of amyloid-β-related cognitive decline.
The structural brain correlates of callous-unemotional traits in incarcerated male adolescents
Genetic contribution of catechol-O-methyltransferase in dorsolateral prefrontal cortex functional changes in the first episode schizophrenia.
Neural correlates of online cooperation during joint force production.
Identifying brain changes related to cognitive aging using VBM and visual rating scales
fMRI prediction of naming change after adult temporal lobe epilepsy surgery: Activation matters.
The role of putative human anterior intraparietal sulcus area in observed manipulative action discrimination
Investigation of the emotional network in depression after stroke: A study of multivariate Granger causality analysis of fMRI data.
Neural correlates of distinct cognitive phenotypes in early Parkinson's disease.
Variation in the CACNB2 gene is associated with functional connectivity of the Hippocampus in bipolar disorder
Mindfulness Improves Emotion Regulation and Executive Control on Bereaved Individuals: An fMRI Study
Processing of Prediction Errors in Mentalizing Areas.
The Shape of Things to Come in Speech Production: A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study of Visual Form Interference during Lexical Access.
Linking personality and brain anatomy: a structural MRI approach to Reinforcement Sensitivity Theory
Cortical Contributions to Distinct Symptom Dimensions of Catatonia.
Left perirhinal cortex codes for semantic similarity between written words defined from cued word association.
Does fMRI repetition suppression reveal mirror neuron activity in the human brain? Insights from univariate and multivariate analysis.
Noninvasive vagus nerve stimulation alters neural response and physiological autonomic tone to noxious thermal challenge
The neural correlates of integrated aesthetics between moral and facial beauty
Depth of Encoding Through Observed Gestures in Foreign Language Word Learning
Increased ventromedial prefrontal cortex activity and connectivity predict poor sertraline treatment outcome in late-life depression.
Changes in grey matter volume and functional connectivity in cluster headache versus migraine.
Remodelling the attentional system after left hemispheric stroke: Effect of leftward prismatic adaptation.
Circadian phenotype impacts the brain’s resting-state functional connectivity, attentional performance, and sleepiness
How context influences the interpretation of facial expressions: a source localization high-density EEG study on the “Kuleshov effect”
Directional tuning for eye and arm movements in overlapping regions in human posterior parietal cortex.
Ultra-high field MRI reveals mood-related circuit disturbances in depression: a comparison between 3-Tesla and 7-Tesla
Effects of Motor Imagery and Visual Neurofeedback on Activation in the Swallowing Network: A Real-Time fMRI Study
Altered dynamic global signal topography in antipsychotic-naive adolescents with early-onset schizophrenia.
Distinct representations in occipito-temporal, parietal, and premotor cortex during action perception revealed by fMRI and computational modeling.
Distinct temporal brain dynamics in bipolar disorder and schizophrenia during emotion regulation
An Integrated Analysis of Neural Network Correlates of Categorical and Dimensional Models of Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder.
Hemodynamic and electrocortical reactivity to specific scene contents in emotional perception.
Reliability of supraspinal correlates to lower urinary tract stimulation in healthy participants - A fMRI study.
The Effects of SNCA rs894278 on Resting-State Brain Activity in Parkinson’s Disease
Changes in Functional Connectivity Following Treatment With Emotion Regulation Therapy
Willingness-to-Pay-Associated Right Prefrontal Activation During a Single, Real Use of Cosmetics as Revealed by Functional Near-Infrared Spectroscopy
A MEG Study on the Processing of Time and Quantity: Parietal Overlap but Functional Divergence
Neuroanatomical Correlates of Creativity: Evidence From Voxel-Based Morphometry
Alexithymia is associated with neural reactivity to masked emotional faces in adolescents who self-harm.
Intrinsic default—executive coupling of the creative aging brain
Comorbidity of reading disabilities and ADHD: Structural and functional brain characteristics.
Cerebellar resting-state functional connectivity in Parkinson's disease and multiple system atrophy: Characterization of abnormalities and potential for differential diagnosis at the single-patient level
Disrupted reinforcement learning during post-error slowing in ADHD
Brain activation during disorder-related script-driven imagery in panic disorder: a pilot study
Brain Activation Time-Locked to Sleep Spindles Associated With Human Cognitive Abilities
Baclofen attenuates fMRI alcohol cue reactivity in treatment-seeking alcohol dependent individuals.
Success and failure of controlling the real‐time functional magnetic resonance imaging neurofeedback signal are reflected in the striatum
The association of health-related quality of life and cerebral gray matter volume in the context of aging: A voxel-based morphometry study with a general population sample.
Local Diffusion Homogeneity Provides Supplementary Information in T2DM-Related WM Microstructural Abnormality Detection
Regional Homogeneity Abnormalities in Early-Onset and Adolescent-Onset Conduct Disorder in Boys: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Gender Identification of Human Cortical 3-D Morphology Using Hierarchical Sparsity
Dissociating tinnitus patients from healthy controls using resting-state cyclicity analysis and clustering
Multielement Episodic Encoding in Young and Older Adults.
Hybrid multivariate pattern analysis combined with extreme learning machine for Alzheimer’s dementia diagnosis using multi-measure rs-fMRI spatial patterns
Reward-circuit biomarkers of risk and resilience in adolescent depression.
Girls' attentive traits associate with cerebellar to dorsal attention and default mode network connectivity.
Functional and structural basis of the color-flavor incongruency effect in visual search.
Response time as a proxy of ongoing mental state: A combined fMRI and pupillometry study in Generalized Anxiety Disorder.
Anterior insular cortex is a bottleneck of cognitive control.
Altered gray matter volume in patients with herpes zoster and postherpetic neuralgia
Distinct Methylphenidate-Evoked Response Measured Using Functional Near-Infrared Spectroscopy During Go/No-Go Task as a Supporting Differential Diagnostic Tool Between Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder and Autism Spectrum Disorder Comorbid Children
A boon and a bane: Comparing the effects of prior knowledge on memory across the lifespan.
Targeted location of microseismic events based on a 3D heterogeneous velocity model in underground mining
When morality opposes the law: An fMRI investigation into punishment judgments for crimes with good intentions.
Revisiting the Landmark Task as a tool for studying hemispheric specialization: What's really right?
Pubertal maturation and sex effects on the default-mode network connectivity implicated in mood dysregulation
Reconstructing meaning from bits of information
The Local Brain Abnormalities in Patients With Transient Ischemic Attack: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Dysconnectivity of Multiple Resting-State Networks Associated With Higher-Order Functions in Sensorineural Hearing Loss
Following the Majority: Social Influence in Trusting Behavior
State-Related Alterations of Spontaneous Neural Activity in Current and Remitted Depression Revealed by Resting-State fMRI
Electronic-Sports Experience Related to Functional Enhancement in Central Executive and Default Mode Areas
A resting‐state study of volumetric and functional connectivity of the habenular nucleus in treatment‐resistant depression patients
Impaired voice processing in reward and salience circuits predicts social communication in children with autism
Fairy Tales versus Facts: Genre Matters to the Developing Brain.
Neural processing of odor-associated words: an fMRI study in patients with acquired olfactory loss.
What is the difference between irony and sarcasm? An fMRI study.
Test-retest reliability in an fMRI study of naming in dementia.
Ventral Visual Pathway-Cerebellar Circuit Deficits in Alcohol Dependence: Long- and Short-Range Functional Connectivity Density Study
Coordinate based meta-analysis of motor functional imaging in Parkinson’s: disease-specific patterns and modulation by dopamine replacement and deep brain stimulation
Age-typical changes in neural reward response are moderated by maternal anhedonia.
Attentional processes in typically developing children as revealed using brain event-related potentials and their source localization in Attention Network Test
Neural Connectivity in Syntactic Movement Processing
Social Mindfulness and Psychosis: Neural Response to Socially Mindful Behavior in First-Episode Psychosis and Patients at Clinical High-Risk
Neural representations of Groups and Stereotypes using fMRI repetition suppression
Structural brain correlates of fatigue in older adults with and without Parkinson's disease
Tryptophan hydroxylase-2 polymorphism is associated with white matter integrity in first-episode, medication-naïve major depressive disorder patients.
Structural brain differences predict early traumatic memory processing.
Processing symbolic and non-symbolic proportions: Domain-specific numerical and domain-general processes in intraparietal cortex.
Neuronal mechanisms of motion detection underlying blindsight assessed by functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI).
Neurodevelopmental correlates of the emerging adult self
Effects of Ketamine on Brain Activity During Emotional Processing: Differential Findings in Depressed Versus Healthy Control Participants.
A review of hippocampal activation in post-traumatic stress disorder.
Altered default mode network connectivity in adolescents with post-traumatic stress disorder
Different memory patterns of digits: a functional MRI study
Exploring Sex Differences in the Neural Correlates of Self-and Other-Referential Gender Stereotyping
The Somatotopy of Mental Tactile Imagery
What Makes Eye Contact Special? Neural Substrates of On-Line Mutual Eye-Gaze: A Hyperscanning fMRI Study
Recursion in action: An fMRI study on the generation of new hierarchical levels in motor sequences
The neural substrates of the problem size and interference effect in children's multiplication: An fMRI study.
Abnormal Dynamic Functional Connectivity Associated With Subcortical Networks in Parkinson’s Disease: A Temporal Variability Perspective
Brain Plasticity Can Predict the Cochlear Implant Outcome in Adult-Onset Deafness
Resting-State Neural Firing Rate Is Linked to Cardiac-Cycle Duration in the Human Cingulate and Parahippocampal Cortices
“Hit the missing stimulus”. A simultaneous EEG-fMRI study to localize the generators of endogenous ERPs in an omitted target paradigm
Inefficient Involvement of Insula in Sensorineural Hearing Loss
Associative Memory Impairments Are Associated With Functional Alterations Within the Memory Network in Schizophrenia Patients and Their Unaffected First-Degree Relatives: An fMRI Study
Recruitment of cognitive control regions during effortful self-control is associated with altered brain activity in control and reward systems in dieters during subsequent exposure to food commercials
Mirror neuron activations in encoding of psychic pain in borderline personality disorder
The functional neuroanatomy of musical memory in Alzheimer's disease
Subcortical Shape Abnormalities in Bulimia Nervosa.
Resting-state abnormalities in Autism Spectrum Disorders: A meta-analysis
Alterations in Cerebellar Functional Connectivity Are Correlated With Decreased Psychomotor Vigilance Following Total Sleep Deprivation
Cerebral perfusion changes in presymptomatic genetic frontotemporal dementia: a GENFI study
Cortical thickness 20 years after diagnosis of anorexia nervosa during adolescence.
Cortical morphometry of the five-factor model of personality: findings from the Human Connectome Project full sample
Posterior parietal influences on visual network specialization during development: An fMRI study of functional connectivity in children ages 9 to 12.
White matter abnormalities in depression: A categorical and phenotypic diffusion MRI study
Characterization of the hemodynamic response function in white matter tracts for event-related fMRI
White matter alterations in anorexia nervosa: Evidence from a voxel-based meta-analysis.
Mapping cortical surface features in treatment resistant schizophrenia with in vivo structural MRI.
Micro- and Macrostructural White Matter Integrity in Never-Treated and Currently Unmedicated Patients With Schizophrenia and Effects of Short-Term Antipsychotic Treatment.
A multicenter study of ketamine effects on functional connectivity: Large scale network relationships, hubs and symptom mechanisms
Quadriceps muscle function following anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction: systemic differences in neural and morphological characteristics.
A neurocognitive investigation of the impact of socializing with a robot on empathy for pain
Speech processing and plasticity in the right hemisphere predict variation in adult foreign language learning.
Serotonergic Contributions to Human Brain Aggression Networks
A Preliminary Study Investigating Maternal Neurocognitive Mechanisms Underlying a Child-Supportive Parenting Intervention
An Association Study on the Cognitive Function and the Cerebral Grey Matter Volume of Patients with First-Episode Schizophrenia
Common cortical areas involved in both auditory and visual imageries for novel stimuli.
Transdiagnostic trauma severity in anxiety and mood disorders: Functional brain activity during emotional scene processing.
Brain functional connectivity is altered in patients with Takotsubo Syndrome
Enhanced Global-Brain Functional Connectivity in the Left Superior Frontal Gyrus as a Possible Endophenotype for Schizophrenia
Reappearance of Command-Following Is Associated With the Recovery of Language and Internal-Awareness Networks: A Longitudinal Multiple-Case Report
Out of Context, Beyond the Face: Neuroanatomical Pathways of Emotional Face-Body Language Integration in Adolescent Offenders
Functional Neuroanatomy of Vertical Visual Perception in Humans
The effect of mental countermeasures on neuroimaging-based concealed information tests.
Neurochemical correlates of scene processing in the precuneus/posterior cingulate cortex: A multimodal fMRI and 1H‐MRS study
Stuck in a negative me: fMRI study on the role of disturbed self-views in social feedback processing in borderline personality disorder
Learning Unicycling Evokes Manifold Changes in Gray and White Matter Networks Related to Motor and Cognitive Functions
Fronto-striatal activity predicts anhedonia and positive empathy subtypes.
The cortical distribution of first and second language in the right hemisphere of bilinguals - an exploratory study by repetitive navigated transcranial magnetic stimulation.
Impact of pressure as a tactile stimulus on working memory in healthy participants
Altered brain tissue viscoelasticity in pediatric cerebral palsy measured by magnetic resonance elastography
Neighborhood affluence is not associated with positive and negative valence processing in adults with mood and anxiety disorders: A Bayesian inference approach
Friends and foes: Neural correlates of prosocial decisions with peers in adolescence.
Keeping track of 'alternative facts': The neural correlates of processing misinformation corrections.
Imaging object-scene relations processing in visible and invisible natural scenes
A model-guided dissociation between subcortical and cortical contributions to word recognition
A Functional Data Method for Causal Dynamic Network Modeling of Task-Related fMRI
Subtle white matter alterations in schizophrenia identified with a new measure of fiber density
Connectome-based individualized prediction of loneliness
Hippocampal atrophy disrupts the language network but not hemispheric language lateralization.
Early prediction of long-term tactile object recognition performance after sensorimotor stroke.
Deep/mixed cerebral microbleeds are associated with cognitive dysfunction through thalamocortical connectivity disruption: The Taizhou Imaging Study
Regional default mode network connectivity in major depressive disorder: modulation by acute intravenous citalopram
Postchemotherapy hippocampal functional connectivity patterns in patients with breast cancer: a longitudinal resting state functional MR imaging study.
Altered mesocorticolimbic functional connectivity in chronic low back pain patients at rest and following sad mood induction.
Resting-state mapping of neural signatures of vulnerability to depression relapse.
Characterization of cortical and subcortical abnormalities in drug-naive boys with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.
Frontoparietal network abnormalities of gray matter volume and functional connectivity in patients with generalized anxiety disorder.
DRD2 methylation and regional grey matter volumes in young adult offspring from families at ultra-high risk for alcohol dependence.
"The effect of tDCS on functional connectivity in primary progressive aphasia" NeuroImage: Clinical, volume 19 (2018), pages 703-715.
Non-pharmacological and pharmacological interventions relieve insomnia symptoms by modulating a shared network: A controlled longitudinal study
Disrupted resting-state spontaneous neural activity in stable COPD
Pituitary Gland Functional Connectivity and BMI
The After-Effects of Theta Burst Stimulation Over the Cortex of the Suprahyoid Muscle on Regional Homogeneity in Healthy Subjects
Brain Activation of Elite Race Walkers in Action Observation, Motor Imagery, and Motor Execution Tasks: A Pilot Study
Independent Components of Neural Activation Associated with 100 Days of Cognitive Training.
The Neural Representations of Movement across Semantic Categories.
Assessment of dynamic functional connectivity in resting‐state fMRI using the sliding window technique
Self‐reported navigation ability is associated with optic flow‐sensitive regions’ functional connectivity patterns during visual path integration
Anticipation of difficult tasks: neural correlates of negative emotions and emotion regulation
The Neural Mechanism of Number Line Bisection: A fMRI study.
An fMRI study on the neural correlates of social conformity to a sexual minority
Real-Time fMRI Neurofeedback in Patients With Tobacco Use Disorder During Smoking Cessation: Functional Differences and Implications of the First Training Session in Regard to Future Abstinence or Relapse
Altered Brain Signal Variability in Patients With Generalized Anxiety Disorder
Aberrant functional connectivity in patients with Parkinson's disease and freezing of gait: a within- and between-network analysis.
Novel Approach to Elucidate Human Baroreflex Regulation at the Brainstem Level: Pharmacological Testing During fMRI
The Impact of Whole Brain Global Functional Connectivity Density Following MECT in Major Depression: A Follow-Up Study
Surprise-related activation in the nucleus accumbens interacts with music-induced pleasantness
Support Vector Machine for Analyzing Contributions of Brain Regions During Task-State fMRI
BOLD-fMRI activity informed by network variation of scalp EEG in juvenile myoclonic epilepsy
Reward-related decision-making in schizophrenia: A multimodal neuroimaging study.
Gesturing tool use and tool transport actions modulates inferior parietal functional connectivity with the dorsal and ventral object processing pathways.
Multimodal Integration and Vividness in the Angular Gyrus During Episodic Encoding and Retrieval
Effects of age, sex, and puberty on neural efficiency of cognitive and motor control in adolescents.
Altered intra- and inter-regional functional connectivity of the visual cortex in individuals with peripheral vision loss due to retinitis pigmentosa.
Social cognition in schizophrenia: Validation of an ecological fMRI task.
Region-specific association between basal blood insulin and cerebral glucose metabolism in older adults
Brain Perfusion Correlates of Apathy in Alzheimer's Disease
CACNA1C risk variant affects microstructural connectivity of the amygdala
Altered functional connectivity in patients with subcortical ischemic vascular disease: A resting-state fMRI study.
The neural underpinnings of haptically guided functional grasping of tools: An fMRI study.
The ventromedial prefrontal cortex is particularly responsive to social evaluations requiring the use of person-knowledge
Relationships between gray matter volume and reading ability in typically developing children, adolescents, and young adults
Mechanisms of functional compensation, delineated by eigenvector centrality mapping, across the pathophysiological continuum of Alzheimer’s disease
Intergroup empathy: Enhanced neural resonance for ingroup facial emotion in a shared neural production-perception network.
Distinct neuronal entrainment to beat and meter: Revealed by simultaneous EEG-fMRI.
High Self-Control Reduces Risk Preference: The Role of Connectivity Between Right Orbitofrontal Cortex and Right Anterior Cingulate Cortex
Differences in Intrinsic Brain Abnormalities Between Patients With Left- and Right-Sided Long-Term Hearing Impairment
Acupuncture for Histamine-Induced Itch: Association With Increased Parasympathetic Tone and Connectivity of Putamen-Midcingulate Cortex
Neural Correlates of Abnormal Temporal Discrimination in Unaffected Relatives of Cervical Dystonia Patients
Brain structural changes after multi‐strategic metamemory training in older adults with subjective memory complaints: A randomized controlled trial
The Mediating Role of Neural Activity on the Relationship Between Childhood Maltreatment and Impulsivity.
Neural correlates of cognitive control deficits in children with reading disorder.
Neural mechanisms of vibrotactile categorization.
Early-childhood social reticence predicts SCR-BOLD coupling during fear extinction recall in preadolescent youth
Egomotion-related visual areas respond to active leg movements.
Neural basis of somatosensory target detection independent of uncertainty, relevance, and reports
Disentangling motor planning and motor execution in unmedicated de novo Parkinson's disease patients: An fMRI study
Brain activation in highly superior autobiographical memory: The role of the precuneus in the autobiographical memory retrieval network.
Changes of the postcentral cortex in irritable bowel syndrome patients.
Children Use Regions in the Visual Processing and Executive Function Networks during a Subsequent Memory Reading Task.
Relevance of brain lesion location for cognition in vascular mild cognitive impairment
Visual network alterations in brain functional connectivity in chronic low back pain: A resting state functional connectivity and machine learning study.
Spectral entropy indicates electrophysiological and hemodynamic changes in drug-resistant epilepsy – A multimodal MREG study
Cortical reactivations during sleep spindles following declarative learning.
Cause or effect: Altered brain and network activity in cervical dystonia is partially normalized by botulinum toxin treatment
The use of diffusional kurtosis imaging and neurite orientation dispersion and density imaging of the brain in bipolar disorder.
The polymorphism of dopamine D2 receptor TaqIA gene is associated with brain response to drug cues in male heroin-dependent individuals during methadone maintenance treatment.
The facilitative effect of gestures on the neural processing of semantic complexity in a continuous narrative.
Prefrontal-Temporal Pathway Mediates the Cross-Modal and Cognitive Reorganization in Sensorineural Hearing Loss With or Without Tinnitus: A Multimodal MRI Study
Effects of in-Scanner Bilateral Frontal tDCS on Functional Connectivity of the Working Memory Network in Older Adults
The Combination of DAT-SPECT, Structural and Diffusion MRI Predicts Clinical Progression in Parkinson’s Disease
Atypical Functional Connectivity Associated with Autonomous Sensory Meridian Response: An Examination of Five Resting-State Networks
Altered neural activity to monetary reward/loss processing in episodic migraine
Reinforcer pathology: Common neural substrates for delay discounting and snack purchasing in prediabetics.
Training gains and transfer effects after mnemonic strategy training in mild cognitive impairment: A fMRI study.
Human motor cortex relies on sparse and action-specific activation during laughing, smiling and speech production
Longitudinal fMRI task reveals neural plasticity in default mode network with disrupted executive-default coupling and selective attention after traumatic brain injury.
Functionally Separable Font-invariant and Font-sensitive Neural Populations in Occipitotemporal Cortex.
High-level Integrative Networks: A Resting-state fMRI Investigation of Reading and Spelling.
The motor engram as a dynamic change of the cortical network during early sequence learning: An fMRI study.
Body odors (even when masked) make you more emotional: behavioral and neural insights
Altered Spatial and Temporal Brain Connectivity in the Salience Network of Sensorineural Hearing Loss and Tinnitus
Cognitive performance and brain dynamics during walking with a novel bionic foot: A pilot study
Restoring emotional stability: Cortisol effects on the neural network of cognitive emotion regulation.
Neural reward response to substance-free activity images in opiate use disorder patients with depressive symptoms.
Long-term Chinese calligraphic handwriting reshapes the posterior cingulate cortex: A VBM study
Fusing Mobile Phone Sensing and Brain Imaging to Assess Depression in College Students
Convergent Neural Correlates of Empathy and Anxiety During Socioemotional Processing
Overlapping frontoparietal networks in response to oculomotion and traumatic autobiographical memory retrieval: implications for eye movement desensitization and reprocessing
Autobiographical memories, identity disturbance and brain functioning in patients with borderline personality disorder: An fMRI study
Structural and functional abnormalities of vision-related brain regions in cirrhotic patients: a MRI study
Sensory prediction errors in the human midbrain signal identity violations independent of perceptual distance
The role of the IPL in person identification
Effects of language proficiency on cognitive control: Evidence from resting-state functional connectivity.
Modelling cognitive loads in schizophrenia by means of new functional dynamic indexes.
Functional Connectivity of Corticostriatal Circuitry and Psychosis-like Experiences in the General Community.
Cortico-thalamic dysconnection in early-stage schizophrenia: a functional connectivity magnetic resonance imaging study.
Association between NRGN gene polymorphism and resting-state hippocampal functional connectivity in schizophrenia
Multi-branch convolutional neural network for multiple sclerosis lesion segmentation.
Meta-analyses of the n-back working memory task: fMRI evidence of age-related changes in prefrontal cortex involvement across the adult lifespan.
Radiomics: a novel feature extraction method for brain neuron degeneration disease using 18F-FDG PET imaging and its implementation for Alzheimer’s disease and mild cognitive impairment
Brain networks involved in accented speech processing.
Migraine in the Young Brain: Adolescents vs. Young Adults
Two-step paretial least square regression classifiers in brain-state decoding using functional magnetic resonance imaging
Acute Effects of Aerobic Exercise on Executive Function and Attention in Adult Patients With ADHD
Neural Correlates of Cognitive-Attentional Syndrome: An fMRI Study on Repetitive Negative Thinking Induction and Resting State Functional Connectivity
Intonation guides sentence processing in the left inferior frontal gyrus.
Causal Interactions in Human Amygdala Cortical Networks across the Lifespan
Inferior parietal lobule and early visual areas support elicitation of individualized meanings during narrative listening.
Finding the vanished self: Perspective modulates neural substrates of self-reflection in Buddhists.
Differentiating implicit and explicit theory of mind and associated neural networks in youth at Clinical High Risk (CHR) for psychosis.
Decreased grey matter volume in mTBI patients with post-traumatic headache compared to headache-free mTBI patients and healthy controls: a longitudinal MRI study.
Individual differences in sustained attention are associated with cortical thickness.
Abnormal coupling among spontaneous brain activity metrics and cognitive deficits in major depressive disorder.
The relationship between heart rate and functional connectivity of brain regions involved in autonomic control.
Reduced Dynamic Interactions Within Intrinsic Functional Brain Networks in Early Blind Patients
Cognitive Control as a 5-HT1A-Based Domain That Is Disrupted in Major Depressive Disorder
Anterior insular cortex plays a critical role in interoceptive attention
Microstructural correlates of Edinburgh Cognitive and Behavioural ALS Screen (ECAS) changes in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Effects of Childhood Maltreatment on Social Cognition and Brain Functional Connectivity in Borderline Personality Disorder Patients
Recruiting population controls for case-control studies in sub-Saharan Africa: The Ghana Breast Health Study
APOE-ε4 risk variant for Alzheimer's disease modifies the association between cognitive performance and cerebral morphology in healthy middle-aged individuals
Efficacy of weight loss intervention can be predicted based on early alterations of fMRI food cue reactivity in the striatum
Cross sex hormone treatment is linked with a reversal of cerebral patterns associated with gender dysphoria to the baseline of cisgender controls.
The effect of ApoE ε4 on longitudinal brain region-specific glucose metabolism in patients with mild cognitive impairment: a FDG-PET study
Default mode network connectivity is associated with long-term clinical outcome in patients with schizophrenia.
Cerebellar activation associated with model-based estimation of tool-use consequences
Cognitive fatigue and cortical-striatal network in old age
Relationship between changes in resting-state spontaneous brain activity and cognitive impairment in patients with CADASIL
Alterations of the Brain Microstructure and Corresponding Functional Connectivity in Early-Blind Adolescents
Experimental investigations of a manually versus an electrically driven skull drill for bedside usage
Strategies of selective changing: Preparatory neural processes seem to be responsible for differences in complex inhibition
A functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging study of patients with Polar Type II/III complex shoulder instability
Aberrant Brain Function in Active-Stage Ulcerative Colitis Patients: A Resting-State Functional MRI Study
Verbal Fluency Is Affected by Altered Brain Lateralization in Adults Who Were Born Very Preterm
Negative BOLD responses during hand and foot movements: An fMRI study
Dopamine receptor D4 (DRD4) polymorphisms with reduced functional potency intensify atrophy in syndrome-specific sites of frontotemporal dementia
Unhealthy yet Avoidable—How Cognitive Bias Modification Alters Behavioral and Brain Responses to Food Cues in Individuals with Obesity
Neural substrates of self‐ and external‐preoccupation: A voxel‐based morphometry study
Fractionating adaptive learning: A meta-analysis of the reversal learning paradigm.
Improved balance performance accompanied by structural plasticity in blind adults after training.
Socioeconomic hardship and delayed reward discounting: Associations with working memory and emotional reactivity
Neural organization of speech production: A lesion-based study of error patterns in connected speech.
Fractional Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuations and Functional Connectivity in Comatose Patients Subjected to Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging
Impaired learning from punishment of errors in smokers: Differences in dorsolateral prefrontal cortex and sensorimotor cortex blood-oxygen-level dependent responses
Altered Functional Brain Connectivity in Mild Cognitive Impairment during a Cognitively Complex Car Following Task
Acupuncture Reversible Effects on Altered Default Mode Network of Chronic Migraine Accompanied with Clinical Symptom Relief
Aberrant Interhemispheric Functional Organization in Children with Dyskinetic Cerebral Palsy
Neural Signatures of Social Inclusion in Borderline Personality Disorder Versus Non-suicidal Self-injury.
Imaging the effects of age on proactive control in healthy adults.
Altered functional connectivity of dentate nucleus in parkinsonian and cerebellar variants of multiple system atrophy.
Intrinsic connectivity identifies the sensory-motor network as a main cross-network between remitted late-life depression- and amnestic mild cognitive impairment-targeted networks.
Altered inter-hemispheric communication of default-mode and visual networks underlie etiology of primary insomnia : Altered inter-hemispheric communication underlie etiology of insomnia.
Neuroimaging Studies on Disorders of Consciousness: A Meta-Analytic Evaluation
Altered dynamics of brain segregation and integration in poststroke aphasia.
14. Semantic Memory Activation After Acute Exercise in Healthy Older Adults.
Differential Effects of BMI on Brain Response to Odor in Olfactory, Reward and Memory Regions: Evidence from fMRI
Altered structural and causal connectivity in frontal lobe epilepsy
Sex Differences in Resting-State Functional Connectivity of the Cerebellum in Autism Spectrum Disorder
Gray Matter Alterations Associated With Dissociation in Female Survivors of Childhood Trauma
Cortical Gray Matter and Hippocampal Atrophy in Idiopathic Rapid Eye Movement Sleep Behavior Disorder
Music enhances activity in the hypothalamus, brainstem, and anterior cerebellum during script-driven imagery of affective scenes.
Neural and behavioral markers of observed pain of older adults.
Levodopa imparts a normalizing effect on default-mode network connectivity in non-demented Parkinson's disease.
The neural mechanisms of immediate and follow-up of the treatment effect of hypnosis on smoking craving.
Thalamo-cortical coupling during encoding and consolidation is linked to durable memory formation.
The inhibition of automatic imitation: A meta-analysis and synthesis of fMRI studies.
Gray matter structural covariance networks changes along the Alzheimer's disease continuum
Circuit activity underlying a distinct modulator of prepulse inhibition.
Mapping anticipatory anhedonia: an fMRI study.
Altered Neurobiological Processing of Unintentional Social Norm Violations: A Multiplex, Multigenerational Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study on Social Anxiety Endophenotypes.
Cognitive Training and Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation in Mild Cognitive Impairment: A Randomized Pilot Trial
Trait Mindfulness and Functional Connectivity in Cognitive and Attentional Resting State Networks
Altered Local and Large-Scale Dynamic Functional Connectivity Variability in Posttraumatic Stress Disorder: A Resting-State fMRI Study
The Brain in (Willed) Action: A Meta-Analytical Comparison of Imaging Studies on Motor Intentionality and Sense of Agency
Sleep restriction caused impaired emotional regulation without detectable brain activation changes—a functional magnetic resonance imaging study
The neuroscience of Romeo and Juliet: an fMRI study of acting
Neural response to stress and perceived stress differ in patients with left temporal lobe epilepsy.
How words get meaning: The neural processing of novel object names after sensorimotor training.
Moral decision making under modafinil: a randomized placebo-controlled double-blind crossover fMRI study.
Alcoholism gender differences in brain responsivity to emotional stimuli
A study on changes of the resting-state brain function network in patients with amnestic mild cognitive impairment
The affective processing of loved familiar faces and names: Integrating fMRI and heart rate
How the motor system integrates with working memory.
Altered brain functional connectivity and correlation with psychological status in patients with unilateral pulsatile tinnitus.
Unilateral thalamic glioma disrupts large-scale functional architecture of human brain during resting state
Changes of Myelin Organization in Patients with Alzheimer's Disease Shown by q-Space Myelin Map Imaging
Functional and Structural Brain Correlates of Socioeconomic Status.
Individual differences in level of wisdom are associated with brain activation during a moral decision‐making task
Mathematical expertise modulates the architecture of dorsal and cortico-thalamic white matter tracts
Amygdalar reactivity is associated with prefrontal cortical thickness in a large population-based sample of adolescents
Motor Control Deficits in Facial Synkinesis Patients: Neuroimaging Evidences of Cerebral Cortex Involvement
Dissociation between Cerebellar and Cerebral Neural Activities in Humans with Long-Term Bilateral Sensorineural Hearing Loss
Limbic and cortical control of phonation for speech in response to a public speech preparation stressor
Neuromagnetic signatures of the spatiotemporal transformation for manual pointing.
Neural similarity at temporal lobe and cerebellum predicts out-of-sample preference and recall for video stimuli.
Advanced visual network and cerebellar hyperresponsiveness to trigeminal nociception in migraine with aura
Cortical Morphometry in the Psychosis Risk Period: A Comprehensive Perspective of Surface Features.
Higher Peripheral Inflammatory Signaling Associated With Lower Resting-State Functional Brain Connectivity in Emotion Regulation and Central Executive Networks.
The central autonomic network at rest: Uncovering functional MRI correlates of time-varying autonomic outflow.
Social support modulates the neural correlates underlying social exclusion
Converging function, structure, and behavioural features of emotion regulation in very preterm children.
Aberrant Coupling Between Resting-State Cerebral Blood Flow and Functional Connectivity in Wilson’s Disease
Functional MRI of Letter Cancellation Task Performance in Older Adults
Emotion Processing, Reappraisal, and Craving in Alcohol Dependence: A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Aesthetic Experiences Across Cultures: Neural Correlates When Viewing Traditional Eastern or Western Landscape Paintings
Ventromedial and dorsolateral prefrontal interactions underlie will to fight and die for a cause
Altered brain activity in patients with strabismus and amblyopia detected by analysis of regional homogeneity: A resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Progressive brain structural changes after the first year of treatment in first-episode treatment-naive patients with deficit or nondeficit schizophrenia.
Functional disconnectivity of the hippocampal network and neural correlates of memory impairment in treatment-resistant depression.
Reward anticipation and punishment anticipation are instantiated in the brain via opponent mechanisms.
The neural correlates of the awe experience: Reduced default mode network activity during feelings of awe
A neural signature of metabolic syndrome.
Brain Activity Related to Sound Symbolism: Cross-modal Effect of an Aurally Presented Phoneme on Judgment of Size
Structural Covariance Reveals Alterations in Control and Salience Network Integrity in Chronic Schizophrenia.
Duloxetine effects on striatal resting-state functional connectivity in patients with major depressive disorder.
Hierarchical and Nonlinear Dynamics in Prefrontal Cortex Regulate the Precision of Perceptual Beliefs
Erroneously Disgusted: fMRI Study Supports Disgust-Related Neural Reuse in Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder (OCD)
Altered Brain Function in Drug-Naïve Major Depressive Disorder Patients With Early-Life Maltreatment: A Resting-State fMRI Study
The Dynamics of Speech Motor Control Revealed with Time-Resolved fMRI.
Simultaneous fMRI-EEG-DTI recording of MMN in patients with schizophrenia
Brain structure and trait impulsivity: A comparative VBM study contrasting neural correlates of traditional and alternative concepts in healthy subjects.
A preliminary study of cortical morphology in schizophrenia patients with a history of violence.
Resting-state functional connectivity in medication-naïve adolescents with major depressive disorder.
Shared neural mechanisms between imagined and perceived egocentric motion - A combined GVS and fMRI study.
Thumbs up: Imagined hand movements counteract the adverse effects of post-surgical hand immobilization. Clinical, behavioral, and fMRI longitudinal observations
Hippocampal network abnormalities explain amnesia after VGKCC-Ab related autoimmune limbic encephalitis
People represent their own mental states more distinctly than those of others
Binge drinking is associated with altered resting state functional connectivity of reward-salience and top down control networks.
Direct and reflected self-concept show increasing similarity across adolescence: A functional neuroimaging study
Investigating the oxygenation of brain arteriovenous malformations using quantitative susceptibility mapping.
Effects of pseudoexperience on the understanding of hemiplegic movements in physical therapists: An fMRI study
Blood amyloid-β oligomerization associated with neurodegeneration of Alzheimer’s disease
Multimodal characterization of the human nucleus accumbens.
Attentional control abnormalities in posttraumatic stress disorder: Functional, behavioral, and structural correlates.
Gyrification abnormalities in presymptomatic c9orf72 expansion carriers
Brain activity associated with pain in inherited erythromelalgia: stimulus-free pain engages brain areas involved in valuation and learning
Fronto-parietal and temporal brain dysfunction in depression: A fMRI investigation of auditory mismatch processing.
Stuttering and gray matter morphometry: A population-based neuroimaging study in young children.
Regional homogeneity analysis of major Parkinson's disease subtypes based on functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Amygdala activation during unconscious visual processing of food
Functional MRI reveals evidence of a self-positivity bias in the medial prefrontal cortex during the comprehension of social vignettes
Early recovery of interhemispheric functional connectivity after corpus callosotomy.
Parasympathetic activity correlates with subjective and brain responses to rectal distension in healthy subjects but not in non-constipated patients with irritable bowel syndrome
ADHD symptoms are associated with the modular structure of intrinsic brain networks in a representative sample of healthy adults
Widespread and lateralized social brain activity for processing dynamic facial expressions.
The neural and genetic correlates of satisfying sexual activity in heterosexual pair‐bonds
Alterations in resting-state functional connectivity in patients with Crohn’s disease in remission
Different Brain Connectivity between Responders and Nonresponders to Dual-Mode Noninvasive Brain Stimulation over Bilateral Primary Motor Cortices in Stroke Patients
Hypo-activity of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex relates to increased reaction time variability in patients with schizophrenia
fMRI biomarkers of social cognitive skills training in psychosis: Extrinsic and intrinsic functional connectivity
Dynamic functional connectivity analysis of functional MRI based on copula time-varying correlation.
Cortical structure abnormalities in females with conduct disorder prior to age 15.
Misophonia is associated with altered brain activity in the auditory cortex and salience network
Autobiographical memory in epileptic patients after temporal lobe resection or bitemporal hippocampal sclerosis.
Differential parietal activations for spatial remapping and saccadic control in a visual memory task.
Adolescent suicide attempts and ideation are linked to brain function during peer interactions.
The neural association between arithmetic and basic numerical processing depends on arithmetic problem size and not chronological age
An fMRI study of action observation and action execution in childhood
The effects of psychiatric history and age on self-regulation of the default mode network.
Functional plasticity of the ipsilateral primary sensorimotor cortex in an elite long jumper with below-knee amputation
Neurocognitive correlates of category ambiguous verb processing: The single versus dual lexical entry hypotheses.
Detecting biological heterogeneity patterns in ADNI amnestic mild cognitive impairment based on volumetric MRI.
Brain structural abnormalities as potential markers for detecting individuals with ultra-high risk for psychosis: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Intermittent Theta-Burst Stimulation Reverses the After-Effects of Contralateral Virtual Lesion on the Suprahyoid Muscle Cortex: Evidence From Dynamic Functional Connectivity Analysis
Effects of Noradrenergic Stimulation Upon Context-Related Extinction Learning Performance and BOLD Activation in Hippocampus and Prefrontal Cortex Differ Between Participants Showing and Not Showing Renewal
Nerve Growth Factor Serum Levels Are Associated With Regional Gray Matter Volume Differences in Schizophrenia Patients
Non-overlapping and Inverse Associations Between the Sexes in Structural Brain-Trait Associations
Impact of Oxytocin on the neural correlates of fearful face processing in PTSD related to childhood Trauma
Neural substrates of subphonemic variation and lexical competition in spoken word recognition.
Dissociating frontal and temporal correlates of phonological and semantic fluency in a large sample of left hemisphere stroke patients
Minimizing threat via heuristic and optimal policies recruits hippocampus and medial prefrontal cortex
Neuroanatomical Changes Underlying Vertical HIV Infection in Adolescents
Enhanced insular/prefrontal connectivity when resisting from emotional distraction during visual search
Language reorganization after resection of low-grade gliomas: an fMRI task based connectivity study.
Attentional Weighting in the Face Processing Network: A Magnetic Response Image-guided Magnetoencephalography Study Using Multiple Cyclic Entrainments.
Developmental Maturation of the Precuneus as a Functional Core of the Default Mode Network.
Cholinergic and serotonergic modulation of resting state functional brain connectivity in Alzheimer's disease.
Auditory hallucinations in first-episode psychosis: A voxel-based morphometry study.
Altered amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation and regional cerebral blood flow in females with primary dysmenorrhea: a resting-state fMRI and arterial spin labeling study
Altered Brain Functional Hubs and Connectivity Underlie Persistent Somatoform Pain Disorder
Abnormal Alterations of Regional Spontaneous Neuronal Activity in Inferior Frontal Orbital Gyrus and Corresponding Brain Circuit Alterations: A Resting-State fMRI Study in Somatic Depression
Structural and Functional Amygdala Abnormalities in Hemifacial Spasm
FEM analysis in excellent cushion characteristic of ostrich (Struthio camelus) toe pads
Brain structures and functional connectivity associated with individual differences in trait proactive aggression
Culture Impacts the Neural Response to Perceiving Outgroups Among Black and White Faces
Voxel-based global-brain functional connectivity alterations in first-episode drug-naive patients with somatization disorder.
Neural Correlates of Failed Inhibitory Control as an Early Marker of Disordered Eating in Adolescents.
Altered regional homogeneity in pediatric bipolar disorder during manic and euthymic state: a resting-state fMRI study.
Association of Different Types of Childhood Maltreatment With Emotional Responding and Response Control Among Youths
Abnormal brain functional connectivity coupled with hypoperfusion measured by Resting-State fMRI: An additional contributing factor for cognitive impairment in patients with Alzheimer's disease.
Regional gray matter reductions associated with mild cognitive impairment in Parkinson's disease: A meta-analysis of voxel-based morphometry studies.
Emotion modulation of the body-selective areas in the developing brain
Mind-body exercise improves cognitive function and modulates the function and structure of the hippocampus and anterior cingulate cortex in patients with mild cognitive impairment
Alterations of structural and functional connectivity in profound sensorineural hearing loss infants within an early sensitive period: A combined DTI and fMRI study
Increased frontal gray matter volume in individuals with prodromal psychosis
Exploring Differences in Speech Processing Among Older Hearing-Impaired Listeners With or Without Hearing Aid Experience: Eye-Tracking and fMRI Measurements
Association Between Connectivity of Hippocampal Sub-Regions and Auditory Verbal Hallucinations in Schizophrenia
P300, Gray Matter Volume and Individual Characteristics Correlates in Healthy Elderly
A hybrid Convolutional and Recurrent Neural Network for Hippocampus Analysis in Alzheimer's Disease.
Unveiling the dynamic interplay between the hub- and spoke-components of the brain's semantic system and its impact on human behaviour
Alterations in white matter microstructure and cortical thickness in individuals at ultra-high risk of psychosis: A multimodal tractography and surface-based morphometry study.
Correlation Between Hippocampus MRI Radiomic Features and Resting-State Intrahippocampal Functional Connectivity in Alzheimer’s Disease
Brain Structural Alterations in Left-Behind Children: A Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Altered Resting-State Functional Activity in Medication-Naive Patients With First-Episode Major Depression Disorder vs. Healthy Control: A Quantitative Meta-Analysis
Clinical Correlates of Alzheimer's Disease Cerebrospinal Fluid Analytes in Primary Progressive Aphasia
Genetic Variants of PICALM rs541458 Modulate Brain Spontaneous Activity in Older Adults With Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment
Resting-state functional hypoconnectivity of amygdala in clinical high risk state and first-episode schizophrenia.
A Verbal Fluency Task-Based Brain Activation fMRI Study in Patients with Crohn's Disease in Remission.
Haunted by the past: old emotions remain salient in insomnia disorder
Developmental Changes in Task‐Induced Brain Deactivation in Humans Revealed by a Motor Task
Cross-Frequency Coupling in Developmental Perspective
Mitochondrial DNA Copy Number Raises the Potential of Left Frontopolar Hemodynamic Response as a Diagnostic Marker for Distinguishing Bipolar Disorder From Major Depressive Disorder
Repeated Working Memory Training Improves Task Performance and Neural Efficiency in Multiple Sclerosis Patients and Healthy Controls
Abnormal functional network of the thalamic subregions in adult patients with obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Validating the sensitivity of inhomogeneous magnetization transfer (ihMT) MRI to myelin with fluorescence microscopy.
Functional connectivity of language networks after perinatal stroke
Behavioural and Neural Responses to Facial Disfigurement
Neuroticism Modulates the Functional Connectivity From Amygdala to Frontal Networks in Females When Avoiding Emotional Negative Pictures
The Association between DRD3 Ser9Gly Polymorphism and Depression Severity in Parkinson's Disease
Are you really cursing? Neural processing of taboo words in native and foreign language.
Association between migraine frequency and neural response to emotional faces: An fMRI study
Differential intrinsic functional connectivity changes in semantic variant primary progressive aphasia
Alterations in functional networks during cue-reactivity in Internet gaming disorder
Subcortical amyloid load is associated with shape and volume in cognitively normal individuals.
Cross-sectional and longitudinal associations between total and regional white matter hyperintensity volume and cognitive and motor function in Parkinson's disease
Resting-state connectivity alterations during transient global amnesia
Cortical lateralization of cheirosensory processing in callosal dysgenesis
Social anxiety, posterior insula activation, and autonomic response during self-initiated action in a Cyberball game.
Effects of valence and arousal on implicit approach/ avoidance tendencies: A fMRI study.
The neurocognitive signature of focus alternatives
Neural correlates of appreciating natural landscape and landscape garden: Evidence from an fMRI study
The role of the cerebellum in adaptation: ALE meta‐analyses on sensory feedback error
Effects of Second Language Learning on the Plastic Aging Brain: Functional Connectivity, Cognitive Decline, and Reorganization
Unbalanced Occlusion Modifies the Pattern of Brain Activity During Execution of a Finger to Thumb Motor Task
Grief, Mindfulness and Neural Predictors of Improvement in Family Dementia Caregivers
Functional Source Separation for EEG-fMRI Fusion: Application to Steady-State Visual Evoked Potentials
The Functional Network Processing Acute Electrical Itch Stimuli in Humans
Disrupted Resting Frontal–Parietal Attention Network Topology Is Associated With a Clinical Measure in Children With Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder
Expectation of sexual images of adults and children elicits differential dorsal anterior cingulate cortex activation in pedophilic sexual offenders and healthy controls
Neuroimaging findings from an experimental pharmacology trial of naltrexone in heavy drinkers of East Asian descent.
A failed top-down control from the prefrontal cortex to the amygdala in generalized anxiety disorder: Evidence from resting-state fMRI with Granger causality analysis.
Shared genetic influences on adolescent body mass index and brain structure: A voxel-based morphometry study in twins.
Differences in brain processing of proprioception related to postural control in patients with recurrent non-specific low back pain and healthy controls
Intrinsic Resting-State Activity in Older Adults With Video Game Experience
Impaired Self-Other Distinction and Subcortical Gray-Matter Alterations Characterize Socio-Cognitive Disturbances in Multiple Sclerosis
Genetic Interaction of APOE and FGF1 is Associated with Memory Impairment and Hippocampal Atrophy in Alzheimer’s Disease
Reduced Cortical Thickness in Schizophrenia and Schizotypal Disorder.
Decreased interhemispheric functional connectivity rather than corpus callosum volume as a potential biomarker for autism spectrum disorder.
Frontopolar cortex activation associated with pessimistic future-thinking in adults with major depressive disorder
Revealing the multisensory modulation of auditory stimulus in degraded visual object recognition by dynamic causal modeling.
Behavioral and neural sensitivity to uncertain threat in individuals with alcohol use disorder: Associations with drinking behaviors and motives.
An integration framework for linking avifauna niche and forest landscape models
Acute psychosocial stress alters thalamic network centrality.
Food Addiction Symptoms and Amygdala Response in Fasted and Fed States
Antidepressant treatment, not depression, leads to reductions in behavioral and neural responses to pain empathy
High-fidelity mapping of repetition-related changes in the parietal memory network.
Hippocampus-driving progressive structural alterations in medication-naïve major depressive disorder.
Dissociating the functions of superior and inferior parts of the left ventral occipito-temporal cortex during visual word and object processing
Prism adaptation effect on neural activity and spatial neglect depend on brain lesion site.
Associations Between Adolescents’ Social Re-orientation Toward Peers Over Caregivers and Neural Response to Teenage Faces
Lingering Sound: Event-Related Phase-Amplitude Coupling and Phase-Locking in Fronto-Temporo-Parietal Functional Networks During Memory Retrieval of Music Melodies
Language Brain Representation in Bilinguals With Different Age of Appropriation and Proficiency of the Second Language: A Meta-Analysis of Functional Imaging Studies
Impact of Hunger, Satiety, and Oral Glucose on the Association Between Insulin and Resting-State Human Brain Activity
Alterations of Interhemispheric Functional Connectivity and Degree Centrality in Cervical Dystonia: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Study of brain morphology change in Alzheimer’s disease and amnestic mild cognitive impairment compared with normal controls
Regulation of action selection based on metacognition in humans via a ventral and dorsal medial prefrontal cortical network.
Impaired functional connectivity of limbic system in migraine without aura.
Abnormal intrinsic functional hubs and connectivity in stable patients with COPD: a resting-state MRI study
The relationship between negative BOLD responses and ERS and ERD of alpha/beta oscillations in visual and motor cortex.
The prognosis and changes of regional brain gray matter volume in MDD with gastrointestinal symptoms
Structural changes in white matter lesion patients and their correlation with cognitive impairment
Modulations of emotional attention and spatial attention on human visual cortical activities
Characterizing the Structural Pattern Predicting Medication Response in Herpes Zoster Patients Using Multivoxel Pattern Analysis
Single-Trial EEG-fMRI Reveals the Generation Process of the Mismatch Negativity
Gray Matter Correlates of Creativity in Musical Improvisation
Culture Modulates the Neural Correlates Underlying Risky Exploration
Network Alterations in Comorbid Chronic Pain and Opioid Addiction: An Exploratory Approach
Enhanced Processing of Painful Emotions in Patients With Borderline Personality Disorder: A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Apolipoprotein E Homozygous ε4 Allele Status: A Deteriorating Effect on Visuospatial Working Memory and Global Brain Structure
Power Spectral Density and Functional Connectivity Changes due to a Sensorimotor Neurofeedback Training: A Preliminary Study
Does experienced pain affects local brain volumes? Insights from a clinical acute pain model
The mediating role of hippocampal networks on stress regulation in amnestic mild cognitive impairment
Meta-analytic Evidence for the Plurality of Mechanisms in Transdiagnostic Structural MRI Studies of Hallucination Status
Neural correlates of theory-of-mind are associated with variation in children’s everyday social cognition
Theta-burst transcranial magnetic stimulation induced functional connectivity changes between dorsolateral prefrontal cortex and default-mode-network.
Sentence processing is modulated by the current linguistic environment and a priori information: An fMRI study
Increased Insular Connectivity and Enhanced Empathic Ability Associated with Dance/Music Training
Influence of the hypothalamus-pituitary-gonadal axis reactivation and corresponding surging sex hormones on the amplitude of low-frequency oscillations in early pubertal girls: A resting state fMRI study.
Brain Metabolic Patterns in Patients with Suspected Non-Alzheimer's Pathophysiology (SNAP) and Alzheimer's Disease (AD): Is [18F] FDG a Specific Biomarker in These Patients?
Distinguishing between cognitive explanations of the problem size effect in mental arithmetic via representational similarity analysis of fMRI data.
Alzheimer's disease patients activate attention networks in a short-term memory task
Cue Reactivity in the Ventral Striatum Characterizes Heavy Cannabis Use, Whereas Reactivity in the Dorsal Striatum Mediates Dependent Use.
Combined fractional anisotropy and subcortical volumetric abnormalities in healthy immigrants to high altitude: A longitudinal study.
Dissociating refreshing and elaboration and their impacts on memory.
Different patterns of cortical activity in females and males during spatial long-term memory.
Frequency-specific alterations in cortical rhythms and functional connectivity in trigeminal neuralgia.
A transcallosal fibre system between homotopic inferior frontal regions supports complex linguistic processing
Effects of Mnemonic Strategy Training on Brain Activity and Cognitive Functioning of Left-Hemisphere Ischemic Stroke Patients
A Neuroanatomical Substrate Linking Perceptual Stability to Cognitive Rigidity in Autism
Resting-State Brain Network Dysfunctions Associated With Visuomotor Impairments in Autism Spectrum Disorder
Neurocompensatory Effects of the Default Network in Older Adults
Neural modifications in lower limb amputation: an fMRI study on action and non-action oriented body representations.
Effects of low- and high-intensity exercise on emotional face processing: an fMRI face-matching study
Cortical morphometry alterations in brain regions involved in emotional, motor-control and self-referential processing in patients with functional constipation.
From Synchrony to Asynchrony: Cerebellar-Basal Ganglia Functional Circuits in Young and Older Adults.
Action in auctions: neural and computational mechanisms of bidding behaviour
Elucidating the role of the posterior medial frontal cortex in social conflict processing.
Neural correlates of semantic and syntactic processing in German Sign Language.
Abnormal spontaneous neural activity of brain regions in patients with primary blepharospasm at rest.
Altered intrinsic brain activity associated with outcome in frontal lobe epilepsy
Empathizing associates with mean diffusivity
Associations between brain morphology and motor performance in chronic neck pain: A whole-brain surface-based morphometry approach.
Auditory entrainment of motor responses in older adults with and without Parkinson's disease: An MEG study.
Odor-related brain hyper-reactivity in euthymic bipolar disorder: An fMRI and ERP study.
Cerebellar atrophy and its contribution to motor and cognitive performance in multiple system atrophy
Molecular alterations in the medial temporal lobe in schizophrenia.
Depression Severity Over 27 Months in Adolescent Girls Is Predicted by Stress-Linked Cortical Morphology.
Brain Entropy is Associated with Divergent Thinking.
The effect of acute cocoa flavanol intake on the BOLD response and cognitive function in type 1 diabetes: a randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blinded cross-over pilot study.
fMRI and acoustic analyses reveal neural correlates of gestural complexity and articulatory effort within bilateral inferior frontal gyrus during speech production.
Temporal dynamic changes of intrinsic brain activity in schizophrenia with cigarette smoking.
Neurocognitive mechanisms of reactions to second- and third-party justice violations
Gray matter volume and microRNA levels in patients with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.
Neural Correlates of Verbal Working Memory: An fMRI Meta-Analysis
Exploring the Neural Correlates in Adopting a Realistic View: A Neural Structural and Functional Connectivity Study With Female Nurses
Short Version Dental Anxiety Inventory Score May Predict the Response in the Insular Cortex to Stimuli Mimicking Dental Treatment
DC Shifts-fMRI: A Supplement to Event-Related fMRI
An Examination of Motivation to Change and Neural Alcohol Cue Reactivity Following a Brief Intervention
Volume of Hypothalamus as a Diagnostic Biomarker of Chronic Migraine
Task-dependent functional organizations of the visual ventral stream
Localized Connectivity in Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder: An Investigation Combining Univariate and Multivariate Pattern Analyses
Coupling of cerebral blood flow and functional connectivity is decreased in healthy aging.
Separate Memory-Enhancing Effects of Reward and Strategic Encoding.
Can fMRI discriminate between deception and false memory? A meta-analytic comparison between deception and false memory studies.
Heightened neural sensitivity to social exclusion in boys with a history of low peer preference during primary school
Examining individual differences in reading and attentional control networks utilizing an oddball fMRI task
Superior emotional regulating effects of creative cognitive reappraisal.
Distinct neural response to visual perspective and body size in the extrastriate body area.
Application of amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation to altered spontaneous neuronal activity in classical trigeminal neuralgia patients: A resting-state functional MRI study
Characterizing and Predicting Autism Spectrum Disorder by Performing Resting-State Functional Network Community Pattern Analysis
Two Sides of One Coin: A Comparison of Clinical and Neurobiological Characteristics of Convicted and Non-Convicted Pedophilic Child Sexual Offenders
Differing Spontaneous Brain Activity in Healthy Adults with Two Different Body Constitutions: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Increased Thalamocortical Connectivity in Schizophrenia Correlates With Sleep Spindle Deficits: Evidence for a Common Pathophysiology.
Neural Mechanisms for Accepting and Rejecting Artificial Social Partners in the Uncanny Valley
Electroencephalography reflects the activity of sub-cortical brain regions during approach-withdrawal behaviour while listening to music
Tasked-Based Functional Brain Connectivity in Multisensory Control of Wrist Movement After Stroke
Pre-symptomatic local brain activity and functional connectivity alterations in nasopharyngeal carcinoma patients who developed radiation encephalopathy following radiotherapy.
Brain activity associated with Dual‐task performance of Ankle motor control during cognitive challenge
Asking ‘why?’ enhances theory of mind when evaluating harm but not purity violations
Social evaluations under conflict: negative judgments of conflicting information are easier than positive judgments
Mindfulness-Based Stress Reduction-related changes in posterior cingulate resting brain connectivity
Directed functional connectivity of the hippocampus in patients with presbycusis.
A Novel Approach to Evaluate Brain Activation for Lower Extremity Motor Control.
Modafinil treatment modulates functional connectivity in stroke survivors with severe fatigue
Gender Differences in Large-Scale and Small-Scale Spatial Ability: A Systematic Review Based on Behavioral and Neuroimaging Research
Empathy in Females With Autism Spectrum Disorder
A functional magnetic resonance imaging investigation of the autonomous sensory meridian response
Mind the gap: Congruence between present and future motivational states shapes prospective decisions.
Altered development of hippocampus-dependent associative learning following early-life adversity
Multivariate classification of drug-naive obsessive-compulsive disorder patients and healthy controls by applying an SVM to resting-state functional MRI data
Progressive brain atrophy in Parkinson's disease patients who convert to mild cognitive impairment
L2 speech perception in noise: An fMRI study of advanced Spanish learners.
Cognitive reward control recruits medial and lateral frontal cortices, which are also involved in cognitive emotion regulation: A coordinate-based meta-analysis of fMRI studies.
Retrieval aids the creation of a generalised memory trace and strengthens episode-unique information.
Neural substrates of amodal and modality-specific semantic processing within the temporal lobe: A lesion-behavior mapping study of semantic dementia.
Intensity-Dependent Effects of Acute Exercise on Executive Function
Predicting domain-specific actions in expert table tennis players activates the semantic brain network.
Language learning experience and mastering the challenges of perceiving speech in noise.
Neural responses to action contingency error in different cortical areas are attributable to forward prediction or sensory processing
Abnormal reward system network in primary dysmenorrhea
Network functional connectivity analysis in individuals at ultrahigh risk for psychosis and patients with schizophrenia.
Valence-Dependent Coupling of Prefrontal-Amygdala Effective Connectivity during Facial Affect Processing
Task-induced functional brain connectivity mediates the relationship between striatal D2/3 receptors and working memory
Dopaminergic modulation of motor network compensatory mechanisms in Parkinson's disease.
Neurobiological Markers of Resilience to Depression Following Childhood Maltreatment: The Role of Neural Circuits Supporting the Cognitive Control of Emotion.
Altered Global Synchronizations in Patients With Parkinson’s Disease: A Resting-State fMRI Study
The regional homogeneity patterns of the dorsal medial prefrontal cortex predict individual differences in decision impulsivity.
Proactive and Reactive Language Control in the Bilingual Brain
Shifting brain circuits in pain chronicity.
Inhibit, switch, and update: A within-subject fMRI investigation of executive control.
Brain structural differences in monozygotic twins discordant for body mass index.
Disruption of resting-state functional connectivity of right posterior insula in adolescents and young adults with major depressive disorder.
Abnormal resting-state regional homogeneity in unmedicated bipolar II disorder.
Sex differences in brain activation patterns with mental stress in patients with coronary artery disease
Audio–visual and olfactory–visual integration in healthy participants and subjects with autism spectrum disorder
Similar patterns of cortical activity in females and males during item memory.
Non-linear spelling in writing after a pure cerebellar lesion.
Default-mode network activation underlies accurate contextual processing of exclusive disjunctions in older but not younger adults.
Low-Frequency Fluctuations Amplitude Signals Exhibit Abnormalities of Intrinsic Brain Activities and Reflect Cognitive Impairment in Leukoaraiosis Patients
Microstructural plasticity in the bilingual brain.
Resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) and functional connectivity density mapping in patients with corneal ulcer
Irritability and brain volume in adolescents: cross-sectional and longitudinal associations
Development and body mass inversely affect children's brain activation in dorsolateral prefrontal cortex during food choice.
Spoken language proficiency predicts print-speech convergence in beginning readers.
Differential neural responding to affective stimuli in 6- to 8-year old children at high familial risk for depression: Associations with behavioral reward seeking.
Atypical Dorsolateral Prefrontal Activity in Female Adolescents With Conduct Disorder During Effortful Emotion Regulation
The Altered Somatic Brain Network in State Anxiety
Altered temporal dynamics of brain activity in patients with generalized tonic-clonic seizures
Abnormal Regional Homogeneity in Patients With Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder and Their Unaffected Siblings: A Resting-State fMRI Study
The awareness of the scared - context dependent influence of oxytocin on brain function.
Genotype x environment interaction and genetic gain for grain yield and grain quality traits in Turkish spring wheat released between 1964 and 2010
The functional neuroanatomy of emotion processing in frontotemporal dementias
Stepwise functional connectivity reveals altered sensory-multimodal integration in medication-naïve adults with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.
Multivoxel Pattern Analysis Reveals a Neural Phenotype for Trust Bias in Adolescents.
Lesion location impact on functional recovery of the hemiparetic upper limb
Head over heels but I forget why: Disruptive functional connectivity in older adult fallers with mild cognitive impairment.
Mapping critical hubs of receptive and expressive language using MEG: A comparison against fMRI.
Correlates of anomia in non-semantic variants of primary progressive aphasia converge over time.
Brain activity sensitive to visual congruency effects relates to divergent thinking.
The Graded Change in Connectivity across the Ventromedial Prefrontal Cortex Reveals Distinct Subregions
Common and Distinct Functional Brain Networks for Intuitive and Deliberate Decision Making
Baseline Functional Connectivity Features of Neural Network Nodes Can Predict Improvement After Sound Therapy Through Adjusted Narrow Band Noise in Tinnitus Patients
Enhanced Regional Homogeneity and Functional Connectivity in Subjects With White Matter Hyperintensities and Cognitive Impairment
Alterations of Functional Brain Connectivity After Long-Duration Spaceflight as Revealed by fMRI
Abnormal intra-network architecture in extra-striate cortices in amblyopia: a resting state fMRI study
Neurocognitive Signatures of Naturalistic Reading of Scientific Texts: A Fixation-Related fMRI Study
Sex-Dependent Associations among Maternal Depressive Symptoms, Child Reward Network, and Behaviors in Early Childhood.
Regional Specialization and Coordination Within the Network for Perceiving and Knowing About Others.
Bupropion increases activation in nucleus accumbens during anticipation of monetary reward.
Brain dynamics and connectivity networks under natural auditory stimulation.
Altered Effective Connectivity of Central Autonomic Network in Response to Negative Facial Expression in Adults With Cannabis Use Disorder.
The Neural Basis of Approach-Avoidance Conflict: A Model Based Analysis
Building the multitasking brain: An integrated perspective on functional brain activation during task-switching and dual-tasking.
Different neural substrates at first impressions of same-sex and opposite-sex faces in women.
Attenuated prefrontal and temporal neural activity during working memory as a potential biomarker of suicidal ideation in veterans with PTSD.
A difference degree test for comparing brain networks.
Resting-state connectivity reveals a role for sensorimotor systems in vocal emotional processing in children.
Long-term training-dependent representation of individual finger movements in the primary motor cortex.
Are individual differences quantitative or qualitative? An integrated behavioral and fMRI MIMIC approach.
Neural correlates and functional connectivity of lexical tone processing in reading.
Functional Connectivity Within the Gustatory Network Is Altered by Fat Content and Oral Fat Sensitivity – A Pilot Study
Spatiotemporal Dynamics of Sleep Spindle Sources Across NREM Sleep Cycles
Reduced Visual and Frontal Cortex Activation During Visual Working Memory in Grapheme-Color Synaesthetes Relative to Young and Older Adults
Fitness-Dependent Effect of Acute Aerobic Exercise on Executive Function
Hippocampal Volume as a Putative Marker of Resilience or Compensation to Minor Depressive Symptoms in a Nonclinical Sample
Increased Temporal Dynamics of Intrinsic Brain Activity in Sensory and Perceptual Network of Schizophrenia
Neural Mechanisms of Reward Prediction Error in Autism Spectrum Disorder
Identifying Schizo-Obsessive Comorbidity by Tract-Based Spatial Statistics and Probabilistic Tractography.
A lack of differentiation in amygdala responses to fearful expression intensity in panic disorder patients.
Characterising neural plasticity at the single patient level using connectivity fingerprints
Evidence of parietal hyperactivation in individuals with mild cognitive impairment who progressed to dementia: A longitudinal fMRI study
When worry may be good for you: Worry severity and limbic-prefrontal functional connectivity in late-life generalized anxiety disorder.
Evaluating the Utility of EPIK in a Finger Tapping fMRI Experiment using BOLD Detection and Effective Connectivity
Neural effects of hand-grip-activity induced fatigue sensation on appetite: a magnetoencephalography study
Cerebellar contribution to auditory feedback control of speech production: Evidence from patients with spinocerebellar ataxia.
Cardiovascular risk and encoding-related hippocampal connectivity in older adults
The posterior Cerebellum is involved in constructing Social Action Sequences: An fMRI Study
How words impact on pain
Language Without Speech: Segregating Distinct Circuits in the Human Brain.
Aberrant regional homogeneity in post-traumatic stress disorder after traffic accident: A resting-state functional MRI study
A human memory circuit derived from brain lesions causing amnesia
Response-level processing during visual feature search: Effects of frontoparietal activation and adult age
White matter volume alterations in hair-pulling disorder (trichotillomania).
Amygdala-prefrontal cortex connectivity increased during face discrimination but not time perception.
Age-related differences in the structural and effective connectivity of cognitive control: a combined fMRI and DTI study of mental arithmetic.
Reading and spelling skills are differentially related to phonological processing: Behavioral and fMRI study
Voxel-based morphometry results in first-episode schizophrenia: a comparison of publicly available software packages.
Reduced resting‐state functional connectivity and sleep impairment in abstinent male alcohol‐dependent patients
Close yet independent: Dissociation of social from valence and abstract semantic dimensions in the left anterior temporal lobe.
Dynamic brain network configurations during rest and an attention task with frequent occurrence of mind wandering.
Differential Effects of Sustained Manual Pressure Stimulation According to Site of Action
Left Amygdala and Putamen Activation Modulate Emotion Driven Decisions in the Iterated Prisoner’s Dilemma Game
Building Memory Representations for Exemplar-Based Judgment: A Role for Ventral Precuneus
Emotion Regulation of Hippocampus Using Real-Time fMRI Neurofeedback in Healthy Human
The Different Brain Mechanisms of Object and Spatial Working Memory: Voxel-Based Morphometry and Resting-State Functional Connectivity
Changes in Resting-State Functional Connectivity of the Hippocampus Following Cognitive Effort Predict Memory Decline at Older Age—A Longitudinal fMRI Study
Aberrant Brain Activity at Early Delay Stage Post-radiotherapy as a Biomarker for Predicting Neurocognitive Dysfunction Late-Delayed in Patients With Nasopharyngeal Carcinoma
Age-related differences in brain activations during spatial memory formation in a well-learned virtual Morris water maze (vMWM) task.
State-independent and -dependent structural alterations in limbic-cortical regions in patients with current and remitted depression.
Increased brain responsivity to galvanic vestibular stimulation in bilateral vestibular failure
Evidence of altered brain network centrality in patients with diabetic nephropathy and retinopathy: an fMRI study using a voxel-wise degree centrality approach
Cerebral glucose metabolism differs according to future weight change.
Does traditional asian vegetables (ulam) consumption correlate with brain activity using fMRI? A study among aging adults from low‐income households
Computing distance information from landmarks and self-motion cues - Differential contributions of anterior-lateral vs. posterior-medial entorhinal cortex in humans.
Free-Water Imaging in White and Gray Matter in Parkinson’s Disease
The neural correlates of "mind blanking": When the mind goes away.
Effects of hypogonadism on brain development during adolescence in girls with Turner syndrome.
Attenuated brain activity during error processing and punishment anticipation in procrastination – a monetary Go/No-go fMRI study
Structural and Functional MRI Evidence for Distinct Medial Temporal and Prefrontal Roles in Context-dependent Relational Memory.
Sex Differences in the Neural Correlates of Spatial Context Memory Decline in Healthy Aging.
Laughter is in the air: involvement of key nodes of the emotional motor system in the anticipation of tickling
A meta-analysis of neuroimaging studies on pain empathy: investigating the role of visual information and observers’ perspective
Effects of a neurodevelopmental genes based polygenic risk score for schizophrenia and single gene variants on brain structure in non-clinical subjects: A preliminary report.
Disrupted Regional Cerebral Blood Flow, Functional Activity and Connectivity in Alzheimer’s Disease: A Combined ASL Perfusion and Resting State fMRI Study
Altered Regional Homogeneity in Patients With Corneal Ulcer: A Resting-State Functional MRI Study
Functional Brain Changes During Mindfulness-Based Cognitive Therapy Associated With Tinnitus Severity
Behavioral and Neural Dysregulation to Social Rewards and Links to Internalizing Symptoms in Adolescents
Altered Functional Connectivity Between the Cerebellum and the Cortico-Striato-Thalamo-Cortical Circuit in Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder
Association of Lesion Location With Long-Term Recovery in Post-stroke Aphasia and Language Deficits
Differential cortical activation during the perception of moving objects along different trajectories.
Modulatory effect of International Standard Scalp Acupuncture on brain activation in the elderly as revealed by resting-state fMRI
Differential Functional Connectivity along the Long Axis of the Hippocampus Aligns with Differential Role in Memory Specificity and Generalization.
Individual Differences in the Neural Dynamics of Response Inhibition.
Stress and the brain: Perceived stress mediates the impact of the superior frontal gyrus spontaneous activity on depressive symptoms in late adolescence.
Aberrant activity in conceptual networks underlies N400 deficits and unusual thoughts in schizophrenia
Functional Connectivity of the Striatum in Schizophrenia and Psychotic Bipolar Disorder.
Emotions amplify speaker-listener neural alignment.
Intrinsic functional connectivity in social anxiety disorder with and without comorbid attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.
Involvement of human left frontoparietal cortices in neural processes associated with task-switching between two sequences of skilled finger movements.
Altered cortical structure and psychiatric symptom risk in adolescents exposed to maternal stress in utero: A retrospective investigation.
Reduced accuracy accompanied by reduced neural activity during the performance of an emotional conflict task by unmedicated patients with major depression: A CAN-BIND fMRI study.
Negative life experiences contribute to racial differences in the neural response to threat.
Increased Medial Prefrontal Cortex and Decreased Zygomaticus Activation in Response to Disliked Smiles Suggest Top-Down Inhibition of Facial Mimicry
Patterns of co-altered brain structure and function underlying neurological soft signs in schizophrenia spectrum disorders.
Cerebral lesion correlates of sympathetic cardiovascular activation in multiple sclerosis
Aberrant resting-state functional connectivity of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex to the anterior insula and its association with fear avoidance belief in chronic neck pain patients
The preference for future outcomes correlates with the temporal variability of functional connectivity among brain regions.
The effects of short-term musical training on the neural processing of speech-in-noise in older adults.
Alternating-color words influence Chinese sentence reading: Evidence from neural connectivity.
Intertemporal decision-making-related brain states predict adolescent drug abuse intervention responses
Viewing Pictures Triggers Rapid Morphological Enlargement in the Human Visual Cortex
A systematic optimization of F MR image acquisition to detect macrophage invasion into an ECM hydrogel implanted in the stroke-damaged brain.
Interference during the retrieval of arithmetic and lexico-semantic knowledge modulates similar brain regions: Evidence from functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI)
Altered spontaneous brain activity patterns in patients with retinal vein occlusion indicated by the amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation: A functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Attention control and its emotion-specific association with cognitive emotion regulation in depression.
Bayesian modeling of temporal expectations in the human brain.
Spatial Patterns of Decreased Cerebral Blood Flow and Functional Connectivity in Multiple System Atrophy (Cerebellar-Type): A Combined Arterial Spin Labeling Perfusion and Resting State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Neural Mechanisms for Monitoring and Halting of Spoken Word Production.
Degrees of lateralisation in semantic cognition: Evidence from intrinsic connectivity.
Neurocognitive determinants of theory of mind across the adult lifespan.
Cognitive and neural mechanisms underlying the mnemonic effect of songs after stroke
An fMRI-study on single-sided deafness: Spectral-temporal properties and side of stimulation modulates hemispheric dominance.
Hypothalamic Responses to Cocaine and Food Cues in Individuals with Cocaine Dependence
Linking visual gamma to task-related brain networks-a simultaneous EEG-fMRI study.
The same cortico-efferent tract involvement in progressive bulbar palsy and in ‘classical’ ALS: A tract of interest-based MRI study
Spatial distributions of cholinergic impairment and neuronal hypometabolism differ in MCI due to AD
Preparing for the Worst: Evidence that Older Adults Proactively Downregulate Negative Affect.
Brain structures associated with eating behaviors in normal-weight young females.
The Effect of Mindfulness Meditation on Impulsivity and its Neurobiological Correlates in Healthy Adults
Altered Functional Connectivity in Children With Low-Function Autism Spectrum Disorders
Decreased Gray-Matter Volume in Insular Cortex as a Correlate of Singers’ Enhanced Sensorimotor Control of Vocal Production
A Metabolic Obesity Profile Is Associated With Decreased Gray Matter Volume in Cognitively Healthy Older Adults
Altered Spontaneous Brain Activity of Children with Unilateral Amblyopia: A Resting State fMRI Study
Influence of pain anticipation on brain activity and pain perception in Gulf War Veterans with chronic musculoskeletal pain.
Neural correlates of top‐down modulation of haptic shape versus roughness perception
A multimodal MRI study of the neural mechanisms of emotion regulation impairment in women with obesity
Resting-state neural activity and connectivity associated with subjective happiness
Altered amygdala resting-state functional connectivity following acupuncture stimulation at BaiHui (GV20) in first-episode drug-Naïve major depressive disorder.
Brain structure links trait conscientiousness to academic performance
Age-dependent brain volume and neuropsychological changes after chemotherapy in breast cancer patients.
Experience-dependent neuroplasticity in trained musicians modulates the effects of chronic pain on insula-based networks - A resting-state fMRI study.
Domain-general and domain-specific computations in single word processing.
Antidepressant and antisuicidal effects of ketamine on the functional connectivity of prefrontal cortex-related circuits in treatment-resistant depression: A double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized, longitudinal resting fMRI study.
Abnormal spontaneous neural activity in the medial prefrontal cortex and right superior temporal gyrus correlates with anhedonia severity in obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Expansion of hippocampal and amygdala shape in posttraumatic stress and early life stress
Cingulo-hippocampal effective connectivity positively correlates with drug-cue attentional bias in opioid use disorder.
Cannabidiol attenuates insular dysfunction during motivational salience processing in subjects at clinical high risk for psychosis
Mean diffusivity related to rule-breaking guilt: the Macbeth effect in the sensorimotor regions
Pre-stimulus Brain Activity Is Associated With State-Anxiety Changes During Single-Session Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation
The Influence of Cerebrospinal Fluid Abnormalities and APOE 4 on PHF-Tau Protein: Evidence From Voxel Analysis and Graph Theory
The Metabolic Activity of Caudate and Prefrontal Cortex Negatively Correlates with the Severity of Idiopathic Parkinson’s Disease
Cortical network underlying audiovisual semantic integration and modulation of attention: An fMRI and graph-based study
Effects of Overweight or Obesity on Brain Resting State Functional Connectivity of Children with Autism Spectrum Disorder.
Inconsistency between cortical reorganization and functional connectivity alteration in the sensorimotor cortex following incomplete cervical spinal cord injury.
Human brain responses to gustatory and food stimuli: A meta-evaluation of neuroimaging meta-analyses.
Deformable MRI-Ultrasound registration using correlation-based attribute matching for brain shift correction: Accuracy and generality in multi-site data.
Distinct functional roles of the mirror neuron system and the mentalizing system.
Identification of the human sympathetic connectome involved in blood pressure regulation.
FMRI response to acute psychological stress differentiates patients with psychogenic non-epileptic seizures from healthy controls - A biochemical and neuroimaging biomarker study.
No Risk, No Differences. Neural Correlates of Temperamental Traits Revealed Using Naturalistic fMRI Method
Explicit Motor Imagery for Grasping Actions in Children With Spastic Unilateral Cerebral Palsy
Hyperactivity of Basal Ganglia in Patients With Parkinson's Disease During Internally Guided Voluntary Movements
Cognitive and Neuroanatomic Accounts of Referential Communication in Focal Dementia
Brain flexibility associated with need for cognition contributes to creative achievement.
In Trauma-Exposed Individuals, Self-reported Hyperarousal and Sleep Architecture Predict Resting-State Functional Connectivity in Frontocortical and Paralimbic Regions.
The impact of task difficulty on the lateralization of processing in the human auditory cortex
Stria terminalis, amygdala, and temporoparietal junction networks facilitate efficient emotion processing under expectations
Neural networks associated with body composition in frontotemporal dementia
Vulnerability to mood degradation during sleep deprivation is influenced by white-matter compactness of the triple-network model.
The effect of convolving word length, word frequency, function word predictability and first pass reading time in the analysis of a fixation-related fMRI dataset
The cerebellum is involved in processing of predictions and prediction errors in a fear conditioning paradigm
Early life factors, gray matter brain volume and academic performance in overweight/obese children: The ActiveBrains project.
The Modulatory Effect of Cerebrovascular Burden in Response to Cognitive Stimulation in Healthy Ageing and Mild Cognitive Impairment
Correlated Resting-State Functional MRI Activity of Frontostriatal, Thalamic, Temporal, and Cerebellar Brain Regions Differentiates Stroke Survivors with High Compared to Low Depressive Symptom Scores
Imaging cognitive fatigability in multiple sclerosis: objective quantification of cerebral blood flow during a task of sustained attention using ASL perfusion fMRI.
Functional Brain Hyperactivations Are Linked to an Electrophysiological Measure of Slow Interhemispheric Transfer Time after Pediatric Moderate/Severe Traumatic Brain Injury
Ventromedial prefrontal cortex contributes to performance success by controlling reward-driven arousal representation in amygdala.
SpinDoctor: A MATLAB toolbox for diffusion MRI simulation.
Frontal cortex differentiates between free and imposed target selection in multiple-target search.
Sexual trauma history is associated with reduced orbitofrontal network strength in substance-dependent women
Reduced spontaneous perspective taking in schizophrenia.
Resting-state fMRI dynamic functional network connectivity and associations with psychopathy traits.
Patterns of Cerebellar Connectivity with Intrinsic Connectivity Networks in Autism Spectrum Disorders.
Determinants of Inter-Individual Variability in Corticomotor Excitability Induced by Paired Associative Stimulation
Inhibition of Brain Area and Functional Connectivity in Idiopathic Sudden Sensorineural Hearing Loss With Tinnitus, Based on Resting-State EEG
Separate Neural Systems Value Prosocial Behaviors and Reward: An ALE Meta-Analysis
Prolonged Bedtime Smartphone Use is Associated With Altered Resting-State Functional Connectivity of the Insula in Adult Smartphone Users
Processing of Emotions in Functional Movement Disorder: An Exploratory fMRI Study
Structural changes of cerebellum and brainstem in migraine without aura
Compensatory task-specific hypersensitivity in bilateral planum temporale and right superior temporal gyrus during auditory rhythm and omission processing in Parkinson’s disease
Frequency-dependent changes in fractional amplitude of low-frequency oscillations in Alzheimer's disease: a resting-state fMRI study.
Re-learning to be different: Increased neural differentiation supports post-stroke language recovery.
Dopaminergic modulation of the praxis network in Parkinson's disease
Increased functional connectivity of thalamic subdivisions in patients with Parkinson’s disease
Target-oriented motor imagery for grasping action: different characteristics of brain activation between kinesthetic and visual imagery
Reduced synchronized brain activity in schizophrenia during viewing of comedy movies
Glucose hypometabolism in the visual cortex proportional to disease severity in patients with essential blepharospasm☆
Brain responses to social punishment: a meta-analysis
Women with early maltreatment experience show increased resting-state functional connectivity in the theory of mind (ToM) network
Interplay of the long axis of the hippocampus and ventromedial prefrontal cortex in schema-related memory retrieval.
Looking into recent and remote past: Meta-analytic evidence for cortical re-organization of episodic autobiographical memories.
Lateral occipitotemporal cortex encodes perceptual components of social actions rather than abstract representations of sociality.
Normative brain volumetry derived from different reference populations: impact on single-subject diagnostic assessment in dementia.
Alterations in serotonin transporter and body image-related cognition in anorexia nervosa
Trunk rotation and handedness modulate cortical activation in neglect-associated regions during temporal order judgments
Cortical neurodevelopment in pre-manifest Huntington's disease
Acquisition of sensorimotor fMRI under general anaesthesia: Assessment of feasibility, the BOLD response and clinical utility
Semantic deficits in ALS related to right lingual/fusiform gyrus network involvement
Dorsolateral prefrontal cortex hyperactivity during inhibitory control in children with ADHD in the antisaccade task.
Distinct neural mechanisms underlying conceptual knowledge of manner and instrument verbs.
A population stereotaxic positron emission tomography brain template for the macaque and its application to ischemic model.
Large-scale plurimodal networks common to listening to, producing and reading word lists: an fMRI study combining task-induced activation and intrinsic connectivity in 144 right-handers
Funny or Angry? Neural Correlates of Individual Differences in Aggressive Humor Processing
The role of the hippocampus in the semantic variant of primary progressive aphasia: A resting-state fcMRI study.
Automatic semantic influence on early visual word recognition in the ventral occipito-temporal cortex.
Coin, telephone, and handcuffs: Neural correlates of social knowledge of inanimate objects.
Gray matter volume reductions in patients with schizophrenia: A replication study across two cultural backgrounds.
Neural correlates of victimization in psychosis: differences in brain response to angry faces
White matter microstructure mediates the association between physical fitness and cognition in healthy, young adults
Assessing and mapping language, attention and executive multidimensional deficits in stroke aphasia
Seeing the Unexpected: How Brains Read Communicative Intent through Kinematics
Effect of Risperidone Monotherapy on Dynamic Functional Connectivity of Insular Subdivisions in Treatment-Naive, First-Episode Schizophrenia.
Large‐scale network dysfunction in vascular cognitive disorder supports connectional diaschisis in advanced arteriosclerosis
Different role of the supplementary motor area and the insula between musicians and non-musicians in a controlled musical creativity task
The neural mechanisms of social reward in early psychosis
Apples to apples? Neural correlates of emotion regulation differences between high- and low-risk adolescents
Increased neural reactivity to emotional pictures in men with high hair testosterone concentrations
The neural basis of semantic cognition in Mandarin Chinese: A combined fMRI and TMS study
Predicting Ventral Striatal Activation During Reward Anticipation From Functional Connectivity at Rest
Neural Processing of Dynamic Animated Social Interactions in Young Children With Autism Spectrum Disorder: A High-Density Electroencephalography Study
Parcellation of the Hippocampus Using Resting Functional Connectivity in Temporal Lobe Epilepsy
Cerebral differences between dopamine-resistant and dopamine-responsive Parkinson's tremor.
Anterior cingulate and medial prefrontal cortex response to systematically controlled tonal dissonance during passive music listening
Deactivation of somatosensory and visual cortices during vestibular stimulation is associated with older age and poorer balance
FMRI of shared-stream priming of lexical identification by object semantics along the ventral visual processing stream.
The neural basis of complex audiovisual objects maintenances in working memory.
Functional connectivity reveals dissociable ventrolateral prefrontal mechanisms for the control of multilingual word retrieval
Brain-based Classification of Negative Social Bias in Adolescents With Nonsuicidal Self-injury: Findings From Simulated Online Social Interaction
Differential brain mechanisms during reading human vs. machine translated fiction and news texts
Positron emission tomography visualized stimulation of the vestibular organ is localized in Heschl's gyrus
Verbal insight revisited: fMRI evidence for early processing in bilateral insulae for solutions with AHA! experience shortly after trial onset
Association of Cortical Glutamate and Working Memory Activation in Patients With Schizophrenia: A Multimodal Proton Magnetic Resonance Spectroscopy and Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study.
White matter microstructural differences across major depressive disorder, bipolar disorder and schizophrenia: A tract-based spatial statistics study.
Brain-behavior relationships in incidental learning of non-native phonetic categories.
Reduced connectivity in anterior cingulate cortex as an early predictor for treatment response in drug-naive, first-episode schizophrenia: A global-brain functional connectivity analysis.
Estimating repetitive spatiotemporal patterns from many subjects' resting-state fMRIs.
Defining the neural correlates of spontaneous theory of mind (ToM): An fMRI multi-study investigation.
The chronnectome of musical beat.
Understanding time perception through non-invasive brain stimulation techniques: A review of studies.
Reduced gray matter volume in male adolescent violent offenders
Dynamic up- and down-regulation of the default (DMN) and extrinsic (EMN) mode networks during alternating task-on and task-off periods
Hippocampal connectivity with sensorimotor cortex during volitional finger movements: Laterality and relationship to motor learning
Parcellation‐based tractographic modeling of the dorsal attention network
Modality-general representations of valences perceived from visual and auditory modalities.
Inflexibility in Autism Spectrum Disorder: Need for certainty and atypical emotion processing share the blame.
Brain response to facial expressions in adults with adolescent ADHD.
Characterization of brain microstructural abnormalities in cirrhotic patients without overt hepatic encephalopathy using diffusion kurtosis imaging
Distinct Neural Correlates of Executive Function by Amyloid Positivity and Associations with Clinical Progression in Mild Cognitive Impairment
White matter connectivity differences between treatment responders and non-responders in patients with panic disorder.
Individuation of parts of a single object and multiple distinct objects relies on a common neural mechanism in inferior intraparietal sulcus.
Does writing handedness affect neural representation of symbolic number? An fMRI adaptation study.
Alcohol use disorder and cannabis use disorder symptomatology in adolescents are differentially related to dysfunction in brain regions supporting face processing.
Common and distinct neural activities in frontoparietal network in first-episode bipolar disorder and major depressive disorder: Preliminary findings from a follow-up resting state fMRI study.
Effect of Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation on the Right Superior Temporal Gyrus for Severe Aphasia Caused by Damage to the Left Inferior Frontal Gyrus
Resonance-Paced Breathing Alters Neural Response to Visual Cues: Proof-of-Concept for a Neuroscience-Informed Adjunct to Addiction Treatments
Positive representation of relational self-esteem versus personal self-esteem in Chinese with interdependent self-construal.
Neural correlates of enhanced response inhibition in the aftermath of stress.
Implicit learning impairment identified via predictive saccades in Huntington's disease correlates with extended cortico-striatal atrophy.
Social and Non-social Reward: A Preliminary Examination of Clinical Improvement and Neural Reactivity in Adolescents Treated With Behavioral Therapy for Anxiety and Depression
Culture-Related and Individual Differences in Regional Brain Volumes: A Cross-Cultural Voxel-Based Morphometry Study
Effects of Exercise Modes on Neural Processing of Working Memory in Late Middle-Aged Adults: An fMRI Study
New Perspective for Non-invasive Brain Stimulation Site Selection in Mild Cognitive Impairment: Based on Meta- and Functional Connectivity Analyses
Differential Associations Between Volumes of Atrophic Cortical Brain Regions and Memory Performances in Early and Late Mild Cognitive Impairment
The Effect of Traditional Chinese Mind-Body Exercise (Baduanjin) and Brisk Walking on the Dorsal Attention Network in Older Adults With Mild Cognitive Impairment
Amygdala responds to direct gaze in real but not in computer-generated faces.
Reduced regional activity and functional connectivity within sensorimotor network in Parkinson’s patients with restless legs syndrome
Brain Activity Associated With Expected Task Difficulty
Distinct Mechanism of Audiovisual Integration With Informative and Uninformative Sound in a Visual Detection Task: A DCM Study
Striatal responsiveness to reward under threat‐of‐shock and working memory load: A preliminary study
Resting-state functional magnetic resonance study of primary open-angle glaucoma based on voxelwise brain network degree centrality.
Duration and extent of bilingual experience modulate neurocognitive outcomes.
Distinct Neural Mechanisms Meet Challenges in Dynamic Visual Attention due to Either Load or Object Spacing.
How words and space collide: Lexical and sublexical reading are reliant on separable reflexive and voluntary attention regions in hybrid tasks.
Brain Development in School-Age and Adolescent Girls: Effects of Turner Syndrome, Estrogen Therapy, and Genomic Imprinting.
Sex Differences in the Amygdala Resting-State Connectome of Children With Autism Spectrum Disorder.
Resting‐state functional magnetic resonance imaging versus task‐based activity for language mapping and correlation with perioperative cortical mapping
Aberrant patterns of default‐mode network functional connectivity associated with metabolic syndrome: A resting‐state study
Individualized psychiatric imaging based on inter-subject neural synchronization in movie watching.
The quandary of covarying: A brief review and empirical examination of covariate use in structural neuroimaging studies on psychological variables.
What Difference Does it Make? Risk-Taking Behavior in Obesity after a Loss is Associated with Decreased Ventromedial Prefrontal Cortex Activity
Increased cerebellar-default-mode network connectivity at rest in obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Generalizability of machine learning for classification of schizophrenia based on resting‐state functional MRI data
Disrupted Brain Entropy And Functional Connectivity Patterns Of Thalamic Subregions In Major Depressive Disorder
Altered Cingulate Cortex Functional Connectivity in Normal Aging and Mild Cognitive Impairment
Sex, Age, and Handedness Modulate the Neural Correlates of Active Learning
Structural and Functional Connectivity of the Anterior Cingulate Cortex in Patients With Borderline Personality Disorder
Social and Non-social Reward Processing and Depressive Symptoms Among Sexual Minority Adolescents
Structural and Functional Disruptions in Subcortical Vascular Mild Cognitive Impairment With and Without Depressive Symptoms
Altered Patterns of the Fractional Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuation and Functional Connectivity Between Deficit and Non-Deficit Schizophrenia
A Functional Neuroimaging Meta-Analysis of Self-Related Processing in Schizophrenia
Altered brain network centrality in patients with late monocular blindness: a resting-state fMRI study
Central network changes in patients with advanced monocular blindness: A voxel‐based morphometric study
Learning to play badminton altered resting-state activity and functional connectivity of the cerebellar sub-regions in adults
The use of electronic coil location control for focal magnetic stimulation at the cervical level.
The difference in cortical activation pattern for complex motor skills: A functional near- infrared spectroscopy study
Stability of dynamic functional architecture differs between brain networks and states.
Language Control in Diglossic and Bilingual Contexts: An Event-Related fMRI Study Using Picture Naming Tasks.
Early diagnosis of Alzheimer’s disease using combined features from voxel-based morphometry and cortical, subcortical, and hippocampus regions of MRI T1 brain images
Transdiagnostic Prediction of Affective, Cognitive, and Social Function Through Brain Reward Anticipation in Schizophrenia, Bipolar Disorder, Major Depression, and Autism Spectrum Diagnoses
Strategy switches in proactive inhibitory control and their association with task-general and stopping-specific networks.
Early cortical surface plasticity relates to basic mathematical learning.
Shared premotor activity in spoken and written communication.
Written sentence context effects on acoustic-phonetic perception: fMRI reveals cross-modal semantic-perceptual interactions.
Differentiation of schizophrenia using structural MRI with consideration of scanner differences: A real‐world multisite study
Increased resting-state functional connectivity in suprasellar tumor patients with postoperative visual improvement
A resting-state network comparison of combat-related PTSD with combat-exposed and civilian controls
Diffusion tensor imaging in orthostatic tremor: a tract‐based spatial statistics study
Mean diffusivity associated with trait emotional intelligence
Attending to Eliza: rapid brain responses reflect competence attribution in virtual social feedback processing
Neural signatures of cooperation enforcement and violation: a coordinate-based meta-analysis
Continuity in the neural system supporting children’s theory of mind development: Longitudinal links between task-independent EEG and task-dependent fMRI
Understanding the attitude of others by hearing action sounds: the role of the insula
Differential Impact of Emotion on Semantic Processing of Abstract and Concrete Words: ERP and fMRI Evidence
Neural basis of romantic partners’ decisions about participation in leisure activity
Imaging biomarkers of posttraumatic epileptogenesis.
Syntactic and Semantic Specialization and Integration in 5- to 6-Year-Old Children during Auditory Sentence Processing.
A novel fMRI paradigm to dissociate the behavioral and neural components of mixed-strategy decision making from non-strategic decisions in humans.
Cerebellar function in children with and without dyslexia during single word processing
Functional connectivity underpinning changes in life-space mobility in older adults with mild cognitive impairment: A 12-month prospective study.
Social cognition, behaviour and therapy adherence in frontal lobe epilepsy: a study combining neuroeconomic and neuropsychological methods
Altered inter‐ and intrahemispheric functional connectivity dynamics in autistic children
Age of acquisition impacts the brain differently depending on neuroanatomical metric
Impaired neural habituation to neutral faces in families genetically enriched for social anxiety disorder
Visual inputs decrease brain activity in frontal areas during silent lipreading
Abnormal dynamic functional connectivity density in patients with generalized anxiety disorder.
Connectivity of the Cognitive Control Network During Response Inhibition as a Predictive and Response Biomarker in Major Depression: Evidence From a Randomized Clinical Trial.
Cognitive reserve-mediated neural modulation of emotional control and regulation in people with late-life depression
Resting‐state brain entropy in right temporal lobe epilepsy and its relationship with alertness
Brain Morphological Changes With Functional Deficit Associated With Sexual Arousal in Postmenopausal Women
Altered Functional Brain Networks in Patients with Traumatic Anosmia: Resting-State Functional MRI Based on Graph Theoretical Analysis
Exposure in vivo Induced Changes in Neural Circuitry for Pain-Related Fear: A Longitudinal fMRI Study in Chronic Low Back Pain
Disrupted Intraregional Brain Activity and Functional Connectivity in Unilateral Acute Tinnitus Patients With Hearing Loss
Building the bodily self‐awareness: Evidence for the convergence between interoceptive and exteroceptive information in a multilevel kernel density analysis study
Mapping language with resting‐state functional magnetic resonance imaging: A study on the functional profile of the language network
Remapping in Cerebral and Cerebellar Cortices Is Not Restricted by Somatotopy
Neural Correlates of Facial Expression Recognition in Earthquake Witnesses
Cross-Validation of Paranoid-Depressive Scale and Functional MRI: New Paradigm for Neuroscience Informed Clinical Psychopathology
Altered Resting-State Functional Connectivity in Wernicke's Encephalopathy With Vestibular Impairment
Aging and the wandering brain: Age-related differences in the neural correlates of stimulus-independent thoughts
Mapping holmes tremor circuit using the human brain connectome
Increased activation of the pregenual anterior cingulate cortex to citalopram challenge in migraine: an fMRI study
Neural Correlates of Self-Construal Priming in the Ultimatum Game
The Inter-Regional Connectivity Within the Default Mode Network During the Attentional Processes of Internal Focus and External Focus: An fMRI Study of Continuous Finger Force Feedback
Posterior Cortical Atrophy: Does Complaint Match the Impairment? A Neuropsychological and FDG-PET Study
Gene-Related Cerebellar Neurodegeneration in SCA3/MJD: A Case-Controlled Imaging-Genetic Study
Altered spontaneous brain activity in patients with strabismic amblyopia: A resting-state fMRI study using regional homogeneity analysis
Altered resting‐state functional connectivity within the developing social brain after pediatric traumatic brain injury
Individual differences in pain sensitivity are associated with cognitive network functional connectivity following one night of experimental sleep disruption
Predictive Impact of Contextual Objects during Action Observation: Evidence from Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging.
Neural Correlates of Causal Confounding.
Brain Networks Underlying Eye’s Pupil Dynamics
Hyperscanning of Interactive Juggling: Expertise Influence on Source Level Functional Connectivity
The ConDialInt Model: Condensation, Dialogality, and Intentionality Dimensions of Inner Speech Within a Hierarchical Predictive Control Framework
Peripheral Innate Immune Activation Correlates With Disease Severity in GRN Haploinsufficiency
Abnormal Functional Connectivity in Cognitive Control Network, Default Mode Network, and Visual Attention Network in Internet Addiction: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Association between impulsivity and neural activation to alcohol cues in heavy drinkers.
Dysfunction between dorsal caudate and salience network associated with impaired cognitive flexibility in obsessive-compulsive disorder: A resting-state fMRI study
Decreased regional homogeneity and increased functional connectivity of default network correlated with neurocognitive deficits in subjects with genetic high-risk for schizophrenia: A resting-state fMRI study.
Effects of Pet Insects on Cognitive Function among the Elderly: An fMRI Study
Parental Reflective Functioning correlates to brain activation in response to video-stimuli of mother-child dyads: Links to maternal trauma history and PTSD.
Machine-learning-based classification between post-traumatic stress disorder and major depressive disorder using P300 features
Clinical, cortical thickness and neural activity predictors of future affective lability in youth at risk for bipolar disorder: initial discovery and independent sample replication
Altered functional connectivity of the amygdala in Crohn's disease.
Neural correlates of prospection impairments in schizophrenia: Evidence from voxel-based morphometry analysis.
Inter-subject P300 variability relates to the efficiency of brain networks reconfigured from resting- to task-state: Evidence from a simultaneous event-related EEG-fMRI study.
Cortical Regions Encoding Hardness Perception Modulated by Visual Information Identified by Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging With Multivoxel Pattern Analysis
Correlation Between Thalamus-Related Functional Connectivity and Serum BDNF Levels During the Periovulatory Phase of Primary Dysmenorrhea
Multivariate Pattern Classification of Primary Insomnia Using Three Types of Functional Connectivity Features
Dynamic Alterations of Spontaneous Neural Activity in Parkinson's Disease: A Resting-State fMRI Study
An improved neuroanatomical model of the default-mode network reconciles previous neuroimaging and neuropathological findings
Self‐regulation of ventromedial prefrontal cortex activation using real‐time fMRI neurofeedback—Influence of default mode network
Deep brain activation patterns involved in virtual gait without and with a doorway: An fMRI study
Associations between brain structural networks and neurological soft signs in healthy adults.
Neural tracking of speech mental imagery during rhythmic inner counting
The effect of anxiety on brain activation patterns in response to inspiratory occlusions: an fMRI study
Auditory Categorization of Man-Made Sounds Versus Natural Sounds by Means of MEG Functional Brain Connectivity
Differential Influence of Acupuncture Somatosensory and Cognitive/Affective Components on Functional Brain Connectivity and Pain Reduction During Low Back Pain State
Processing of Action and Sound Verbs in Context: An FMRI Study
Direct replication of task‐dependent neural activation patterns during sadness introspection in two independent adolescent samples
Brain activation during executive control after acute exercise in older adults.
Inferior frontal gyrus involvement during search and solution in verbal creative problem solving: A parametric fMRI study
Are you laughing at me? Neural correlates of social intent attribution to auditory and visual laughter
The neural substrates responsible for how trait anxiety affects delay discounting: Right hippocampal and cerebellar connectivity with bistable right inferior parietal lobule.
The effects of age on cerebral responses to self-initiated actions during social interactions: An exploratory study.
Cardiorespiratory fitness predicts effective connectivity between the hippocampus and default mode network nodes in young adults.
Transcutaneous auricular vagus nerve stimulation at 1 Hz modulates locus coeruleus activity and resting state functional connectivity in patients with migraine: An fMRI study
Reduced Brain Activity in the Right Putamen as an Early Predictor for Treatment Response in Drug-Naive, First-Episode Schizophrenia
Auditory Deficits in Audiovisual Speech Perception in Adult Asperger’s Syndrome: fMRI Study
Alterations of Dynamic Regional Homogeneity in Trigeminal Neuralgia: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Different patterns of cerebral perfusion in SLE patients with and without neuropsychiatric manifestations
Is It Speech or Song? Effect of Melody Priming on Pitch Perception of Modified Mandarin Speech
Neural tracking of subjective value under riskand ambiguity in adolescence
Bilingualism as a gradient measure modulates functional connectivity of language and control networks.
Rumination and the default mode network: Meta-analysis of brain imaging studies and implications for depression.
Altered resting-state functional connectivity of the insula in individuals with clinical high-risk and patients with first-episode schizophrenia.
Functional connectivity in human auditory networks and the origins of variation in the transmission of musical systems
Multivoxel pattern analysis reveals dissociations between subjective fear and its physiological correlates
Sleep Spindle-dependent Functional Connectivity Correlates with Cognitive Abilities.
Rhythmic Temporal Expectation Boosts Neural Activity by Increasing Neural Gain
Sensorimotor and pain‐related alterations of the gray matter and white matter in Type 2 diabetic patients with peripheral neuropathy
Functional connectivity of music-induced analgesia in fibromyalgia
Common neural value representations of hedonic and utilitarian products in the ventral striatum: An fMRI study
Neural correlates of moral goodness and moral beauty judgments.
Predictive perception of self-generated movements: Commonalities and differences in the neural processing of tool and hand actions.
Role of prediction error in destabilizing fear memories in retrieval extinction and its neural mechanisms.
Neural responses to monetary incentives in bipolar disorder
Internet addiction and functional brain networks: task-related fMRI study
Role of the dorsal attention network in distracter suppression based on features
Understanding the association between psychomotor processing speed and white matter hyperintensity: A comprehensive multi‐modality MR imaging study
Compensatory Hippocampal Recruitment Supports Preserved Episodic Memory in Autism Spectrum Disorder.
Properties of cross-modal occipital responses in early blindness: An ALE meta-analysis
Neural processing of infant and adult face emotion and maternal exposure to childhood maltreatment
The impact of threat of shock-induced anxiety on the neural substrates of memory encoding and retrieval
Relation of FTO to BOLD response to receipt and anticipated receipt of food and monetary reward, food images, and weight gain in healthy weight adolescents
The effect of emotion regulation on risk-taking and decision-related activity in prefrontal cortex
Dissociable roles of left and right temporoparietal junction in strategic competitive interaction
The neural basis of shared preference learning
Delineating the social valuation network in adolescents
Neural correlates of up-regulating positive emotions in fMRI and their link to affect in daily life
Neuroimaging features of whole‐brain functional connectivity predict attack frequency of migraine
Effects of Music Training on Inhibitory Control and Associated Neural Networks in School-Aged Children: A Longitudinal Study
Effects of Chronic Sleep Restriction on the Brain Functional Network, as Revealed by Graph Theory
Neural Effects of Gender and Age Interact in Reading
Interaction Effect of Sex and Body Mass Index on Gray Matter Volume
Brain Gray Matter Volume and Functional Connectivity Are Associated With Smoking Cessation Outcomes
Gender- and Age-Specific Differences in Resting-State Functional Connectivity of the Central Autonomic Network in Adulthood
Alterations of Regional Homogeneity and Functional Connectivity Following Short-Term Mindfulness Meditation in Healthy Volunteers
Spatio-Temporal Neural Changes After Task-Switching Training in Old Age
Alterations of Regional Homogeneity in Parkinson’s Disease Patients With Freezing of Gait: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Vestibular Stimulation Modulates Neural Correlates of Own-body Mental Imagery.
Different types of associative encoding evoke differential processing in both younger and older adults: Evidence from univariate and multivariate analyses.
Abnormal intrinsic functional activity in patients with cervical spondylotic myelopathy: a resting-state fMRI study
Low intensity white noise improves performance in auditory working memory task: An fMRI study
Williams syndrome hemideletion and LIMK1 variation both affect dorsal stream functional connectivity.
Volumetric Prefrontal Cortex Alterations in Patients With Alcohol Dependence and the Involvement of Self-Control
The relationship between grey matter volume and striatal dopamine function in psychosis: a multi-modal 18F-DOPA PET and voxel-based morphometry study
Age and hippocampal volume predict distinct parts of default mode network activity
SUITer: An Automated Method for Improving Segmentation of Infratentorial Structures at Ultra-High-Field MRI.
Altered brain morphology in boys with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder with and without comorbid conduct disorder/oppositional defiant disorder
Linking brain structure and activation in anterior insula cortex to explain the trait empathy for pain
Finger Tapping Task Activation vs. TMS Hotspot: Different Locations and Networks
Top‐down versus bottom‐up attention differentially modulate frontal–parietal connectivity
Meta-analysis of cortical thickness abnormalities in medication-free patients with major depressive disorder
A Neuroimaging Study of Personality Traits and Self-Reflection
From State-to-Trait Meditation: Reconfiguration of Central Executive and Default Mode Networks
Brain structural changes in cannabis dependence: association with MAGL
Intrinsic connectomes are a predictive biomarker of remission in major depressive disorder
Clustering the Brain With “CluB”: A New Toolbox for Quantitative Meta-Analysis of Neuroimaging Data
Alterations in Cortical Thickness in Young Male Patients With Childhood-Onset Adult Growth Hormone Deficiency: A Morphometric MRI Study
Functional and Pathological Correlates of Judgments of Learning in Cognitively Unimpaired Older Adults.
Differential contributions of the two human cerebral hemispheres to action timing
Hello, is that me you are looking for? A re-examination of the role of the DMN in social and self relevant aspects of off-task thought
The neurophysiological basis of compassion: An fMRI meta-analysis of compassion and its related neural processes.
Association of decrease in insula fMRI activation with changes in trait anxiety in patients with craniomandibular disorder (CMD).
Static and dynamic functional connectivity of the prefrontal cortex during resting-state predicts self-serving bias in depression.
Model-based assessment and neural correlates of spatial memory deficits in mild cognitive impairment.
Alterations in grey matter density and functional connectivity in trigeminal neuropathic pain and trigeminal neuralgia: A systematic review and meta-analysis
Functional connectivity underlying hedonic response to food in female adolescents with atypical AN: the role of somatosensory and salience networks
Neural correlates of theory of mind in typically-developing youth: Influence of sex, age and callous-unemotional traits
Functional neuroanatomy of interoceptive processing in children and adolescents: a pilot study
Static magnetic field stimulation of the supplementary motor area modulates resting-state activity and motor behavior
Temporal Characteristics of Priming of Attention Shifts Are Mirrored by BOLD Response Patterns in the Frontoparietal Attention Network
Cerebellar neural markers of susceptibility to social isolation and positive affective processing
How Does Motivation Modulate the Operation of the Mentalizing Network in Person Evaluation?
Age-related differences in the neural correlates of vivid remembering.
Enhanced left inferior frontal to left superior temporal effective connectivity for complex sentence comprehension: fMRI evidence from Chinese relative clause processing.
Simultaneous EEG and fMRI reveals stronger sensitivity to orthographic strings in the left occipito-temporal cortex of typical versus poor beginning readers
Neurophysiological evidence for rapid processing of verbal and gestural information in understanding communicative actions
Craving and Cue Reactivity in Nicotine-Dependent Tobacco Smokers Is Associated With Different Insula Networks.
Functional reorganization during the recovery of contralesional target selection deficits after prefrontal cortex lesions in macaque monkeys.
Negatively Linking Connector Networks in Cognitive Control of Affective Pictures
The Impact of the Geometric Correction Scheme on MEG Functional Topology at Rest
Computer-Based Cognitive Training Improves Brain Functional Connectivity in the Attentional Networks: A Study With Primary School-Aged Children
Stereoscopic Rendering via Goggles Elicits Higher Functional Connectivity During Virtual Reality Gaming
Common Neural System for Sentence and Picture Comprehension Across Languages: A Chinese–Japanese Bilingual Study
Neural Basis of Response Bias on the Stop Signal Task in Misophonia
The effect of chronic neuroglycopenia on resting state networks in GLUT1 syndrome across the lifespan
Brain activity mediators of PTSD symptom reduction during real-time fMRI amygdala neurofeedback emotional training
Brain iron content in systemic iron overload: A beta-thalassemia quantitative MRI study
Reduced resting-state brain functional network connectivity and poor regional homogeneity in patients with CADASIL
Altered functional connectivity of the red nucleus and substantia nigra in migraine without aura
The spontaneous activity and functional network of the occipital cortex is correlated with state anxiety in healthy adults.
Modulation of brain activation during executive functioning in autism with citalopram
Neural bases of self‐ and object‐motion in a naturalistic vision
Neural substrates underlying episodic future thinking: A voxel-based morphometry study.
Brain activation to cannabis- and alcohol-related words in alcohol use disorder.
Left-Hemispheric Asymmetry for Object-Based Attention: an ERP Study
Brain activation induced by different strengths of hand grasp: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Allelic variant in SLC6A3 rs393795 affects cerebral regional homogeneity and gait dysfunction in patients with Parkinson’s disease
Whole brain 7T‐fMRI during pelvic floor muscle contraction in male subjects
Aberrant structural covariance networks in youth at high familial risk for mood disorder
Dimensional anhedonia and the adolescent brain: reward and aversion anticipation, effort and consummation
Effects of long-term adolescent alcohol consumption on white matter integrity and their correlations with metabolic alterations.
Neuroticism modulates neural activities of posterior cingulate cortex and thalamus during psychosocial stress processing.
Whole-cortex mapping of common genetic influences on depression and a social deficits dimension
Emotional learning promotes perceptual predictions by remodeling stimulus representation in visual cortex
Cerebellar‐hippocampal processing in passive perception of visuospatial change: An ego‐ and allocentric axis?
Effects of motion related outliers in dynamic functional connectivity using the sliding window method.
ADHD desynchronizes brain activity during watching a distracted multi-talker conversation.
Coordination of multiple joints increases bilateral connectivity with ipsilateral sensorimotor cortices
Grey matter abnormalities are associated only with severe cognitive decline in early stages of Parkinson's disease.
Neural representations of phonology in temporal cortex scaffold longitudinal reading gains in 5- to 7-year-old children.
Neurofeedback and neuroplasticity of visual self-processing in depressed and healthy adolescents: A preliminary study.
Age effects on the neural processing of object-context associations in briefly flashed natural scenes.
Brain compensation during visuospatial working memory in premanifest Huntington's disease.
Implicit learning of symmetry of human movement and gray matter density: Evidence against pure domain general and pure domain specific theories of implicit learning.
Association of NPSR1 gene variation and neural activity in patients with panic disorder and agoraphobia and healthy controls
Resting state network plasticity related to picture naming in low-grade glioma patients before and after resection
Network Representations of Facial and Bodily Expressions: Evidence From Multivariate Connectivity Pattern Classification
Decoding Task-Related Functional Brain Imaging Data to Identify Developmental Disorders: The Case of Congenital Amusia
White Matter Language Pathways and Language Performance in Healthy Adults Across Ages
Challenge for Affective Brain-Computer Interfaces: Non-stationary Spatio-spectral EEG Oscillations of Emotional Responses
Neural and Behavioral Effects of an Adaptive Online Verbal Working Memory Training in Healthy Middle-Aged Adults
An fMRI Study of Response and Semantic Conflict in the Stroop Task
Alerting, Orienting, and Executive Control: The Effect of Bilingualism and Age on the Subcomponents of Attention
Abnormal distraction and load‐specific connectivity during working memory in cognitively normal Parkinson's disease
Oxytocin Reduces the Functional Connectivity Between Brain Regions Involved in Eating Behavior in Men with Overweight and Obesity.
Inhibition of food craving is a metabolically active process in the brain in obese men
The core episodic simulation network dissociates as a function of subjective experience and objective content.
The effects of age on reward magnitude processing in the monetary incentive delay task.
Effective connectivity modulations related to win and loss outcomes.
Neural correlates of reward-directed action and inhibition of action.
Action perception recruits the cerebellum and is impaired in patients with spinocerebellar ataxia
Dorsal‐movement and ventral‐form regions are functionally connected during visual‐speech recognition
Cerebral control of winking before and after learning: An event‐related fMRI study
Functional and Brain Activation Changes Following Specialized Upper-Limb Exercise in Parkinson’s Disease
Temporal Dynamics of Diffusion Metrics in Early Multiple Sclerosis and Clinically Isolated Syndrome: A 2-Year Follow-Up Tract-Based Spatial Statistics Study
Disruption of Regional Brain Activity and Functional Connectivity in Patients with Asymptomatic Vulnerable Carotid Plaque.
Combined effects of age and BMI are related to altered cortical thickness in adolescence and adulthood
Are there shared neural correlates between dyslexia and ADHD? A meta-analysis of voxel-based morphometry studies
Disrupted brain functional hub and causal connectivity in acute mild traumatic brain injury
Mapping the patterns of cortical thickness in single- and multiple-domain amnestic mild cognitive impairment patients: a pilot study
State attachment moderates the maternal-related neural responses to infant faces.
Cross-modal plasticity in adult single-sided deafness revealed by alpha band resting-state functional connectivity.
Aging-related differences in the cortical network subserving intelligible speech.
Improvising at rest: Differentiating jazz and classical music training with resting state functional connectivity.
White matter integrity differences associated with post-traumatic stress disorder are not normalized by concurrent marijuana use.
Stairways to the brain: Transcutaneous spinal direct current stimulation (tsDCS) modulates a cerebellar-cortical network enhancing verb recovery.
Always on my mind: Cross-brain associations of mental health symptoms during simultaneous parent-child scanning
Thermal Psychophysics and Associated Brain Activation Patterns Along a Continuum of Healthy Aging
Adaptive phonemic coding in the listening and speaking brain.
Pointing fingers at others: The neural correlates of actor-observer asymmetry in blame attribution.
Comparison of fMRI correlates of successful episodic memory encoding in temporal lobe epilepsy patients and healthy controls
Lasting effects of stress physiology on the brain: Cortisol reactivity during preschool predicts hippocampal functional connectivity at school age
The association between serotonin transporter availability and the neural correlates of fear bradycardia
Replicable brain signatures of emotional bias and memory based on diffusion kurtosis imaging of white matter tracts
Functional Connectivity between the Resting-State Olfactory Network and the Hippocampus in Alzheimer’s Disease
Neural Dynamics in the Processing of Personal Objects as an Index of the Brain Representation of the Self.
Cash, Card or Smartphone: The Neural Correlates of Payment Methods
Altered Cerebro-Cerebellar Limbic Network in AD Spectrum: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Functional brain alterations in auditory hallucination subtypes in individuals with auditory hallucinations without the diagnosis of specific neurological diseases and mental disorders at the current stage
The influence of the volumetric composition of the intracranial space on neural activity in healthy subjects: a resting-state functional magnetic resonance study.
Forgotten but not gone: FMRI evidence of implicit memory for negative stimuli 24 hours after the initial study episode.
Shared neural resources of rhythm and syntax: An ALE meta-analysis.
Human subsystems of medial temporal lobes extend locally to amygdala nuclei and globally to an allostatic-interoceptive system.
Mapping the anatomy of perceptual pseudoneglect. A multivariate approach.
Impaired social learning predicts reduced real-life motivation in individuals with depression: A computational fMRI study.
Abnormal default-mode network homogeneity and its correlations with neurocognitive deficits in drug-naive first-episode adolescent-onset schizophrenia.
Pain modulates neural responses to reward in the medial prefrontal cortex
Temporo-frontal activation during phonological processing predicts gains in arithmetic facts in young children
You do not have to act to be impulsive: Brain resting-state activity predicts performance and impulsivity on the Balloon Analogue Risk Task.
Identification of Cognitive Dysfunction in Patients with T2DM Using Whole Brain Functional Connectivity
Longitudinal Changes in Functional Connectivity of the Caudate Is Associated With Recovery From Bell’s Palsy
Entorhinal Cortex Atrophy in Early, Drug-naive Parkinson’s Disease with Mild Cognitive Impairment
Disruptions of frontoparietal control network and default mode network linking the metacognitive deficits with clinical symptoms in schizophrenia
Meningioma can lead to pre-operative cognitive alterations even if localized in sensorimotor areas: A multimodal MRI-neuropsychological study in a series of 46 patients.
The role of motor system in action-related language comprehension in L1 and L2: An fMRI study.
Can't get it off my brain: Meta-analysis of neuroimaging studies on perseverative cognition.
I know that I know nothing: Cortical thickness and functional connectivity underlying meta-ignorance ability in pre-schoolers
Distinguishing between Dementia with Lewy Bodies and Alzheimer's Disease Using Metabolic Patterns
Individual prediction of psychotherapy outcome in posttraumatic stress disorder using neuroimaging data
Reliability of a functional magnetic resonance imaging task of emotional conflict in healthy participants
The behavioral and neural basis of foreign language effect on risk-taking.
Posttraumatic Stress Disorder is associated with altered reward mechanisms during the anticipation and the outcome of monetary incentive cues
Negative affect amplifies the relation between appetitive-food-related neural responses and weight gain over three-year follow-up among adolescents
Blue light activates pulvinar nuclei in longstanding idiopathic photophobia: A case report.
Regional brain atrophy in gray and white matter is associated with cognitive impairment in Myotonic Dystrophy type 1.
Disrupted functional and structural connectivity within default mode network contribute to WMH-related cognitive impairment.
Deficits in executive function and suppression of default mode network in obesity
The influence of High Dose Spinal Cord Stimulation on the descending pain modulatory system in patients with failed back surgery syndrome
The interrelationship of body mass index with gray matter volume and resting-state functional connectivity of the hypothalamus
Individual face- and house-related eye movement patterns distinctively activate FFA and PPA
Analgesic Effects of Compression at Trigger Points Are Associated With Reduction of Frontal Polar Cortical Activity as Well as Functional Connectivity Between the Frontal Polar Area and Insula in Patients With Chronic Low Back Pain: A Randomized Trial
Children With Reading Difficulty Rely on Unimodal Neural Processing for Phonemic Awareness
Distinct Disruptive Patterns of Default Mode Subnetwork Connectivity Across the Spectrum of Preclinical Alzheimer’s Disease
An Individualized Approach to Neuroplasticity After Early Unilateral Brain Damage
Atrophy of Basal Forebrain Initiates with Tau Pathology in Individuals at Risk for Alzheimer's Disease.
Altered resting-state functional connectivity in young children at familial high risk for psychotic illness: A preliminary study.
Clarifying the neural substrates of threat and safety reversal learning in humans.
The neural and molecular basis of working memory function in psychosis: a multimodal PET-fMRI study
Effects of Expressive Writing on Neural Processing During Learning
Impaired Adaptive Motor Learning Is Correlated With Cerebellar Hemispheric Gray Matter Atrophy in Spinocerebellar Ataxia Patients: A Voxel-Based Morphometry Study
Resting-state functional connectivity alterations in periventricular nodular heterotopia related epilepsy
Cocaine-related alterations in fronto-parietal gray matter volume correlate with trait and behavioral impulsivity.
Plasticity in brain activity dynamics after task-shifting training in older adults.
Effects of stress on functional connectivity during problem solving.
Functional Connectivity between the Cerebellum and Somatosensory Areas Implements the Attenuation of Self-Generated Touch
Brain imaging of chill reactions to pleasant and unpleasant sounds.
Emotional Interference in Early Adolescence: Positive Reinforcement Modulates the Behavioral and Neural Effects of Negative Emotional Distracters.
Pain-Evoked Reorganization in Functional Brain Networks.
Multivariate Patterns of Posterior Cortical Activity Differentiate Forms of Emotional Distancing.
Neural Systems for Own-body Processing Align with Gender Identity Rather Than Birth-assigned Sex.
Sex-Based Differences in Cortical and Subcortical Development in 436 Individuals Aged 4-54 Years.
Disrupted parahippocampal and midbrain function underlie slower verbal learning in adolescent-onset regular cannabis use
Executive task-based brain function in children with type 1 diabetes: An observational study
Spatial attention enhances cortical tracking of quasi-rhythmic visual stimuli.
The effect of global signal regression on DCM estimates of noise and effective connectivity from resting state fMRI
The Equivalence between Virtual and Real Feared Stimuli in a Phobic Adult Sample: A Neuroimaging Study
Content-based Dissociation of Hippocampal Involvement in Prediction.
Rewards Enhance Proactive and Reactive Control in Adolescence and Adulthood
Higher Social Rejection Sensitivity in Opioid-Dependent Patients Is Related to Smaller Insula Gray Matter Volume: A Voxel-Based Morphometric Study
An fMRI study of inhibitory control and the effects of exposure to violence in Latin-American early adolescents: alterations in frontoparietal activation and performance
Soothing the emotional brain: modulation of neural activity to personal emotional stimulation by social touch
Functional laterality of the anterior and posterior occipitotemporal cortex is affected by language experience and processing strategy, respectively.
Disentangling brain functional network remodeling in corticobasal syndrome – A multimodal MRI study
Intersubject Synchronization of Late Adolescent Brain Responses to Violent Movies: A Virtue-Ethics Approach
Stuttering Severity Modulates Effects of Non-invasive Brain Stimulation in Adults Who Stutter
Aging Changes Effective Connectivity of Motor Networks During Motor Execution and Motor Imagery
Altered Intra- and Inter-regional Functional Connectivity of the Anterior Cingulate Gyrus in Patients With Tremor-Dominant Parkinson’s Disease Complicated With Sleep Disorder
Mental rotation of sequentially presented 3D figures: sex and sex hormones related differences in behavioural and ERP measures
Weaker Inter-hemispheric and Local Functional Connectivity of the Somatomotor Cortex During a Motor Skill Acquisition Is Associated With Better Learning
Delta-9-tetrahydrocannabinol reduces the performance in sensory delayed discrimination tasks. A pharmacological-fMRI study in healthy volunteers
The impact of familial risk and early life adversity on emotion and reward processing networks in youth at-risk for bipolar disorder
Amnestic mild cognitive impairment in Parkinson’s disease: White matter structural changes and mechanisms
The Stroop effect: An activation likelihood estimation meta-analysis in healthy young adults.
Influence of Motor Deficiency and Spatial Neglect on the Contralesional Posterior Parietal Cortex Functional and Structural Connectivity in Stroke Patients.
Resting-state causal connectivity of the bed nucleus of the stria terminalis in panic disorder.
Systematic review and meta-analyses of neural structural and functional differences in generalized anxiety disorder and healthy controls using magnetic resonance imaging
Severe asymptomatic carotid stenosis is associated with robust reductions in homotopic functional connectivity
Interactions between sleep disturbances and Alzheimer’s disease on brain function: a preliminary study combining the static and dynamic functional MRI
A multi-model deep convolutional neural network for automatic hippocampus segmentation and classification in Alzheimer's disease.
Sensitivity to sweetness correlates to elevated reward brain responses to sweet and high-fat food odors in young healthy volunteers.
Different Patterns of Functional Connectivity Alterations Within the Default-Mode Network and Sensorimotor Network in Basal Ganglia and Pontine Stroke
Subjective Uncontrollability over Aversive Events Reduces Working Memory Performance and Related Large-Scale Network Interactions.
Differences in attentional control and white matter microstructure in adolescents with attentional, affective, and behavioral disorders.
A diffusion-weighted imaging tract-based spatial statistics study of autism spectrum disorder in preschool-aged children
Altered neural correlates of episodic memory in adolescents with severe obesity
Study on neuropathological mechanisms of primary monosymptomatic nocturnal enuresis in children using cerebral resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging
EEG cross-frequency correlations as a marker of predisposition to affective disorders
Brain Morphological Dynamics of Procrastination: The Crucial Role of the Self-Control, Emotional, and Episodic Prospection Network.
Cortical Thickness Links Impulsive Personality Traits and Risky Behavior
Motor and Limbic System Contribution to Emotional Laughter across the Lifespan.
Neural Representation of Parental Monitoring and Links to Adolescent Risk Taking
Children With Dyslexia and Familial Risk for Dyslexia Present Atypical Development of the Neuronal Phonological Network
Implementation of a New Food Picture Database in the Context of fMRI and Visual Cognitive Food-Choice Task in Healthy Volunteers
Merge-Generability as the Key Concept of Human Language: Evidence From Neuroscience
Outcome contingency selectively affects the neural coding of outcomes but not of tasks
A comes before B, like 1 comes before 2. Is the parietal cortex sensitive to ordinal relationships in both numbers and letters? An fMRI‐adaptation study
Impaired intrinsic functional connectivity between the thalamus and visual cortex in migraine without aura
Altered connectivity of the visual word form area in the low-vision population: A resting-state fMRI study.
Brain networks underlying aesthetic appreciation as modulated by interaction of the spectral and temporal organisations of music
Neuroanatomical abnormalities in first-episode psychosis across independent samples: a multi-centre mega-analysis
Belief in the miracles of Lourdes: A voxel‐based morphometry study
Autism in Fragile X Syndrome; A Functional MRI Study of Facial Emotion-Processing
Influence of Alternate Hot and Cold Thermal Stimulation in Cortical Excitability in Healthy Adults: An fMRI Study
Neural correlates of tactile simultaneity judgement: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Corticostriatal functional connectivity of bothersome tinnitus in single-sided deafness
Pay attention to the basal ganglia: a volumetric study in early dementia with Lewy bodies
Fronto-parietal engagement in response inhibition is inversely scaled with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder symptom severity
Selective peak inference: Unbiased estimation of raw and standardized effect size at local maxima.
Chronic Tinnitus Exhibits Bidirectional Functional Dysconnectivity in Frontostriatal Circuit
Performance and Material-Dependent Holistic Representation of Unconscious Thought: A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Altered Directed Functional Connectivity of the Hippocampus in Mild Cognitive Impairment and Alzheimer’s Disease: A Resting-State fMRI Study
The BDNF Val66Met Polymorphism Has No Effect on Encoding-Related Hippocampal Response But Influences Recall in Remitted Patients With Bipolar Disorder
Neural Efficiency and Acquired Motor Skills: An fMRI Study of Expert Athletes
Beyond the Epileptic Focus: Functional Epileptic Networks in Focal Epilepsy.
A neurocognitive model of perceptual decision‐making on emotional signals
Second language learning induces grey matter volume increase in people with multiple sclerosis
Altered frontal white matter microstructure is associated with working memory impairments in adolescents with congenital heart disease: A diffusion tensor imaging study
Differential responses to infant faces in relation to maternal substance use: An exploratory study.
Habitual physical activity mediates the acute exercise-induced modulation of anxiety-related amygdala functional connectivity
Amisulpride and l‐DOPA modulate subcortical brain nuclei connectivity in resting‐state pharmacologic magnetic resonance imaging
Effects of Acute Aerobic Exercise on Response Inhibition in Adult Patients with ADHD
The neurocognitive gains of diagnostic reasoning training using simulated interactive veterinary cases
Mesolimbic dopamine D2 receptors and neural representations of subjective value
Restructuring of contralateral gray matter volume associated with cognition in patients with unilateral temporal lobe glioma before and after surgery
Relationship between resting-state theta phase-gamma amplitude coupling and neurocognitive functioning in patients with first-episode psychosis.
Electroconvulsive therapy modulates grey matter increase in a hub of an affect processing network.
Takotsubo syndrome: How the broken heart deals with negative emotions
Altered Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuations in Inactive Patients with Nonneuropsychiatric Systemic Lupus Erythematosus
The Cerebellum Posterior Lobe Associates with the Exophthalmos of Primary Hyperthyroidism: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Default network contributions to episodic and semantic processing during divergent creative thinking: A representational similarity analysis.
Test-retest reliability of brain responses to risk-taking during the balloon analogue risk task.
Altered functional connectivity of the nucleus accumbens subdivisions in amphetamine-type stimulant abusers: a resting-state fMRI study
Biological motion perception in autism spectrum disorder: a meta-analysis
Treatment of auditory verbal hallucinations with atypical antipsychotics in healthy individuals: an artificially controlled post-treatment report
Functional neural changes and altered cortical–subcortical connectivity associated with recovery from Internet gaming disorder
Spiritual experiences are related to engagement of a ventral frontotemporal functional brain network: Implications for prevention and treatment of behavioral and substance addictions
Altered functional connectivity density in the brains of hemodialysis end-stage renal disease patients: An in vivo resting-state functional MRI study
Task-related functional magnetic resonance imaging activations in patients with acute and subacute mild traumatic brain injury: A coordinate-based meta-analysis.
Acute alcohol intake alters resting state functional connectivity of nucleus accumbens with pain-related corticolimbic structures.
Regulation of Craving and Negative Emotion in Alcohol Use Disorder.
Sex-specific effects of cigarette smoking on caudate and amygdala volume and resting-state functional connectivity.
Brainstem atrophy in the early stage of Alzheimer's disease: a voxel-based morphometry study.
Structural brain correlates of irritability and aggression in early manifest Huntington's disease.
What you say versus how you say it: Comparing sentence comprehension and emotional prosody processing using fMRI.
Altered functional connectivity of the thalamus in tinnitus patients is correlated with symptom alleviation after sound therapy.
Frequency-specific alternations in the moment-to-moment BOLD signals variability in schizophrenia.
Dynamic intersubject neural synchronization reflects affective responses to sad music.
Deep brain stimulation in the caudal zona incerta modulates the sensorimotor cerebello-cerebral circuit in essential tremor.
Cognitive Control Network Homogeneity and Executive Functions in Late-Life Depression.
Cortical collateralization induced by language and arithmetic in non-right-handers.
Differences in Functional Connectivity Networks Related to the Midbrain Dopaminergic System-Related Area in Various Psychiatric Disorders.
Duration of Untreated Psychosis Correlates With Brain Connectivity and Morphology in Medication-Naïve Patients With First-Episode Psychosis.
Age at onset reveals different functional connectivity abnormalities in prodromal Alzheimer's disease.
Abnormal topological organization in systemic lupus erythematosus: a resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging analysis.
Co-localized impaired regional cerebrovascular reactivity in chronic concussion is associated with BOLD activation differences during a working memory task.
Neural network connectivity in ADHD children: an independent component and functional connectivity analysis of resting state fMRI data.
Human body odor increases familiarity for faces during encoding‐retrieval task
Anterior cingulate cortex differently modulates frontoparietal functional connectivity between resting‐state and working memory tasks
Functional interactions in patients with hemianopia: A graph theory-based connectivity study of resting fMRI signal
Bariatric Surgery and Brain Health—A Longitudinal Observational Study Investigating the Effect of Surgery on Cognitive Function and Gray Matter Volume
Red for “Stop”: “Traffic-Light” Nutrition Labels Decrease Unhealthy Food Choices by Increasing Activity and Connectivity in the Frontal Lobe
Association between insomnia and cognitive performance, gray matter volume, and white matter microstructure in cognitively unimpaired adults
Changes in gray matter volume and functional connectivity in dementia with Lewy bodies compared to Alzheimer’s disease and normal aging: implications for fluctuations
Early childhood deprivation is associated with alterations in adult brain structure despite subsequent environmental enrichment
Multimodal assessment of white matter microstructure in antipsychotic-naïve schizophrenia patients and confounding effects of recreational drug use.
Daily-life affective instability in emotional distress disorders is associated with function and structure of posterior parietal cortex.
Structural abnormality in schizophrenia versus bipolar disorder: A whole brain cortical thickness, surface area, volume and gyrification analyses
Examining the neural and cognitive processes that underlie reading through naming speed tasks.
Morphological Neuroimaging Biomarkers for Tinnitus: Evidence Obtained by Applying Machine Learning
High-Frequency Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation Could Improve Impaired Working Memory Induced by Sleep Deprivation
The buildup of an urge in obsessive–compulsive disorder: Behavioral and neuroimaging correlates
The neural basis of nonword repetition in children with developmental speech or language disorder: An fMRI study.
Brain structural correlates of depressive symptoms in Parkinson's disease patients at different disease stage.
Estimating age-related changes in in vivo cerebral magnetic resonance angiography using convolutional neural network.
Parametric Representation of Tactile Numerosity in Working Memory
Mapping migraine to a common brain network.
Why Do Most Restrained Eaters Fail in Losing Weight?: Evidence from an fMRI Study
ACOEC-FD: Ant Colony Optimization for Learning Brain Effective Connectivity Networks From Functional MRI and Diffusion Tensor Imaging
Abnormal Spontaneous Neural Activity of the Central Auditory System Changes the Functional Connectivity in the Tinnitus Brain: A Resting-State Functional MRI Study
Genetic Taster Status as a Mediator of Neural Activity and Swallowing Mechanics in Healthy Adults
Depression Affects Intrinsic Brain Activity in Patients With Mild Cognitive Impairment
Altered Topological Organization in the Sensorimotor Network After Application of Different Frequency rTMS
Similar Expectation Effects for Immediate and Delayed Stimulus Repetitions
A Case Series Clinical Trial of a Novel Approach Using Augmented Reality That Inspires Self-body Cognition in Patients With Stroke: Effects on Motor Function and Resting-State Brain Functional Connectivity
A Role for the Action Observation Network in Apraxia After Stroke
Identification of Visual Attentional Regions of the Temporoparietal Junction in Individual Subjects using a Vivid, Novel Oddball Paradigm
Music Improvisation Is Characterized by Increase EEG Spectral Power in Prefrontal and Perceptual Motor Cortical Sources and Can be Reliably Classified From Non-improvisatory Performance
Striatal Functional Connectivity Alterations After Two-Week Antidepressant Treatment Associated to Enduring Clinical Improvement in Major Depressive Disorder
Association Between Hippocampus, Thalamus, and Caudate in Mild Cognitive Impairment APOEε4 Carriers: A Structural Covariance MRI Study
How aging affects the premotor control of lower limb movements in simulated gait
Changes in resting‐state functional connectivity in nonacute sciatica with acupuncture modulation: A preliminary study
Catchment-scale export of antibiotic resistance genes and bacteria from an agricultural watershed in central Iowa
Revealing the differences of the representations of sounds from different directions in the human brain using functional connectivity.
Age-related differences in brain activation during working memory updating: An fMRI study.
Following Forrest Gump: Smooth pursuit related brain activation during free movie viewing.
Structural and functional alterations in the brain gray matter among first-degree relatives of schizophrenia patients: A multimodal meta-analysis of fMRI and VBM studies.
The impact of focused attention on subsequent emotional recollection: A functional MRI investigation.
Frequent minty chewing gum use is associated with increased trigeminal sensitivity: An fMRI study.
Abnormal dynamic functional network connectivity of the mirror neuron system network and the mentalizing network in patients with adolescent-onset, first-episode, drug-naïve schizophrenia.
A preliminary study of resting brain metabolism in treatment-resistant depression before and after treatment with olanzapine-fluoxetine combination
The influence of homeostatic mechanisms on neural regulation of food craving in anorexia nervosa
Neural Control of Emotional Actions in Response to Affective Vocalizations.
Altered Brain Structure and Functional Connectivity Associated with Pubertal Hormones in Girls with Precocious Puberty
Object parsing in the left lateral occipitotemporal cortex: Whole shape, part shape, and graspability.
Alterations of grey matter volumes and network-level functions in patients with stable chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Neighborhood poverty predicts altered neural and behavioral response inhibition.
Therapeutic mechanisms of psilocybin: Changes in amygdala and prefrontal functional connectivity during emotional processing after psilocybin for treatment-resistant depression.
Microstructural changes in the brain in elderly patients with irritable bowel syndrome
A Cortical Substrate for Square-Wave Jerks in Progressive Supranuclear Palsy
Hierarchical Action Encoding Within the Human Brain.
Reductions in perceived stress following Transcendental Meditation practice are associated with increased brain regional connectivity at rest.
Sleep/Wake Regularity Associated with Default Mode Network Structure among Healthy Adolescents and Young Adults
The neural interface between negative emotion regulation and motivation for change in cocaine dependent individuals under treatment.
Spatial Network Connectivity and Spatial Reasoning Ability in Children with Nonverbal Learning Disability
Better brain connectivity is associated with higher total fat mass and lower visceral adipose tissue in military pilots
Structural brain changes in young males addicted to video-gaming.
Effects of risperidone monotherapy on the default-mode network in antipsychotic-naïve first-episode schizophrenia: Posteromedial cortex heterogeneity and relationship with the symptom improvements.
Aberrant inter-hemispheric coordination characterizes the progression of minimal hepatic encephalopathy in patients with HBV-related cirrhosis
Abnormal degree centrality in delayed encephalopathy after carbon monoxide poisoning: a resting-state fMRI study
Altered functional connectivity of the thalamus induced by modified electroconvulsive therapy for schizophrenia.
Neural correlates of intonation and lexical tone in tonal and non‐tonal language speakers
Right inferior frontal gyrus: An integrative hub in tonal bilinguals
Mapping psycholinguistic features to the neuropsychological and lesion profiles in aphasia.
Interactions between human orbitofrontal cortex and hippocampus support model-based inference
Associations between Brain Structural Damage and Core Muscle Loss in Patients with Parkinson’s Disease
An fMRI Study on Self-Perception of Patients after Aesthetic Implant-Prosthetic Rehabilitation
Anterior insula activity and the effect of agency on the Stimulus-Preceding Negativity.
Neural effects of acute stress on appetite: A magnetoencephalography study
Identifying and characterizing projections from the subthalamic nucleus to the cerebellum in humans.
Structural and Functional Abnormities of Amygdala and Prefrontal Cortex in Major Depressive Disorder With Suicide Attempts
Modulation of Distinct Intrinsic Resting State Brain Networks by Acute Exercise Bouts of Differing Intensity
Higher Cardiorespiratory Fitness is Associated with Reduced Functional Brain Connectivity During Performance of the Stroop Task
Striatal iron content is linked to reduced fronto-striatal brain function under working memory load.
Correlation between regional brain volume and olfactory function in very mild amnestic patients.
Cognitive Brain Signatures of Youth With Early Onset and Relatives With Schizophrenia: Evidence From fMRI Meta-analyses.
Disentangling the molecular mechanisms of multiple sclerosis: The contribution of twin studies.
Resting-state effective connectivity in the motive circuit of methamphetamine users: A case controlled fMRI study.
Convergent creative thinking performance is associated with white matter structures: Evidence from a large sample study.
An fMRI study of English and Spanish word reading in bilingual adults.
Patterns of olfactory functional networks in Parkinson's disease dementia and Alzheimer's dementia.
Group membership dictates the neural correlates of social optimism biases
Absence of default mode downregulation in response to a mild psychological stressor marks stress-vulnerability across diverse psychiatric disorders
Differential effects of hunger on cerebral blood flow in healthy adolescents.
Social perception drives eye-movement related brain activity: Evidence from pro- and anti-saccades to faces.
Functional connectivity of specific brain networks related to social and communication dysfunction in adolescents with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder.
Let it be: mindful acceptance down-regulates pain and negative emotion
Patterns of intrinsic brain activity in essential tremor with resting tremor and tremor-dominant Parkinson's disease.
Altered Default Mode Network Dynamics in Civil Aviation Pilots
Whole-Brain Functional Networks for Phonological and Orthographic Processing in Chinese Good and Poor Readers
Childhood Maltreatment Experience Influences Neural Response to Psychosocial Stress in Adults: An fMRI Study
Physiological, behavioral and subjective sadness reactivity in frontotemporal dementia subtypes
Neural activity in human ventromedial prefrontal cortex reflecting the intention to save reward
Behavioral and neural evidence for an evaluative bias against other people’s mundane interracial encounters
Brain networks mediating the influence of background music on selective attention
In vivo anatomical mapping of human locus coeruleus functional connectivity at 3 T MRI
Hippocampal vascular reserve associated with cognitive performance and hippocampal volume
Reproducibility of amygdala activation in facial emotion processing at 7T.
Abnormal brain activity in adolescents with Internet addiction who attempt suicide: an assessment using functional magnetic resonance imaging
Neural Correlates of Vestibular Processing During a Spaceflight Analog With Elevated Carbon Dioxide (CO2): A Pilot Study
Women at Greater Sexual Risk for STIs/HIV Have a Lower Mesolimbic and Affective Bias Response to Sexual Stimuli
Effects of Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation Paired With Cognitive Training on Functional Connectivity of the Working Memory Network in Older Adults
Reduced Global-Brain Functional Connectivity and Its Relationship With Symptomatic Severity in Cervical Dystonia
Mechanical property alterations across the cerebral cortex due to Alzheimer’s disease
Ambivert degree identifies crucial brain functional hubs and improves detection of Alzheimer’s Disease and Autism Spectrum Disorder
Functional Connectivity of the Striatum as a Neural Correlate of Symptom Severity in Patient with Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder
A comparison study of metabolic profiles, immunity, and brain gray matter volumes between patients with bipolar disorder and depressive disorder
Elements of creative thought: Investigating the cognitive and neural correlates of association and bi-association processes.
Detailed characteristics of acute encephalopathy with biphasic seizures and late reduced diffusion: 18-year data of a single-center consecutive cohort.
Brain activation during non-habitual speech production: Revisiting the effects of simulated disfluencies in fluent speakers
The importance of the fibre tracts connecting the planum temporale in absolute pitch possessors.
Modality-specific overlaps in brain structure and function in obsessive-compulsive disorder: Multimodal meta-analysis of case-control MRI studies.
Physical exercise rectifies CUMS-induced aberrant regional homogeneity in mice accompanied by the adjustment of skeletal muscle PGC-1a/IDO1 signals and hippocampal function.
Behavioral and neural correlates of memory suppression in subthreshold depression.
Increased global cognition correlates with increased thalamo-temporal connectivity in response to targeted cognitive training for recent onset schizophrenia.
Cognitive Modeling Informs Interpretation of Go/No-Go Task-Related Neural Activations and Their Links to Externalizing Psychopathology.
Alterations in the Brain Structure and Functional Connectivity in Aquaporin-4 Antibody-Positive Neuromyelitis Optica Spectrum Disorder
Differential tDCS and tACS Effects on Working Memory-Related Neural Activity and Resting-State Connectivity
Short-Term Classification Learning Promotes Rapid Global Improvements of Information Processing in Human Brain Functional Connectome
Distinct Spontaneous Brain Activity Patterns in Different Biologically-Defined Alzheimer’s Disease Cognitive Stage: A Preliminary Study
A Pilot Study Examining Neural Response to Pain in Adolescents With and Without Chronic Pain
Measuring Cognitive Flexibility with the Flexible Item Selection Task: From fMRI Adaptation to Individual Connectome Mapping.
Reducing Amygdala Activity and Phobic Fear through Cognitive Top-Down Regulation.
Neural Mechanisms of Strategic Adaptation in Attentional Flexibility.
The anterior hippocampus is associated with spatial memory encoding.
Does the superior fronto-occipital fascicle exist in the human brain? Fiber dissection and brain functional mapping in 90 patients with gliomas
Connectomic Underpinnings of Working Memory Deficits in Schizophrenia: Evidence From a replication fMRI study.
Neural substrates of mnemonic discrimination: A whole‐brain fMRI investigation
Temporolimbic cortical volume is associated with semantic odor memory performance in aging.
Abnormal Baseline Brain Activity in Neuromyelitis Optica Patients Without Brain Lesion Detected by Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging
Implicit processing of emotional words by children with Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder: An fMRI investigation
A dynamic body-selective area localizer for use in fMRI
Stimulus arousal drives amygdalar responses to emotional expressions across sensory modalities
Large‐scale dynamic causal modeling of major depressive disorder based on resting‐state functional magnetic resonance imaging
Resting-state Functional Connectivity of the Right Temporoparietal Junction Relates to Belief Updating and Reorienting during Spatial Attention.
Junior-Real Time neuropsychological testing (j-RTNT) for a young patient undergoing awake craniotomy.
Differences in brain surface area and cortical volume between suicide attempters and non-attempters with major depressive disorder.
Hippocampal subregions and networks linked with antidepressant response to electroconvulsive therapy
Common and specific dimensions of internalizing disorders are characterized by unique patterns of brain activity on a task of emotional cognitive control.
Preliminary Report on the Effects of a Low Dose of LSD on Resting-State Amygdala Functional Connectivity.
Brain activity associated with the rubber foot illusion.
Resting-state functional connectivity of the anterior cingulate cortex in young adults depressed patients with and without suicidal behavior.
Decoding dynamic affective responses to naturalistic videos with shared neural patterns.
Cerebral functional activity and connectivity changes in anti-N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor encephalitis: A resting-state fMRI study.
Clinical Utility of Preoperative Bilingual Language fMRI Mapping in Patients with Brain Tumors.
Sex Effect on Presurgical Language Mapping in Patients With a Brain Tumor
Brain Gray Matter Volume Associations With Abnormal Gait Imagery in Patients With Mild Cognitive Impairment: Results of a Cross-Sectional Study
Decreased Task-Related HRV Is Associated With Inhibitory Dysfunction Through Functional Inter-Region Connectivity of PFC in Major Depressive Disorder
Neural Processing and Production of Gesture in Children and Adolescents With Autism Spectrum Disorder
Left Amygdala Regulates the Cerebral Reading Network During Fast Emotion Word Processing
Functional Characterization of Atrophy Patterns Related to Cognitive Impairment
The Development of a Practical Artificial Intelligence Tool for Diagnosing and Evaluating Autism Spectrum Disorder: Multicenter Study
Brain and behavioral alterations in subjects with social anxiety dominated by empathic embarrassment
Emotions and brain function are altered up to one month after a single high dose of psilocybin
Neural Dedifferentiation across the Lifespan in the Motor and Somatosensory Systems.
Selective extinction through cognitive evaluation: Linking emotion regulation and extinction.
Abnormal functional connectivity of habenula in untreated patients with first-episode major depressive disorder.
Alterations in Amygdala Connectivity in Internet Addiction Disorder
Effects of an In-home Multicomponent Exergame Training on Physical Functions, Cognition, and Brain Volume of Older Adults: A Randomized Controlled Trial
Opposing Changes in the Functional Architecture of Large-Scale Networks in Bipolar Mania and Depression.
Single subject and group whole-brain fMRI mapping of male genital sensation at 7 Tesla
Brain Differences Associated with Self-Injurious Thoughts and Behaviors: A Meta-Analysis of Neuroimaging Studies
Identification of patients with and without minimal hepatic encephalopathy based on gray matter volumetry using a support vector machine learning algorithm
Emotion-body connection dispositions modify the insulae-midcingulate effective connectivity during anger processing
Altered neural processing of negative stimuli in people with internet gaming disorder: fMRI evidence from the comparison with recreational game users.
Subthreshold depression may exist on a spectrum with major depressive disorder: Evidence from gray matter volume and morphological brain network.
Abnormal functional connectivity density in patients with major depressive disorder with comorbid insomnia.
White matter microstructural alterations in posttraumatic stress disorder: An ROI and whole-brain based meta-analysis.
Network degeneration in Parkinson's disease: multimodal imaging of nigro-striato-cortical dysfunction.
Brain network interactions in transgender individuals with gender incongruence.
A naturalistic viewing paradigm using 360° panoramic video clips and real-time field-of-view changes with eye-gaze tracking.
One bad apple spoils the whole bushel: The neural basis of outlier processing.
Prefrontal engagement during sequential manual actions in children at early adolescence compared with adults.
Mind-wandering in Parkinson's disease hallucinations reflects primary visual and default network coupling.
Alcohol expectancies mediate the association between the neural response to emotional words and alcohol consumption.
Sensory Processing Patterns and Fusiform Activity During Face Processing in Autism Spectrum Disorder
Positive intergroup contact modulates fusiform gyrus activity to black and white faces
Neuroanatomical substrates accounting for the effect of present hedonistic time perspective on risk preference: the mediating role of right posterior parietal cortex.
Metaphorical language processing and amygdala activation in L1 and L2.
Enhanced positive functional connectivity strength in left-sided chronic subcortical stroke.
The functional relevance of dorsal motor systems for processing tool nouns- evidence from patients with focal lesions.
Understanding the neural basis of episodic amnesia in logopenic progressive aphasia: A multimodal neuroimaging study.
Examining the functional activity of different obsessive–compulsive symptom dimensions in Tourette syndrome
Voxel-based analysis of gray matter relaxation rates shows different correlation patterns for cognitive impairment and physical disability in relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis
Investigating Gray and White Matter Structural Substrates of Sex Differences in the Narrative Abilities of Healthy Adults
Convergence of distinct functional networks supporting naming and semantic recognition in the left inferior frontal gyrus
Altered lateral geniculate nucleus functional connectivity in migraine without aura: a resting-state functional MRI study
ADHD and ASD: distinct brain patterns of inhibition-related activation?
Social structure learning in human anterior insula
Dynamics of language reorganization after left temporo-parietal and frontal stroke.
Altered Dynamic Neural Activity in the Default Mode Network in Lung Cancer Patients After Chemotherapy
Effects of semantic categorization strategy training on episodic memory in children and adolescents
Context matters: Novel metaphors in supportive and non-supportive contexts.
Physical activity, aerobic fitness, and brain white matter: Their role for executive functions in adolescence
Neurocognitive Underpinnings of Aggressive Predation in Economic Contests.
Influence of Mild White Matter Lesions on Voxel-based Morphometry
Oxytocin attenuates neural response to emotional faces in social drinkers: an fMRI study
Randomized Multiresolution Scanning in Focal and Fast E/MEG Sensing of Brain Activity with a Variable Depth
Social anxiety and age are associated with neural response to social evaluation during adolescence☆
Conflicting group memberships modulate neural activation in an emotional production-perception network.
Common and distinct brain activity associated with risky and ambiguous decision-making.
The Organization of the Human Corpus Callosum Estimated by Intrinsic Functional Connectivity with White-Matter Functional Networks.
Cerebellar dentate nucleus functional connectivity with cerebral cortex in Alzheimer's disease and memory: a seed-based approach.
A comparison of fMRI and behavioral models for predicting inter-temporal choices.
Multivoxel codes for representing and integrating acoustic features in human cortex
Resting State Functional Connectivity of the Thalamus in North Korean Refugees with and without Posttraumatic Stress Disorder
Effect of Expectation on Pain Processing: A Psychophysics and Functional MRI Analysis
Altered Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuations and Functional Connectivity in Excessive Daytime Sleepiness in Parkinson Disease
Brainstem Correlates of a Cold Pressor Test Measured by Ultra-High Field fMRI
Differential Regional Brain Spontaneous Activity in Subgroups of Mild Cognitive Impairment
The Decline in Intrinsic Connectivity Between the Salience Network and Locus Coeruleus in Older Adults: Implications for Distractibility
Functional Connectivity of the Anterior and Posterior Hippocampus: Differential Effects of Glucose in Younger and Older Adults
Abnormal Voxel-Wise Degree Centrality in Patients With Late-Life Depression: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Changed Resting-State Brain Signal in Parkinson's Patients With Mild Depression
A Generalizable Multivariate Brain Pattern for Interpersonal Guilt.
Identifying and removing widespread signal deflections from fMRI data: Rethinking the global signal regression problem.
Neural responses in the pain matrix when observing pain of others are unaffected by testosterone administration in women
Reading music and words: The anatomical connectivity of musicians' visual cortex.
Social brain activation during mentalizing in a large autism cohort: the Longitudinal European Autism Project
Neural circuits of idiopathic Normal Pressure Hydrocephalus: A perspective review of brain connectivity and symptoms meta-analysis.
Metabolic stroke or stroke-like lesion: Peculiarities of a phenomenon.
Developmental alterations of the numerical processing networks in the brain.
Decision making under uncertainty in a quasi realistic binary decision task - An fMRI study.
Alcohol use in young adults associated with cortical gyrification.
It is more than Interference: Examining the neurohemodynamic correlates of the flanker task with functional near-infrared spectroscopy.
Brain responses to human‐voice processing predict child development and intelligence
Seeing your own or someone else's hand moving in accordance with your action: The neural interaction of agency and hand identity
Earliest amyloid and tau deposition modulate the influence of limbic networks during closed-loop hippocampal downregulation
Neural correlates of social influence on risk perception during development
Psychological and neural responses to architectural interiors.
Greater functional connectivity within the cingulo-opercular and ventral attention networks is related to better fluent reading: A resting-state functional connectivity study
Random Forest Classification of Alcohol Use Disorder Using fMRI Functional Connectivity, Neuropsychological Functioning, and Impulsivity Measures
Brain structure and symptom dimensions in borderline personality disorder
The effect of distress on the balance between goal-directed and habit networks in obsessive-compulsive disorder
Frequency‐specific changes in the default mode network in patients with cingulate gyrus epilepsy
Neural representations of transitive relations predict current and future math calculation skills in children.
Individual intelligence and brain neural correlates associated with outcome expectancies for risk behaviors in adults.
Impaired context-sensitive adjustment of behaviour in Parkinson's disease patients tested on and off medication: An fMRI study.
Altered intra- and inter-network functional connectivity in patients with persistent postural-perceptual dizziness
Assessing the Role of Cannabis Use on Cortical Surface Structure in Adolescents and Young Adults: Exploring Gender and Aerobic Fitness as Potential Moderators
Author Correction: Neural representations of Groups and Stereotypes using fMRI repetition suppression
Effects of galvanic vestibular stimulation on resting state brain activity in patients with bilateral vestibulopathy
From baby brain to mommy brain: Widespread gray matter gain after giving birth.
A Lifespan fMRI Study of Neurodevelopment Associated with Reading Chinese
Functional connectivity of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex contributes to different components of executive functions.
Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation Over the Prefrontal Cortex in Depression Modulates Cortical Excitability in Emotion Regulation Regions as Measured by Concurrent Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging: An Exploratory Study.
Parietal memory network and default mode network in first‐episode drug‐naïve schizophrenia: Associations with auditory hallucination
The role of the ventral intraparietal area (VIP/pVIP) in the perception of object-motion and self-motion.
Cognitive control regions are recruited in bilinguals' silent reading of mixed-language paragraphs.
Evidence for wakefulness-related changes to extracellular space in human brain white matter from diffusion-weighted MRI.
Neural mechanisms of perceptive and affective processing of body stimuli in anorexia nervosa - are there developmental effects?
Alterations in functional connectivity are associated with white matter lesions and information processing efficiency in multiple sclerosis.
Functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) item analysis of empathy and theory of mind
Fiber Connectivity Density in Cerebral Small-Vessel Disease Patients With Mild Cognitive Impairment and Cerebral Small-Vessel Disease Patients With Normal Cognition
Predicting Empathy From Resting State Brain Connectivity: A Multivariate Approach
Placebo Effect on Modulating Empathic Pain: Reduced Activation in Posterior Insula
Altered Functional Connectivity in the Motor and Prefrontal Cortex for Children With Down's Syndrome: An fNIRS Study
TEAMwork: Testing Emotional Attunement and Mutuality During Parent-Adolescent fMRI
Cerebellum, Basal Ganglia, and Cortex Mediate Performance of an Aerial Pursuit Task
Multimodal Recognition of Emotions in Music and Facial Expressions
The Similarity Between Chinese Five-Pattern and Eysenck’s Personality Traits: Evidence From Theory and Resting-State fMRI
Comparison of Gray Matter Atrophy in Behavioral Variant Frontal Temporal Dementia and Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis: A Coordinate-Based Meta-Analysis
Abnormal Functional and Structural Connectivity of Amygdala-Prefrontal Circuit in First-Episode Adolescent Depression: A Combined fMRI and DTI Study
The Neural Mechanisms of Associative Memory Revisited: fMRI Evidence from Implicit Contingency Learning
Striatum-Mediated Deficits in Stimulus-Response Learning and Decision-Making in OCD
Enhanced Attentional Network by Short-Term Intensive Meditation
Abnormal Anatomical Rich-Club Organization and Structural–Functional Coupling in Mild Cognitive Impairment and Alzheimer's Disease
Altered Gray Matter Volume in Patients With Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus
Bagging improves reproducibility of functional parcellation of the human brain.
Take my breath away: Neural activation at breath-hold differentiates individuals with panic disorder from healthy controls.
Increased Resting State Triple Network Functional Connectivity in Undergraduate Problematic Cannabis Users: A Preliminary EEG Coherence Study
Random Forest Classification of Alcohol Use Disorder Using EEG Source Functional Connectivity, Neuropsychological Functioning, and Impulsivity Measures
Altered regional gray matter volume in Chinese female patients with bulimia nervosa
The response relevance of visual stimuli modulates the P3 component and the underlying sensorimotor network
Decreased information processing speed and decision-making performance in alcohol use disorder: combined neurostructural evidence from VBM and TBSS.
The effect of jet lag on the human brain: A neuroimaging study
Functional connectivity of thalamus in children with primary nocturnal enuresis: results from a resting-state fMRI study.
Believing is seeing: an fMRI study of thought-action fusion in healthy male adults.
Altered resting-state networks may explain the executive impairment in young health immigrants into high-altitude area.
The participation of basolateral amygdala in the efficacy of acupuncture with deqi treating for functional dyspepsia.
Metaphor processing is supramodal semantic processing: The role of the bilateral lateral temporal regions in multimodal communication.
Abnormal amygdala subregional-sensorimotor connectivity correlates with positive symptom in schizophrenia
Cerebral microstructural abnormalities in impulsivity: a magnetic resonance study.
Intersubject consistent dynamic connectivity during natural vision revealed by functional MRI.
Limitations of Standard Accessible Captioning of Sounds and Music for Deaf and Hard of Hearing People: An EEG Study
Brain Resting-State Network Alterations Associated With Crohn's Disease
Left Inferior Frontal Gyrus Integrates Multisensory Information in Category Learning.
Multi-well capture zones in strip-shaped aquifers
The pontine-driven somatic gaze tract contributes to affective processing in humans.
Relationship between white matter glucose metabolism and fractional anisotropy in healthy and schizophrenia subjects.
In Vivo Mitochondrial and Glycolytic Impairments in Patients with Alzheimer Disease
Neural bases of social feedback processing and self–other distinction in late childhood: The role of attachment and age
Neural interactions in occipitotemporal cortex during basic human movement perception by dynamic causal modeling.
Microstates-based resting frontal alpha asymmetry approach for understanding affect and approach/withdrawal behavior
Pregenual or subgenual anterior cingulate cortex as potential effective region for brain stimulation of depression
Functional MRI Investigation of Ultrasound Stimulation at ST 36
Can the Executive Control Network be Used to Diagnose Parkinson's Disease and as an Efficacy Indicator of Deep Brain Stimulation?
Temporal chunking as a mechanism for unsupervised learning of task-sets
Two systems for thinking about others’ thoughts in the developing brain
Alterations of functional connectivities associated with autism spectrum disorder symptom severity: a multi-site study using multivariate pattern analysis
Structural and Functional Alterations in the Contralesional Medial Temporal Lobe in Glioma Patients
Persistent Intrinsic Functional Network Connectivity Alterations in Middle-Aged and Older Women With Remitted Depression
Insular and occipital changes in visual snow syndrome: a BOLD fMRI and MRS study
Dissociation between frontal and temporal-parietal contributions to connected speech in acute stroke
Middle temporal cortex is involved in processing fractions.
Impact of literacy on the functional connectivity of vision and language related networks.
Multiparametric imaging hippocampal neurodegeneration and functional connectivity with simultaneous PET/MRI in Alzheimer’s disease
Atrophy of right inferior frontal orbital gyrus and frontoparietal functional connectivity abnormality in depressed suicide attempters.
Altered structure of the vestibular cortex in patients with vestibular migraine
ALFF and ReHo Mapping Reveals Different Functional Patterns in Early- and Late-Onset Parkinson’s Disease
Memory Function and Brain Functional Connectivity Adaptations Following Multiple-Modality Exercise and Mind–Motor Training in Older Adults at Risk of Dementia: An Exploratory Sub-Study
Neural Mechanisms in Eating Behaviors: A Pilot fMRI Study of Emotional Processing
Neural Correlates of Vocal Pitch Compensation in Individuals Who Stutter
A Multimodal Meta-Analysis of Structural and Functional Changes in the Brain of Tinnitus
CACNA1C Gene rs11832738 Polymorphism Influences Depression Severity by Modulating Spontaneous Activity in the Right Middle Frontal Gyrus in Patients With Major Depressive Disorder
Cerebello-Cortical Alterations Linked to Cognitive and Social Problems in Patients With Spastic Paraplegia Type 7: A Preliminary Study
APOE-ε4 Shapes the Cerebral Organization in Cognitively Intact Individuals as Reflected by Structural Gray Matter Networks
Neural reward related-reactions to monetar gains for self and charity are associated with donating behavior in adolescence
Medial temporal lobe regions mediate complex visual discriminations for both objects and scenes: A process-based view.
Uncoupling Sensation and Perception in Human Time Processing
Examining the Causal Effects of Sleep Deprivation on Emotion Regulation and Its Neural Mechanisms.
Neurofunctional correlates of eye to hand motor transfer
Cerebral white matter diffusion properties and free‐water with obstructive sleep apnea severity in older adults
Impact of early life adversities on human brain functioning: A coordinate-based meta-analysis.
The aging-liked alterations in Cushing's disease: A neurite orientation dispersion and density imaging (NODDI) study.
Real-world expectations and their affective value modulate object processing.
An orthographic prediction error as the basis for efficient visual word recognition
The key to group fitness: The presence of another synchronizes moral attitudes and neural responses during moral decision-making.
Effects of distraction on taste-related neural processing: a cross-sectional fMRI study
Cerebellar Contribution to Motor and Non-motor Functions in Parkinson's Disease: A Meta-Analysis of fMRI Findings
Altered heartbeat perception sensitivity associated with brain structural alterations in generalised anxiety disorder
Anatomical Covariance Analysis: Detection of Disrupted Correlation Network Related to Clinical Trait Fatigue in Multiple Sclerosis: A Pilot Study
Social brain dysfunctionality in individuals with autism spectrum disorder and their first-degree relatives: An activation likelihood estimation meta-analysis.
Brain compensation during response inhibition in premanifest Huntington's disease.
Congruency and reactivation aid memory integration through reinstatement of prior knowledge
Specific and segregated changes to the functional connectome evoked by the processing of emotional faces: A task-based connectome study
Violent Behavior Is Associated With Emotion Salience Network Dysconnectivity in Schizophrenia
Abnormal Cortical Thickness Is Associated With Deficits in Social Cognition in Patients With Myotonic Dystrophy Type 1
Short-term modulation of the lesioned language network
Atypical processing of uncertainty in individuals at risk for psychosis.
Neural substrates of smoking and reward cue reactivity in smokers: a meta-analysis of fMRI studies
Transcranial Focused Ultrasound to the Right Prefrontal Cortex Improves Mood and Alters Functional Connectivity in Humans
Differences in White Matter Microstructure Among Children With Developmental Coordination Disorder
The cerebellum is associated with 2-year prognosis in patients with high-frequency migraine
Sense of Agency Beyond Sensorimotor Process: Decoding Self-Other Action Attribution in the Human Brain
Functional Language Network Connectivity in Children of Women with Epilepsy with Selective Antenatal Antiepileptic Drug Exposure
Effects of oxytocin administration and conditioned oxytocin on brain activity: An fMRI study
Connectome-wide search for functional connectivity locus associated with pathological rumination as a target for real-time fMRI neurofeedback intervention
Resting State BOLD Variability of the Posterior Medial Temporal Lobe Correlates with Cognitive Performance in Older Adults with and without Risk for Cognitive Decline
Greater activation of the response inhibition network in females compared to males during stop signal task performance.
Testosterone reactivity is associated with reduced neural response to reward in early adolescence.
Altered Large-Scale Brain Functional Connectivity in Ocular Hypertension
On the Face of It: No Differential Sensitivity to Internal Facial Features in the Dog Brain
Resting State Glucose Utilization and Adult Reading Test Performance
Altered Global Brain Functional Connectivity in Drug-Naive Patients With Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder
An fMRI Study of Adult Brain Cortical Activation Following Intensive Learning
Dissociable Posterior and Anterior Insula Activations in Processing Negative Stimulus Before and After the Application of Cognitive Reappraisals
Insula shows abnormal task-evoked and resting-state activity in first-episode drug-naïve generalized anxiety disorder.
Network Mapping of Connectivity Alterations in Disorder of Consciousness: Towards Targeted Neuromodulation
Altered Cortical Gyrification in Adults Who Were Born Very Preterm and Its Associations With Cognition and Mental Health.
Coexistence of cerebral hypometabolism and neuroinflammation in the thalamo-limbic-brainstem region in young women with functional somatic syndrome
Brain morphological changes in hypokinetic dysarthria of Parkinson's disease and use of machine learning to predict severity
Interactions between emotion and action in the brain
Context-dependent dynamic functional connectivity alteration of lateral occipital cortex in schizophrenia.
Metabolic lesion-deficit mapping of human cognition
Cortical thickness, local gyrification index and fractal dimensionality in people with acute and recovered Anorexia Nervosa and in people with Bulimia Nervosa.
Altered Brain Function in Young HIV Patients with Syphilis Infection: A Voxel-Wise Degree Centrality Analysis
Functional Connectivity Evoked by Orofacial Tactile Perception of Velocity
Damaged Insula Network Contributes to Depression in Parkinson’s Disease
Structural and functional footprint of visual snow syndrome
Differential Effects of Tai Chi Chuan (Motor-Cognitive Training) and Walking on Brain Networks: A Resting-State fMRI Study in Chinese Women Aged 60
Alcohol effects on globus pallidus connectivity: Role of impulsivity and binge drinking
Disturbed Resting-State Whole-Brain Functional Connectivity of Striatal Subregions in Bulimia Nervosa
Increased regional homogeneity modulated by metacognitive training predicts therapeutic efficacy in patients with schizophrenia
The sensation of groove engages motor and reward networks.
Strengthened Default Mode Network Activation During Delay Discounting in Adolescents with Anorexia Nervosa After Partial Weight Restoration: A Longitudinal fMRI Study
Structural and Functional Alterations in Hemodialysis Patients: A Voxel-Based Morphometry and Functional Connectivity Study
Dissociable Neural Information Dynamics of Perceptual Integration and Differentiation during Bistable Perception
The Specific Impact of Apolipoprotein E Epsilon 2 on Cognition and Brain Function in Cognitively Normal Elders and Mild Cognitive Impairment Patients
Social perspective-taking shapes brain hemodynamic activity and eye movements during movie viewing
Stereomotion Processing in the Nonhuman Primate Brain.
A daytime nap restores hippocampal function and improves declarative learning
The Instant Spontaneous Neuronal Activity Modulation of Transcutaneous Auricular Vagus Nerve Stimulation on Patients With Primary Insomnia
Dynamic human and avatar facial expressions elicit differential brain responses
Neural substrates of bilingual processing in a logographic writing system: An fMRI study in Chinese Cantonese-Mandarin bilinguals.
The CRUNCH model does not account for load-dependent changes in visuospatial working memory in older adults.
Longitudinal changes in DLPFC activation during childhood are related to decreased aggression following social rejection
Local glutamate in cingulate cortex subregions differentially correlates with affective network activations during face perception.
Depth‐dependent abnormal cortical myelination in first‐episode treatment‐naïve schizophrenia
Neurological and behavioral features of locomotor imagery in the blind
Breakdown of the affective‐cognitive network in functional dystonia
Glucocorticoids and cortical decoding in the phobic brain.
Increased Amygdala Activations during the Emotional Experience of Death-Related Pictures in Complicated Grief: An fMRI Study
Amygdala hyperreactivity to faces conditioned with a social-evaluative meaning- a multiplex, multigenerational fMRI study on social anxiety endophenotypes.
Application of Generalized Split Linearized Bregman Iteration algorithm for Alzheimer's disease prediction
Pattern similarity and connectivity of hippocampal-neocortical regions support empathy for pain
Neural mechanisms of self-affirmation’s stress buffering effects
Activation patterns of the dorsal medial prefrontal cortex and frontal pole predict individual differences in decision impulsivity.
Achieving affective human–virtual agent communication by enabling virtual agents to imitate positive expressions
Locating neural transfer effects of n-back training on the central executive: a longitudinal fMRI study
Cortical presentation of language functions in patients after total laryngectomy: a fMRI study
Diminished responses to bodily threat and blunted interoception in suicide attempters
Brain Functional Alternations of the Pain-related Emotional and Cognitive Regions in Patients with Chronic Shoulder Pain
An fMRI Study of the Brain Network Involved in Teeth Tapping in Elderly Adults
Structural and Functional Hippocampal Changes in Subjective Cognitive Decline From the Community
Longitudinal Changes in Whole-Brain Functional Connectivity Strength Patterns and the Relationship With the Global Cognitive Decline in Older Adults
The Modulation of Reward and Habit Systems by Acupuncture in Adolescents with Internet Addiction
Aberrant functional connectivity of the cingulate subregions in right-sided temporal lobe epilepsy
Neural Mechanisms of Vicarious Reward Processing in Adults with Autism Spectrum Disorder
Neural mechanisms underlying concurrent listening of simultaneous speech.
A dual-brain approach for understanding the neuralmechanisms that underlie the comforting effects of social touch.
What and where in the auditory systems of sighted and early blind individuals: Evidence from representational similarity analysis.
Altered Patterns of Phase Position Connectivity in Default Mode Subnetwork of Subjective Cognitive Decline and Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment
High-Frequency rTMS of the Motor Cortex Modulates Cerebellar and Widespread Activity as Revealed by SVM
Model-Based and Model-Free Analyses of the Neural Correlates of Tongue Movements
Self-Regulation of SMR Power Led to an Enhancement of Functional Connectivity of Somatomotor Cortices in Fibromyalgia Patients
Developmental Dynamic Dysphasia: Are Bilateral Brain Abnormalities a Signature of Inefficient Neural Plasticity?
Neural Correlates of Verb Fluency Performance in Cognitively Healthy Older Adults and Individuals With Dementia: A Pilot fMRI Study
Intrinsic Cerebro-Cerebellar Functional Connectivity Reveals the Function of Cerebellum VI in Reading-Related Skills
Comparison of women with high vs. low food addiction tendency: a pilot study with voxel-based morphometry
Brain connectivity in the left frontotemporal network dynamically modulated by processing difficulty: Evidence from Chinese relative clauses
Neural correlates of anxiety under interrogation in guilt or innocence contexts
A Systematic Review and Activation Likelihood Estimation Meta-Analysis of fMRI Studies on Sweet Taste in Humans
Mesocorticolimbic Interactions Mediate fMRI-Guided Regulation of Self-Generated Affective States
Characteristic patterns of white matter tract injury in sport-related concussion: An image based meta-analysis
Mild behavioral impairment in Parkinson's disease is associated with altered corticostriatal connectivity
Differential neural processing of unpleasant sensory stimulation in patients with major depression
The neural influence of autobiographical memory related to the parent-child relationship on psychological health in adulthood
Are all behavioral reward benefits created equally? An EEG-fMRI study.
Self-control and interoception: Linking the neural substrates of craving regulation and the prediction of aversive interoceptive states induced by inspiratory breathing restriction.
Goal-oriented and habitual decisions: Neural signatures of model-based and model-free learning.
Autonomic modulation networks in schizophrenia: The relationship between heart rate variability and functional and structural connectivity in the brain.
Spatiotemporal Dynamics of Multiple Memory Systems During Category Learning
Depression-related anterior cingulate prefrontal resting state connectivity normalizes following cognitive behavioral therapy
Correlation Analysis of the Tinnitus Handicap Inventory and Distress Network in Chronic Tinnitus: An EEG Study
Children’s neurodevelopment of reading is affected by China’s language input system in the information era
Ethnicity-Dependent Effects of Schizophrenia Risk Variants of the OLIG2 Gene on OLIG2 Transcription and White Matter Integrity.
Interaction between behavioral inhibition and neural alcohol cue-reactivity in ADHD and alcohol use disorder
Interplay between midbrain and dorsal anterior cingulate regions arbitrates lingering reward effects on memory encoding
Differential contribution of anterior and posterior midline regions during mental simulation of counterfactual and perspective shifts in autobiographical memories.
Stronger right hemisphere functional connectivity supports executive aspects of language in older adults.
Re-imaging the intentional stance
Predicting Long-Term After-Effects of Theta-Burst Stimulation on Supplementary Motor Network Through One-Session Response
Left Inferior Frontal Gyrus Participates in Mediating the Renewal Effect Irrespective of Context Salience
Metacognitive Training Modulates Default-Mode Network Homogeneity During 8-Week Olanzapine Treatment in Patients With Schizophrenia
Aberrant Resting-State Cerebellar-Cerebral Functional Connectivity in Methamphetamine-Dependent Individuals After Six Months Abstinence
Prompting future events: Effects of temporal cueing and time on task on brain preparation to action.
Whole-brain structural covariance network abnormality in first-episode and drug-naïve major depressive disorder.
Neurological soft signs (NSS) and gray matter volume (GMV) in first-episode psychosis: An analysis of NSS motor subscores.
Impact of Childhood Trauma on Executive Function in Adolescence-Mediating Functional Brain Networks and Prediction of High-Risk Drinking.
Alcohol Use Disorder, But Not Cannabis Use Disorder, Symptomatology in Adolescents Is Associated With Reduced Differential Responsiveness to Reward Versus Punishment Feedback During Instrumental Learning.
The effect of optimistic expectancies on attention bias: Neural and behavioral correlates
Effects of Recreational GHB Use and Multiple GHB-Induced Comas on Brain Structure and Impulsivity
Decreased Amygdalar Activation to NSSI-Stimuli in People Who Engage in NSSI: A Neuroimaging Pilot Study
Detecting Abnormal Brain Regions in Schizophrenia Using Structural MRI via Machine Learning
The gray matter volume of the temporoparietal junction varies across cultures: a moderating role of the dopamine D4 receptor gene (DRD4).
The role of the ventromedial prefrontal cortex in automatic formation of impression and reflected impression
Neural mechanisms supporting emotional and self-referential information processing and encoding in older and younger adults
The emerging neuroscience of social punishment: Meta-analytic evidence.
Stronger bilateral functional connectivity of the frontoparietal control network in near-centenarians and centenarians without dementia.
Gut dysbiosis-influence on amygdala-based functional activity in patients with end stage renal disease: a preliminary study.
Functional connectivity dysfunction of insular subdivisions in cognitive impairment after acute mild traumatic brain injury
Aberrant static and dynamic functional connectivity of the executive control network in lung cancer patients after chemotherapy: a longitudinal fMRI study
Global functional connectivity density alterations in patients with bipolar disorder with auditory verbal hallucinations and modest short‐term effects of transcranial direct current stimulation augmentation treatment—Baseline and follow‐up study
Network changes in patients with phobic postural vertigo
A meta-analysis of fMRI studies of language comprehension in children.
Insula functional connectivity in schizophrenia.
How do expectant fathers respond to infant cry? Examining brain and behavioral responses and the moderating role of testosterone
The role of the subgenual anterior cingulate cortex in dorsomedial prefrontal–amygdala neural circuitry during positive‐social emotion regulation
Contributions of Cerebro-Cerebellar Default Mode Connectivity Patterns to Memory Performance in Mild Cognitive Impairment
Elevation and latitude drives structure and tree species composition in Andean forests: Results from a large-scale plot network
First-Person Virtual Embodiment Modulates the Cortical Network that Encodes the Bodily Self and Its Surrounding Space during the Experience of Domestic Violence
Polymorphisms in CRYBB2 encoding βB2-crystallin are associated with antisaccade performance and memory function
Functional and Structural Brain Alterations in Encephalitis With LGI1 Antibodies
The cognitive and neural mechanisms underlying norm-enforcement behaviors under social observation.
Functional connectivity changes of nucleus Accumbens Shell portion in left mesial temporal lobe epilepsy patients.
Familiarity and Audience Effects on Giving: A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study.
Speaking in the Brain: The Interaction between Words and Syntax in Sentence Production.
From a deep learning model back to the brain—Identifying regional predictors and their relation to aging
Neurological soft signs (NSS) and brain morphology in patients with chronic schizophrenia and healthy controls
Atypical Brain Structures as a Function of Gray Matter Volume (GMV) and Gray Matter Density (GMD) in Young Adults Relating to Autism Spectrum Traits
Altered intrinsic brain activity and regional cerebral blood flow in patients with chronic neck and shoulder pain
Neural correlates of cognitive bias modification for interpretation
Abnormal large-scale resting-state functional networks in drug-free major depressive disorder.
Bidirectional competitive interactions between motor memory and declarative memory during interleaved learning
Cortical Representation of Tactile Stickiness Evoked by Skin Contact and Glove Contact
Disturbed neurovascular coupling in hemodialysis patients
A unified model of post-stroke language deficits including discourse production and their neural correlates
Brain network dynamics during spontaneous strategy shifts and incremental task optimization.
Brain morphologic abnormalities in migraine patients: an observational study
Predictive processing account of action perception: Evidence from effective connectivity in the action observation network.
Cortical thinning and altered functional brain coherence in survivors of childhood sarcoma.
Functional, anatomical and diffusion tensor MRI study of radiology expertise
Altered resting-state functional connectivity in adolescents is associated with PTSD symptoms and trauma exposure
The role of the PMd in task complexity: functional connectivity is modulated by motor learning and age.
Neural Differentiation is Moderated by Age in Scene-Selective, But Not Face-Selective, Cortical Regions
Volitional down-regulation of the primary auditory cortex via directed attention mediated by real-time fMRI neurofeedback
Cognitive conflict and restructuring: The neural basis of two core components of insight
Activation of stimulus-specific processing regions at retrieval tracks the strength of relational memory
The relationship between early and recent life stress and emotional expression processing: A functional connectivity study
Changes in cerebral perfusion following a 12-month exercise and diet intervention.
Cytoarchitecture of the mouse brain by high resolution diffusion magnetic resonance imaging.
Originality of divergent thinking is associated with working memory-related brain activity: Evidence from a large sample study.
Altered Spontaneous Neural Activity in Peripartum Depression: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Scale‐free functional brain dynamics during recovery from sport‐related concussion
A neuroscientific evaluation of driver rehabilitation: Functional neuroimaging demonstrates the effectiveness of empathy induction in altering brain responses during social information processing
Processing False Beliefs in Preschool Children and Adults: Developing a Set of Custom Tasks to Test the Theory of Mind in Neuroimaging and Behavioral Research
The Insular Subregions Topological Characteristics of Patients With Bipolar Depressive Disorder
Dissociable Effects of Theta-Burst Repeated Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation to the Inferior Frontal Gyrus on Inhibitory Control in Nicotine Addiction
The Identification of Alzheimer’s Disease Using Functional Connectivity Between Activity Voxels in Resting-State fMRI Data
A Metabolic Imaging Study of Lexical and Phonological Naming Errors in Alzheimer Disease
Neural substrates of anorexia nervosa patient’s deficits to decode emotional information
Shared gray matter alterations in individuals with diverse behavioral addictions: A voxel-wise meta-analysis
Response inhibition during processing of sexual stimuli in males with problematic hypersexual behavior
Decreased effective connection from the parahippocampal gyrus to the prefrontal cortex in Internet gaming disorder: A MVPA and spDCM study
New insights into the neural basis of cognitive control: An event-related fMRI study of task selection processes.
Neural correlates of NOS1 ex1f-VNTR allelic variation in panic disorder and agoraphobia during fear conditioning and extinction in fMRI
Abnormal Functional Connectivity Density in New-Onset Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus Children: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
The Unique Contributions of Verbal Analogical Reasoning and Nonverbal Matrix Reasoning to Science and Maths Problem‐Solving in Adolescence
Comparing two facets of emotion perception across multiple neurodegenerative diseases
Electrophysiological correlates of gist perception: a steady-state visually evoked potentials study
Mutation Carriers with Reduced C-Afferent Density Reveal Cortical Dynamics of Pain–Action Relationship during Acute Pain
Representation of associative and affective semantic similarity of abstract words in the lateral temporal perisylvian language regions.
Keeping an eye on pain expression in primary somatosensory cortex.
Strengthening spatial reasoning: elucidating the attentional and neural mechanisms associated with mental rotation skill development
Genetic Association Between Alzheimer’s Disease Risk Variant of the PICALM Gene and EEG Functional Connectivity in Non-demented Adults
Distinct Components in the Right Extended Frontal Aslant Tract Mediate Language and Working Memory Performance: A Tractography-Informed VBM Study
Neural Correlates of Food Cue Exposure Intervention for Obesity: A Case-Series Approach
Cerebral Hemodynamic Responses to the Sensory Conflict Between Visual and Rotary Vestibular Stimuli: An Analysis With a Multichannel Near-Infrared Spectroscopy (NIRS) System
The Free and Cued Selective Reminding Test in Parkinson's Disease Mild Cognitive Impairment: Discriminative Accuracy and Neural Correlates
Altered Time Awareness in Dementia
Simultaneous Motion and Distortion Correction Using Dual-Echo Diffusion-Weighted MRI.
Disrupted functional connectivity between sub-regions in the sensorimotor areas and cortex in migraine without aura
Functional neural correlates of psychopathy: a meta-analysis of MRI data
Alterations in Salience Network Functional Connectivity in Individuals with Restless Legs Syndrome
Different Degree Centrality Changes in the Brain after Acupuncture on Contralateral or Ipsilateral Acupoint in Patients with Chronic Shoulder Pain: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Enhanced Gray Matter Volume Compensates for Decreased Brain Activity in the Ocular Motor Area in Children with Anisometropic Amblyopia
Neurostructural correlates of hope: dispositional hope mediates the impact of the SMA gray matter volume on subjective well-being in late adolescence
Processing Speech and Thoughts during Silent Reading: Direct Reference Effects for Speech by Fictional Characters in Voice-Selective Auditory Cortex and a Theory-of-Mind Network.
Reward-Sensitive Basal Ganglia Stabilize the Maintenance of Goal-Relevant Neural Patterns in Adolescents.
Masking effects on subjective annoyance to aircraft flyover noise: An fMRI study
Altered functional connectivity of right inferior frontal gyrus subregions in bipolar disorder: a resting state fMRI study.
Common gray and white matter abnormalities in schizophrenia and bipolar disorder
Graph theoretical quantification of white matter reorganization after cortical stroke in mice.
Neural activity for hip-knee control in those with anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction: A task-based functional connectivity analysis.
Neural basis of shame and guilt experience in women with borderline personality disorder
Epilepsy Lesion Localization is not Predicted by Developmental Venous Anomaly Location or its FDG-PET Metabolic Activity.
Longitudinal effects of rTMS on neuroplasticity in chronic treatment-resistant depression
A response‐locking protocol to boost sensitivity for fMRI‐based neurochronometry
Two Forms of Knowledge Representations in the Human Brain.
Leptin predicts cortical and subcortical gray matter volume recovery in alcohol dependent patients: A longitudinal structural magnetic resonance imaging study.
Fractional amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations and gray matter volume alterations in patients with bipolar depression.
Pre-reading language abilities and the brain's functional reading network in young children.
Acute Posttrauma Resting-State Functional Connectivity of Periaqueductal Gray Prospectively Predicts Posttraumatic Stress Disorder Symptoms.
Neural correlates of fluctuations in the intermediate band for heart rate and respiration are related to interoceptive perception.
Altered Patterns of Functional Connectivity and Causal Connectivity in Salience Subnetwork of Subjective Cognitive Decline and Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment
A Meta-Analysis of Gray Matter Differences Between Bilinguals and Monolinguals
Social Attention in Autism: Neural Sensitivity to Speech Over Background Noise Predicts Encoding of Social Information
Functional magnetic resonance imaging of the trail-making test in older adults
Neural Responses to Infant Emotions and Emotional Self-Awareness in Mothers and Fathers during Pregnancy
Neural responses to intention and benefit appraisal are critical in distinguishing gratitude and joy
Default network interactivity during mentalizing about known others is modulated by age and social closeness
Neural Basis of Ambivalence towards Ideal Self-Image in Schizophrenia
Diurnal Preference and Grey Matter Volume in a Large Population of Older Adults: Data from the UK Biobank
Pictures of preterm infants elicit increased affective responses and reduced reward-motivation or perspective taking in the maternal brain.
Brain Activation in Contrasts of Microexpression Following Emotional Contexts
Decreased Functional Connectivity Between the Left Amygdala and Frontal Regions Interferes With Reading, Emotional, and Executive Functions in Children With Reading Difficulties
Altered Resting-State Functional Connectivity of Multiple Networks and Disrupted Correlation With Executive Function in Major Depressive Disorder
Subclinical paranoid beliefs and enhanced neural response during processing of unattractive faces
Effects of a mindfulness based behavioral intervention for young adults with childhood maltreatment history on hippocampal morphometry: a pilot MRI study with voxel-based morphometry.
Neural and Behavioral Outcomes Differ Following Equivalent Bouts of Motor Imagery or Physical Practice.
Brain structural and functional alterations in MDD patient with gastrointestinal symptoms: A resting-state MRI study.
Resting state functional connectivity underlying musical creativity.
Similar and Different Regional Homogeneity Changes Between Bipolar Disorder and Unipolar Depression: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Correcting Task fMRI Signals for Variability in Baseline CBF Improves BOLD-Behavior Relationships: A Feasibility Study in an Aging Model
Neural Basis of Extremely High Temporal Sensitivity: Insights From a Patient With Autism
Theta-Burst Stimulation for Auditory-Verbal Hallucination in Very-Late-Onset Schizophrenia-Like Psychosis—A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Case Study
Sedation Modulates Frontotemporal Predictive Coding Circuits and the Double Surprise Acceleration Effect
Voxel-wise meta-analysis of structural changes in gray matter of Parkinson’s disease patients with mild cognitive impairment
Higher impulsivity and lower grey matter volume in the bilateral prefrontal cortex in long-term abstinent individuals with severe methamphetamine use disorder.
Gray Matter Covariance Networks as Classifiers and Predictors of Cognitive Function in Alzheimer’s Disease
Feeling addressed! The neural processing of social communicative cues in patients with major depression
Gray Matter Changes in the Orbitofrontal-Paralimbic Cortex in Male Youths With Non-comorbid Conduct Disorder
Exploratory Analyses of Cerebral Gray Matter Volumes After Out-of-Hospital Cardiac Arrest in Good Outcome Survivors
Towards a neuroscience-based theory of personality: within-subjects dissociation of human brain activity during pursuit and goal conflict
Inward versus reward: white matter pathways in extraversion
Neural signatures of promotion versus prevention goal priming: fMRI evidence for distinct cognitive-motivational systems
Striatal bases of temporal discounting in early adolescents.
fMRI adaptation reveals: The human mirror neuron system discriminates emotional valence.
Spatially congruent negative BOLD responses to different stimuli do not summate in visual cortex.
Impaired mesocorticolimbic connectivity underlies increased pain sensitivity in chronic low back pain.
Functional and Structural Changes in Postherpetic Neuralgia Brain Before and Six Months After Pain Relieving
Temporoparietal Junction Functional Connectivity in Early Schizophrenia and Major Depressive Disorder
The Innate Alarm System and Subliminal Threat Presentation in Posttraumatic Stress Disorder: Neuroimaging of the Midbrain and Cerebellum
The Threatful Self: Midbrain Functional Connectivity to Cortical Midline and Parietal Regions During Subliminal Trauma-Related Processing in PTSD
Back to the Basics: Resting State Functional Connectivity of the Reticular Activation System in PTSD and its Dissociative Subtype
Initial Evidence for Brain Plasticity Following a Digital Therapeutic Intervention for Depression
Jumping on the ‘bad’wagon? How group membership influences responses to the social exclusion of others
Systemic inflammation is associated with differential neural reactivity and connectivity to affective images
Tracking differential activation of primary and supplementary motor cortex across timing tasks: An fNIRS validation study.
Musicians use speech-specific areas when processing tones: The key to their superior linguistic competence?
Anhedonia to Gentle Touch in Fibromyalgia: Normal Sensory Processing but Abnormal Evaluation
A unified neurocognitive model of semantics language social behaviour and face recognition in semantic dementia
Interactive influence of self and other language behaviors: Evidence from switching between bilingual production and comprehension
Classifying heterogeneous presentations of PTSD via the default mode, central executive, and salience networks with machine learning
Association of a SIRT1 polymorphism with changes of gray matter volume in patients with first-episode medication-naïve major depression.
Network connectivity predicts language processing in healthy adults
Neural correlates of cognitive variability in childhood autism and relation to heterogeneity in decision-making dynamics
Neural oscillatory dynamics serving abstract reasoning reveal robust sex differences in typically-developing children and adolescents
Adolescent development of inhibitory control and substance use vulnerability: A longitudinal neuroimaging study
Lessons learned from 40 novel PIGA patients and a review of the literature.
Decoding motor imagery and action planning in the early visual cortex: Overlapping but distinct neural mechanisms.
The functional brain networks that underlie visual working memory in the first two years of life
Valence Encoding Signals in the Human Amygdala and the Willingness to Eat
Other people’s gaze encoded as implied motion in the human brain
Interferon and anti-TNF therapies differentially modulate amygdala reactivity which predicts associated bidirectional changes in depressive symptoms
Potential Locations for Noninvasive Brain Stimulation in Treating Autism Spectrum Disorders—A Functional Connectivity Study
After the Honeymoon: Neural and Genetic Correlates of Romantic Love in Newlywed Marriages
Frontal white matter abnormalities reveal the pathological basis underlying negative symptoms in antipsychotic-naïve, first-episode patients with adolescent-onset schizophrenia: Evidence from multimodal brain imaging.
Atypical language localization in right temporal lobe epilepsy: An fMRI case report
Alterations of local functional connectivity in lifespan: A resting‐state fMRI study
Connectomic signatures of working memory deficits in depression, mania, and euthymic states of bipolar disorder.
Endogenous cortisol-related alterations of right anterior insula functional connectivity under acute stress.
Anterior cingulate cortex, insula and amygdala seed-based whole brain resting-state functional connectivity differentiates bipolar from unipolar depression.
Retrospective spatial analysis for African swine fever in endemic areas to assess interactions between susceptible host populations
Exploring white matter microstructure and the impact of antipsychotics in adolescent-onset psychosis
Spatiotemporal consistency analysis of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder children.
Affective evaluation of others' altruistic decisions under risk and ambiguity.
Functional Connectome Analyses Reveal the Human Olfactory Network Organization
Two nights of recovery sleep restores hippocampal connectivity but not episodic memory after total sleep deprivation
Mapping the artistic brain: Common and distinct neural activations associated with musical, drawing, and literary creativity
Tumor grade-related language and control network reorganization in patients with left cerebral glioma.
APOE4 Status is Related to Differences in Memory-Related Brain Function in Asymptomatic Older Adults with Family History of Alzheimer’s Disease: Baseline Analysis of the PREVENT-AD Task Functional MRI Dataset
Abnormal fear circuits activities correlated to physical symptoms in somatic anxiety patients.
Common and unique connectivity at the interface of motor, neuropsychiatric, and cognitive symptoms in Parkinson's disease: A commonality analysis
Neuronal network mechanisms associated with depressive symptom improvement following electroconvulsive therapy
Incidental or Intentional? Different Brain Responses to One's Own Action Sounds in Hurdling vs. Tap Dancing
Role of the Hippocampus During Logical Reasoning and Belief Bias in Aging
Change in neural response during emotion regulation is associated with symptom reduction in cognitive behavioral therapy for anxiety disorders.
Cortical and subcortical response to the anticipation of reward in high and average/low risk-taking adolescents
Nonlinear Effects of Dopamine D1 Receptor Activation on Visuomotor Coordination Task Performance.
Corticostriatal White Matter Integrity and Dopamine D1 Receptor Availability Predict Age Differences in Prefrontal Value Signaling during Reward Learning
Dopaminergic modulation of the exploration/exploitation trade-off in human decision-making
Assessing cognitive control and the reward system in overweight young adults using sensitivity to incentives and white matter integrity
Semantic and attentional networks in bilingual processing: fMRI connectivity signatures of translation directionality.
Association between cortical volume and gray-white matter contrast with second generation antipsychotic medication exposure in first episode male schizophrenia patients.
Neural responsivity to social rewards in autistic female youth
General and feature-based semantic representations in the semantic network
Gray Matter Structure Is Associated with Reading Skill in Typically Developing Young Readers.
Reduced Thalamus Volume and Enhanced Thalamus and Fronto-Parietal Network Integration in the Chess Experts.
Altered resting‐state functional connectivity and effective connectivity of the habenula in irritable bowel syndrome: A cross‐sectional and machine learning study
Sex Differences and Commonalities in the Impact of a Palatable Meal on Thalamic and Insular Connectivity
Brain activity and connectivity differences in reward value discrimination during effort computation in schizophrenia.
The posterior cerebellum supports the explicit sequence learning linked to trait attribution
Functional connectivity is preserved but reorganized across several anesthetic regimes.
Altered neural substrates within cognitive networks of postpartum women during working memory process and resting-state
Opening or closing eyes at rest modulates the functional connectivity of V1 with default and salience networks
The MAOA Gene Influences the Neural Response to Psychosocial Stress in the Human Brain
Disinhibition of Human Primary Somatosensory Cortex After Median Nerve Transection and Reinnervation
Pain- and Fatigue-Related Functional and Structural Changes in Ankylosing Spondylitis: An fRMI Study
Neural correlates of sense of agency in motor control: A neuroimaging meta-analysis
Dissociable neural correlates of spatial attention and response inhibition in spatially driven interference.
Acupuncture Treatment Modulates the Connectivity of Key Regions of the Descending Pain Modulation and Reward Systems in Patients with Chronic Low Back Pain
Neural Correlates of Gender Face Perception in Transgender People
Relationships between abnormal neural activities and cognitive impairments in patients with drug-naive first-episode schizophrenia
Cholinergic dysfunction, neurodegeneration, and amyloid-beta pathology in neurodegenerative diseases.
Altered activation in sensorimotor network after applying rTMS over the primary motor cortex at different frequencies
Diagnostic and Predictive Neuroimaging Biomarkers for Posttraumatic Stress Disorder.
Common neural and transcriptional correlates of inhibitory control underlie emotion regulation and memory control
Structural Covariance Changes of Anterior and Posterior Hippocampus During Musical Training in Young Adults
Functional Neuroanatomy of the Human Accommodation Response to an “E” Target Varying from -3 to -6 Diopters
Gray Matter Deficits and Dysfunction in the Insula Among Individuals With Intermittent Explosive Disorder
Imaging of Morphological Background in Selected Functional and Inflammatory Gastrointestinal Diseases in fMRI
Adolescent gender differences in neural reactivity to a friend’s positive affect and real-world positive experiences in social contexts
Developmental maturation of inhibitory control circuitry in a high-risk sample: A longitudinal fMRI study
Neural activity moderates the association between sleep and risky driving behaviors in adolescence
Altered resting activity patterns and connectivity in individuals with complex regional pain syndrome
Placebo-induced pain reduction is associated with negative coupling between brain networks at rest.
Brain Network Underlying Executive Functions in Gambling and Alcohol Use Disorders: An Activation Likelihood Estimation Meta-Analysis of fMRI Studies
Mapping typical and hypokinetic dysarthric speech production network using a connected speech paradigm in functional MRI
Maturation of Brain Regions Related to the Default Mode Network during Adolescence Facilitates Narrative Comprehension
Resting-state functional brain connectivity in a predominantly African-American sample of older adults: exploring links among personality traits, cognitive performance, and the default mode network
Multi‐voxel pattern analysis of amygdala functional connectivity at rest predicts variability in posttraumatic stress severity
Attentional reorientation along the meridians of the visual field: Are there different neural mechanisms at play?
Neurofunctional and behavioural measures associated with fMRI-neurofeedback learning in adolescents with Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder
Roles of Category, Shape, and Spatial Frequency in Shaping Animal and Tool Selectivity in the Occipitotemporal Cortex
Frequency-Dependent Intrinsic Electrophysiological Functional Architecture of the Human Verbal Language Network
Empathy-Related Brain Activity in Somatosensory Cortex Protects From Tactile Priming Effects: A Pilot Study
Early Engagement of Parietal Cortex for Subtraction Solving Predicts Longitudinal Gains in Behavioral Fluency in Children
The Shape of a Vehicle Windshield Affects Reaction Time and Brain Activity During a Target Detection Task
Manipulation of Self-Expansion Alters Responses to Attractive Alternative Partners
Structural and Functional Reorganization Within Cognitive Control Network Associated With Protection of Executive Function in Patients With Unilateral Frontal Gliomas
Examining the Neural Basis of Congruent and Incongruent Configural Contexts during Associative Retrieval.
Neural Mechanisms of Memory Enhancement and Impairment Induced by Visual Statistical Learning.
Mild Inflammation in Healthy Males Induces Fatigue Mediated by Changes in Effective Connectivity Within the Insula.
Brain Responses to Emotional Infant Faces in New Mothers and Nulliparous Women
Cortical encoding of linguistic constituent with and without morphosyntactic cues.
The association between cognitive reserve and performance-related brain activity during episodic encoding and retrieval across the adult lifespan.
Cortical Damage Associated With Cognitive and Motor Impairment in Hereditary Spastic Paraplegia: Evidence of a Novel SPAST Mutation
Naltrexone during pain conditioning: A double-blind placebo-controlled experimental trial
Distinguishing vigilance decrement and low task demands from mind‐wandering: A machine learning analysis of EEG
Effective connectivity during autobiographical memory search
Brain networks underlying vulnerability and resilience to drug addiction
Insights to the neural response to food cues in class III compared with class I and II obese adults using a sample of endometrial cancer survivors seeking weight loss
Disorganized Attachment pattern affects the perception of Affective Touch
Gray Matter Volume Correlates of Sleepiness: A Voxel-Based Morphometry Study in Younger and Older Adults
Increased functional dynamics in civil aviation pilots: Evidence from a neuroimaging study
Individual differences in envy experienced through perspective-taking involves functional connectivity of the superior frontal gyrus
Neural substrates underlying progressive micrographia in Parkinson's disease
Altered functional connectivity of brain regions based on a meta‐analysis in patients with T2DM: A resting‐state fMRI study
Connectome-based models can predict early symptom improvement in major depressive disorder.
Neural and behavioral correlates of inhibitory control in youths with varying levels of irritability.
Neural correlates of self- and other-referential processing in young adolescents and the effects of testosterone and peer similarity.
Connectivity dynamics from wakefulness to sleep.
Estradiol Modulates Neural and Behavioral Arousal in Women With Posttraumatic Stress Disorder During a Fear Learning and Extinction Task.
An Efficient Combination among sMRI, CSF, Cognitive Score, and APOE ε4 Biomarkers for Classification of AD and MCI Using Extreme Learning Machine
Association Between Resting-State Functional Connectivity and Reading in Two Writing Systems in Japanese Children With and Without Developmental Dyslexia
Emotion Regulation Modulates Dietary Decision-Making via Activity in the Prefrontal–Striatal Valuation System
Controlled semantic summation correlates with intrinsic connectivity between default mode and control networks.
Increased left inferior fronto-striatal activation during error monitoring after fMRI neurofeedback of right inferior frontal cortex in adolescents with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder
Cortical Volumetric Correlates of Childhood Trauma, Anxiety, and Impulsivity in Bipolar Disorder
Bayesian modelling captures inter-individual differences in social belief computations in the putamen and insula.
Acute oxytocin effects in inferring others’ beliefs and social emotions in people at clinical high risk for psychosis
The Functional Convergence and Heterogeneity of Social, Episodic, and Self-Referential Thought in the Default Mode Network
Involuntary Orienting and Conflict Resolution during Auditory Attention: The Role of Ventral and Dorsal Streams.
Neural Systems for Memory-based Value Judgment and Decision-making.
Holding On to the Past: Older Adults Show Lingering Neural Activation of No-Longer-Relevant Items in Working Memory.
Neural Correlates of Fixated Low- and High-level Scene Properties during Active Scene Viewing.
The developmental neural substrates of Hebb repetition learning and their link with reading ability
The same, but different: Preserved distractor suppression in old age is implemented through an age‐specific reactive ventral fronto‐parietal network
Brain response to intranasal trimethylamine stimulation: A preliminary human fMRI study.
The effect of semantic memory degeneration on creative thinking: A voxel-based morphometry analysis.
Visual cortical regions show sufficient test-retest reliability while salience regions are unreliable during emotional face processing.
Spontaneous cognition and its relationship to human creativity: A functional connectivity study involving a chain free association task.
Time to Face Language: Embodied Mechanisms Underpin the Inception of Face-Related Meanings in the Human Brain
Neural Mechanisms of Choice Diversification
Distinct Insular Functional Connectivity Changes Related to Mood and Fatigue Improvements in Major Depressive Disorder Following Tai Chi Training: A Pilot Study
Alterations of Interhemispheric Functional Connectivity in Parkinson’s Disease With Depression: A Resting-State Functional MRI Study
Joint Attention During Live Person-to-Person Contact Activates rTPJ, Including a Sub-Component Associated With Spontaneous Eye-to-Eye Contact
The Role of Moderating Variables on BOLD fMRI Response During Semantic Verbal Fluency and Finger Tapping in Active and Educated Healthy Seniors
Differential Functional Connectivity in Anterior and Posterior Hippocampus Supporting the Development of Memory Formation
Correlation Between the Wechsler Adult Intelligence Scale- 3rd Edition Metrics and Brain Structure in Healthy Individuals: A Whole-Brain Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Response Inhibition and Binge Drinking During Transition to University: An fMRI Study
Quantitative MRI-Based Analysis Identifies Developmental Limbic Abnormalities in PCDH19 Encephalopathy.
Neurocan genome-wide psychiatric risk variant affects explicit memory performance and hippocampal function in healthy humans.
Brain Networks Processing Temporal Information in Dynamic Facial Expressions.
Interaction of irritability and anxiety on emotional responding and emotion regulation: a functional MRI study
Neural correlates of script-driven imagery in adolescents with interpersonal traumatic experiences: A pilot study.
White matter changes in children and adolescents with reactive attachment disorder: A diffusion tensor imaging study.
Age-Related Changes in the Neural Processes of Reward-Directed Action and Inhibition of Action
Disrupted functional network connectivity predicts cognitive impairment after acute mild traumatic brain injury
The neural bases of argumentative reasoning.
Children with developmental coordination disorder show altered functional connectivity compared to peers
Reduced neural selectivity for mental states in deaf children with delayed exposure to sign language
Recursive music elucidates neural mechanisms supporting the generation and detection of melodic hierarchies
Morphology of the criminal brain: gray matter reductions are linked to antisocial behavior in offenders
Altered core networks of brain connectivity and personality traits in internet gaming disorder
The influence of microsatellite polymorphisms in sex steroid receptor genes ESR1, ESR2 and AR on sex differences in brain structure
Association between duration of breastfeeding based on maternal reports and dorsal and ventral striatum and medial orbital gyrus volumes in early adolescence.
Cortical signatures in behaviorally clustered autistic traits subgroups: a population-based study
Autism and Beauty: Neural Correlates of Aesthetic Experiences in Autism Spectrum Disorder
Effect of Vestibular Rehabilitation on Spontaneous Brain Activity in Patients With Vestibular Migraine: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Functional Connectivity within and beyond the Face Network Is Related to Reduced Discrimination of Degraded Faces in Young and Older Adults.
Differential activation of the visual word form area during auditory phoneme perception in youth with dyslexia.
Subjective reward value of visual sexual stimuli is coded in human striatum and orbitofrontal cortex.
Sharpened self-other distinction in attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.
Sexual cues alter working memory performance and brain processing in men with compulsive sexual behavior
Change in Functional Brain Activation Patterns Induced by Olfactory Stimulation in Multiple Sclerosis
Aberrant Executive Control and Auditory Networks in Recent-Onset Schizophrenia
Medial Orbitofrontal De-Activation During Tonic Cold Pain Stimulation: A fMRI Study Examining the Opponent-Process Theory
Shared and distinct functional networks for empathy and pain processing: a systematic review and meta-analysis of fMRI studies
Altered Structural Brain Networks Related to Adrenergic/Muscarinic Receptor Autoantibodies in Chronic Fatigue Syndrome.
Emojis influence autobiographical memory retrieval from reading words: An fMRI-based study
Neural mechanisms of deception in a social context: an fMRI replication study
Altered Intrinsic Functional Connectivity of the Primary Visual Cortex in Patients with Corneal Ulcer: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Intermittent Theta-Burst Stimulation Over the Suprahyoid Muscles Motor Cortex Facilitates Increased Degree Centrality in Healthy Subjects
Aberrant Brain Spontaneous Activity and Synchronization in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Patients: A Resting-State Functional MRI Study
Sexual Abuse in Adolescents Is Associated With Atypically Increased Responsiveness Within Regions Implicated in Self-Referential and Emotional Processing to Approaching Animate Threats
Interactions between decision-making and emotion in behavioral-variant frontotemporal dementia and Alzheimer’s disease
Functional dissociation of hippocampal subregions corresponding to memory types and stages
Altered brain language network in idiopathic peripheral facial paralysis patients with dysarthria
Network level characteristics in the emotion recognition network after unilateral temporal lobe surgery.
Use of multi-flip angle measurements to account for transmit inhomogeneity and non-Gaussian diffusion in DW-SSFP.
Lifetime sport practice and brain metabolism in Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
Emotion self-regulation training in major depressive disorder using simultaneous real-time fMRI and EEG neurofeedback
Resting state differences between successful and unsuccessful restrained eaters.
Voxel-Based Morphometry Reveals a Correlation Between Bone Mineral Density Loss and Reduced Cortical Gray Matter Volume in Alzheimer’s Disease
Dynamic Language Network in Early and Late Cantonese–Mandarin Bilinguals
Childhood assaultive trauma and physical aggression: Links with cortical thickness in prefrontal and occipital cortices
The Sustained Attention to Response Task Shows Lower Cingulo-Opercular and Frontoparietal Activity in People with Narcolepsy Type 1: An fMRI Study on the Neural Regulation of Attention
Brain Imaging Study on the Pathogenesis of Depression & Therapeutic Effect of Selective Serotonin Reuptake Inhibitors
The insula, a grey matter of tastes: a volumetric MRI study in dementia with Lewy bodies
Trait and state anxiety are mapped differently in the human brain
Consensus Paper: Cerebellum and Social Cognition
Negative content enhances stimulus‐specific cerebral activity during free viewing of pictures, faces, and words
Cerebellar - Premotor cortex interactions underlying visuomotor adaptation.
Males are more sensitive to reward and less sensitive to loss than females among people with internet gaming disorder: fMRI evidence from a card-guessing task
Spatial migration of human reward processing with functional development: Evidence from quantitative meta‐analyses
Eyes wide shut: How visual cues affect brain patterns of simulated gait
Intracranial-EEG evidence for medial temporal pole driving amygdala activity induced by multi-modal emotional stimuli.
Abnormal Cerebellar Volume in Patients with Remitted Major Depression with Persistent Cognitive Deficits
Functional connectivity of the left inferior frontal gyrus during semantic priming.
Altered complexity of resting-state BOLD activity in Alzheimer’s disease-related neurodegeneration: a multiscale entropy analysis
Object recognition is enabled by an experience-dependent appraisal of visual features in the brain’s value system
Blue light exposure enhances neural efficiency of the task positive network during a cognitive interference task.
No title, no theme: The joined neural space between speakers and listeners during production and comprehension of multi-sentence discourse.
Altered brain function and clinical features in patients with first-episode, drug naïve major depressive disorder: A resting-state fMRI study.
Loss of frontal regulator of vigilance during sleep inertia: A simultaneous EEG‐fMRI study
Modulation of Intrinsic Brain Connectivity by Implicit Electroencephalographic Neurofeedback
Altered Granger Causal Connectivity of Resting-State Neural Networks in Patients With Leukoaraiosis-Associated Cognitive Impairment—A Cross-Sectional Study
Intra and inter: Alterations in functional brain resting‐state networks after peripheral nerve injury
Emerging atypicalities in functional connectivity of language-related networks in young infants at high familial risk for ASD
Aberrant structural connectivity in childhood maltreatment: A meta-analysis.
Identification of competing neural mechanisms underlying positive and negative perceptual hysteresis in the human visual system.
Functional connectivity fingerprints of the human pulvinar: Decoding its role in cognition.
Distinct neural substrates underlying target facilitation and distractor suppression: A combined voxel-based morphometry and resting-state functional connectivity study.
Intraparietal sulcus maintains working memory representations of somatosensory categories in an adaptive, context-dependent manner.
Non-invasive vagal nerve stimulation decreases brain activity during trauma scripts
Morphological decomposition compensates for imperfections in phonological decoding. Neural evidence from typical and dyslexic readers of an opaque orthography.
Assessment of cortical reorganization and preserved function in phantom limb pain: a methodological perspective
Neural Correlates of Phonetic Adaptation as Induced by Lexical and Audiovisual Context.
Multi-compartment relaxometry and diffusion informed myelin water imaging - Promises and challenges of new gradient echo myelin water imaging methods.
Changes of white matter microstructure after successful treatment of bipolar depression.
The concurrent disturbance of dynamic functional and structural brain connectome in major depressive disorder: the prefronto-insular pathway.
Neurobiological evidence of sexual dimorphism in limbic circuitry of US Veterans.
Regional cerebral activity abnormality in pregnant women with antenatal depression.
Depression is associated with hyperconnectivity of an introspective socio-affective network during the recall of formative relationship episodes.
Alterations of regional homogeneity in Parkinson's disease with "pure" apathy: A resting-state fMRI study.
Increased Proinflammatory Cytokines, Executive Dysfunction, and Reduced Gray Matter Volumes In First-Episode Bipolar Disorder and Major Depressive Disorder.
Functional connectivity of the prefrontal cortex and amygdala is related to depression status in major depressive disorder.
Cognitive and Emotional Empathy in Young Adolescents: an fMRI Study
Differences in the amplitude of low‐frequency fluctuation between methamphetamine and heroin use disorder individuals: A resting‐state fMRI study
Sense of external agency is sustained by multisensory functional integration in the somatosensory cortex
Co-exposure risks of pesticides residues and bacterial contamination in fresh fruits and vegetables under smallholder horticultural production systems in Tanzania
Increased anticipatory brain response to pleasant touch in women remitted from bulimia nervosa
Shared functional neural substrates in Parkinson's disease and drug-induced parkinsonism: association with dopaminergic depletion
Improving Real-Time Brain State Classification of Motor Imagery Tasks During Neurofeedback Training
Fine-grain atlases of functional modes for fMRI analysis.
The Relationship between Side of Onset and Cerebral Regional Homogeneity in Parkinson's Disease: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Disrupted default mode network dynamics in recuperative patients of herpes zoster pain
Behavioural cue reactivity to alcohol-related and non-alcohol-related stimuli among individuals with alcohol use disorder: An fMRI study with a visual task
What are the neural correlates of meta-cognition and anosognosia in Alzheimer's disease? A systematic review
Expected value and sensitivity to punishment modulate insular cortex activity during risky decision making
Neural responses to negative facial emotions: Sex differences in the correlates of individual anger and fear traits
Reduction of somatosensory functional connectivity by transcranial alternating current stimulation at endogenous mu-frequency.
Characterizing the analgesic effects of real and imagined acupuncture using functional and structure MRI.
Altered structural connectivity and cytokine levels in Schizophrenia and Genetic high-risk individuals: Associations with disease states and vulnerability.
Hippocampal Dysconnectivity and Altered Glutamatergic Modulation of the Default Mode Network: A Combined Resting-State Connectivity and Magnetic Resonance Spectroscopy Study in Schizophrenia.
Altered Temporal Dynamic Intrinsic Brain Activity in Late Blindness
Activation of cerebellum and basal ganglia during the observation and execution of manipulative actions
Differential functional dysconnectivity of caudate nucleus subdivisions in Parkinson’s disease
Through the looking glass: Distinguishing neural correlates of relational and non-relational self-reference and person representation.
Cognitive remediation and brain connectivity: A resting-state fMRI study in patients with schizophrenia.
Altered Function of Superior Parietal Lobule Associated with Perceptive Awareness in First-Episode Drug-Naïve Panic Disorders: A Preliminary fMRI Study
Associations of [18F]-APN-1607 Tau PET Binding in the Brain of Alzheimer’s Disease Patients With Cognition and Glucose Metabolism
Functional Near-Infrared Spectroscopy Indicates That Asymmetric Right Hemispheric Activation in Mental Rotation of a Jigsaw Puzzle Decreases With Task Difficulty
Effects of an APOE Promoter Polymorphism on Fronto-Parietal Functional Connectivity During Nondemented Aging
Neural Correlates of Transient Mal de Debarquement Syndrome: Activation of Prefrontal and Deactivation of Cerebellar Networks Correlate With Neuropsychological Assessment
Amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations on Alzheimer’s disease with depression: evidence from resting-state fMRI
Prediction on treatment improvement in depression with resting state connectivity: A coordinate-based meta-analysis.
Spinach in the teeth: How ego- and allocentric perspectives modulate neural correlates of embarrassment in the face of others' public mishaps.
Applying dimensional psychopathology: transdiagnostic associations among regional homogeneity, leptin and depressive symptoms
An fMRI study of error monitoring in Montessori and traditionally-schooled children
Brain voxel-based morphometry correlates of emotion dysregulation in attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder.
Different patterns of functional and structural alterations of hippocampal sub-regions in subcortical vascular mild cognitive impairment with and without depression symptoms.
Relationships between gross motor skills, cardiovascular fitness, and visuospatial working memory-related brain activation in 8- to 10-year-old children
BOLD activity during emotion reappraisal positively correlates with dietary self-control success
The neural networks underlying reappraisal of empathy for pain
The neural basis of metacognitive monitoring during arithmetic in the developing brain
Private–public mappings in human prefrontal cortex
The vibrational response of simulated Ginkgo biloba fruit based on their frequency spectrum characteristics
Lasting consequences of concussion on the aging brain: Findings from the Baltimore Longitudinal Study of Aging
Impact of couple conflict and mediation on how romantic partners are seen: An fMRI study.
Metacognition in individuals recovered from anorexia nervosa: a voxel-based morphometry study.
Altered functional connectivity during evaluation of self-relevance in women with borderline personality disorder
Succeeding in deactivating: associations of hair zinc levels with functional and structural neural mechanisms
Altered spontaneous brain activity patterns in diabetic patients with vitreous hemorrhage using amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation: A resting-state fMRI study
A voxel-based analysis of cerebral blood flow abnormalities in obsessive-compulsive disorder using pseudo-continuous arterial spin labeling MRI
Noxious pressure stimulation demonstrates robust, reliable estimates of brain activity and self-reported pain
Neural signatures of prosocial behaviors.
The abnormal reward network associated with insomnia severity and depression in chronic insomnia disorder.
Common and specific neural correlates underlying insight and ordinary problem solving.
Effects of emotional maltreatment on semantic network activity during cognitive reappraisal.
Decreased cortical thickness of left premotor cortex as a treatment predictor in major depressive disorder.
Spontaneous thought-related network connectivity predicts sertraline effect on major depressive disorder.
Deficits in ascending and descending pain modulation pathways in patients with postherpetic neuralgia.
Processing communicative facial and vocal cues in the superior temporal sulcus.
Increased resting state functional irregularity of T2DM brains with high HbA1c: sign for impaired verbal memory function?
Altered spatiotemporal consistency of corticolimbic circuitry in euthymic pediatric bipolar disorder.
Child neurobiology impacts success in family-based behavioral treatment for children with obesity
Aberrant Functional and Causal Connectivity in Acute Tinnitus With Sensorineural Hearing Loss
Heart Rate Variability as an Index of Differential Brain Dynamics at Rest and After Acute Stress Induction
Structural Covariance Network Disruption and Functional Compensation in Parkinson’s Disease
Increased Dynamic Amplitude of Low Frequency Fluctuation in Primary Insomnia
Heightened neural sensitivity to social exclusion in boys with a history of low peer preference during primary school
Neural processes during adolescent risky decision making are associated with conformity to peer influence
Sex Differences in Internalizing Symptoms and Amygdala Functional Connectivity in Neurotypical Youth
Hippocampal Representation of Threat Features and Behavior in a Human Approach–Avoidance Conflict Anxiety Task
A Pilot Adaptive Neurofeedback Investigation of the Neural Mechanisms of Implicit Emotion Regulation Among Women With PTSD
Increased Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuation in Right Angular Gyrus and Left Superior Occipital Gyrus Negatively Correlated With Heroin Use
Heterogeneity of EEG resting-state brain networks in absolute pitch.
Common and distinct functional stability abnormalities across three major psychiatric disorders
Pain Processing in Older Adults and Its Association with Prefrontal Characteristics
Reduced Gray Matter Volume and Risk of Falls in Parkinson’s Disease with Dementia Patients: A Voxel-Based Morphometry Study
Altered hypothalamic functional connectivity in post-traumatic headache after mild traumatic brain injury
Brain functional connectivity during storage based on resting state functional magnetic resonance imaging with synchronous urodynamic testing in healthy volunteers.
The cerebral tremor circuit in a patient with Holmes tremor
Functional Dysconnectivity of Frontal Cortex to Striatum Predicts Ketamine Infusion Response in Treatment-Resistant Depression
Disconnection of the right superior parietal lobule from the precuneus is associated with memory impairment in oldest-old Alzheimer's disease patients
Diagnostic classification of autism using resting-state fMRI data improves with full correlation functional brain connectivity compared to partial correlation.
Levodopa Changes Functional Connectivity Patterns in Subregions of the Primary Motor Cortex in Patients With Parkinson’s Disease
Brain Metabolisms Involved in Self-Reported Quality of Mobility in Parkinson’s Disease
Modulation of Brain Functional Connectivity and Efficiency During an Endurance Cycling Task: A Source-Level EEG and Graph Theory Approach
The modulating impact of cigarette smoking on brain structure in panic disorder: a voxel-based morphometry study
Familiarity with children improves the ability to recognize children’s mental states: an fMRI study using the Reading the Mind in the Eyes Task and the Nencki Children Eyes Test
Changes in the topological organization of the default mode network in autism spectrum disorder.
Neurobiological effects of perceived stress are different between adolescents and middle-aged adults
Thalamus is a common locus of reading, arithmetic, and IQ: Analysis of local intrinsic functional properties.
Intrinsic functional brain connectivity patterns underlying enhanced interoceptive sensibility.
Fractional amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation (fALFF) alterations in young depressed patients with suicide attempts after cognitive behavioral therapy and antidepressant medication cotherapy: A resting-state fMRI study.
Cortical plasticity in phantom limb pain: A fMRI study on the neural correlates of behavioral clinical manifestations.
Disrupted dynamic functional connectivity in right amygdalar subregions differentiates bipolar disorder from major depressive disorder.
Dissociations in cortical thickness and surface area in non-comorbid never-treated patients with social anxiety disorder
A parietal region processing numerosity of observed actions: An FMRI study
Resting state auditory-language cortex connectivity is associated with hallucinations in clinical and biological subtypes of psychotic disorders
Attention and Capacity Limits in Perception: A Cellular Metabolism Account
Impaired naming performance in temporal lobe epilepsy: language fMRI responses are modulated by disease characteristics
Altered resting-state network connectivity in panic disorder: an independent ComponentAnalysis.
Effect of DAOA genetic variation on white matter alteration in corpus callosum in patients with first-episode schizophrenia.
Contiguity of proactive and reactive inhibitory brain areas: a cognitive model based on ALE meta-analyses
Altered dynamics of functional connectivity density associated with early and advanced stages of motor training in tennis and table tennis athletes.
Autonomic responses to emotional linguistic stimuli and amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations predict outcome after severe brain injury
Neuroimaging-Based Scalp Acupuncture Locations for Dementia
Effects of l-theanine–caffeine combination on sustained attention and inhibitory control among children with ADHD: a proof-of-concept neuroimaging RCT
Hyperconnectivity and High Temporal Variability of the Primary Somatosensory Cortex in Low-Back-Related Leg Pain: An fMRI Study of Static and Dynamic Functional Connectivity
Using a Data-Driven Approach to Estimate Second-Language Proficiency From Brain Activation: A Functional Near-Infrared Spectroscopy Study
The influence of contextual constraint on verbal selection mechanisms and its neural correlates in Parkinson's disease.
The acute effects of cannabidiol on the neural correlates of reward anticipation and feedback in healthy volunteers
Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Connectivity Between Semantic and Phonological Regions of Interest May Inform Language Targets in Aphasia
Electrophysiological correlates of focused attention on low- and high-distressed tinnitus
Functional MRI study of language organization in left-handed and right-handed trilingual subjects
Neural capacity limits on the responses to memory interference during working memory in young and old adults
Static and Dynamic Changes of Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuations in Cervical Discogenic Pain
Occupational Neuroplasticity in the Human Brain: A Critical Review and Meta-Analysis of Neuroimaging Studies
Interactive mapping of language and memory with the GE2REC protocol
Global Brain Involvement in Posterior Cortical Atrophy: Multimodal MR Imaging Investigation.
Dyad sex composition effect on inter-brain synchronization in face-to-face cooperation.
Processing of Different Temporal Scales in the Human Brain.
Deactivation of anterior cingulate cortex during virtual social interaction in obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Dissociating Arithmetic Operations in the Parietal Cortex Using 1 Hz Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation: The Importance of Strategy Use
Persistent Differences in Brain Structure in Developmental Dyscalculia: A Longitudinal Morphometry Study
Alterations of Spontaneous Brain Activity in Hemodialysis Patients
Lesion Topography Impact on Shoulder Abduction and Finger Extension Following Left and Right Hemispheric Stroke
Regional Hurst Exponent Reflects Impulsivity-Related Alterations in Fronto-Hippocampal Pathways Within the Waiting Impulsivity Network
The Neural Correlates of Face-Voice-Integration in Social Anxiety Disorder
Effects of Chronic Pharmacological Treatment on Functional Brain Network Connectivity in Patients with Schizophrenia.
Longitudinal changes in resting state networks in early presymptomatic carriers of C9orf72 expansions
Sleep quality relates to emotional reactivity via intracortical myelination
Open eyes and closed eyes elicit different temporal properties of brain functional networks.
Attention control processes that prioritise task execution may come at the expense of incidental memory encoding.
Interaction of Catechol‐O‐methyltransferase Val158Met polymorphism and sex influences association of parietal intrinsic functional connectivity and immediate verbal memory
Abnormal Fractional Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuation Changes in Patients with Monocular Blindness: A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) Study
Amygdala Circuitry During Neurofeedback Training and Symptoms’ Change in Adolescents With Varying Depression
Enhancement of visual biological motion recognition in early-deaf adults: Functional and behavioral correlates
A meta-analytic approach to mapping co-occurrent grey matter volume increases and decreases in psychiatric disorders.
Neurocognitive impact of ketamine treatment in major depressive disorder: A review on human and animal studies.
Mapping of pathological change in chronic fatigue syndrome using the ratio of T1- and T2-weighted MRI scans
MRI-Based Multimodal Approach to the Assessment of Clinical Symptom Severity of Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder
Neural arbitration between social and individual learning systems
Children with dyslexia utilize both top-down and bottom-up networks equally in contextual and isolated word reading.
An integrative model of network activity during episodic memory retrieval and a meta-analysis of fMRI studies on source memory retrieval.
Is obesity related to enhanced neural reactivity to visual food cues? A review and meta-analysis
Electronic structure and photophysics of a supermolecular iron complex having a long MLCT-state lifetime and panchromatic absorption
Neural plasticity secondary to carpal tunnel syndrome: a pseudo-continuous arterial spin labeling study
Dysregulation of oxytocin and dopamine in the corticostriatal circuitry in bipolar II disorder
How ovarian hormones influence the behavioral activation and inhibition system through the dopamine pathway
Assessing the role of the amygdala in fear of pain: Neural activation under threat of shock.
Gender Differences Are Encoded Differently in the Structure and Function of the Human Brain Revealed by Multimodal MRI
Alterations Functional Connectivity in Temporal Lobe Epilepsy and Their Relationships With Cognitive Function: A Longitudinal Resting-State fMRI Study
Effect of a High-Intensity Tandem Bicycle Exercise Program on Clinical Severity, Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging, and Plasma Biomarkers in Parkinson's Disease
Pain Control by Co-adaptive Learning in a Brain-Machine Interface
Test–retest of a phoria adaptation stimulus-induced functional MRI experiment
Obeying orders reduces vicarious brain activation towards victims' pain.
Alterations in power spectral density in motor- and pain-related networks on neuropathic pain after spinal cord injury
Neural activations during self-related processing in patients with chronic pain and effects of a brief self-compassion training - A pilot study.
Association between white matter impairment and cognitive dysfunction in patients with ischemic Moyamoya disease
The role of left vs. right superior temporal gyrus in speech perception: An fMRI-guided TMS study.
Identification of the Cognitive Interference Effect Related to Stroop Stimulation: Using Dynamic Causal Modeling of Effective Connectivity in Functional Near-Infrared Spectroscopy (fNIRS)
Brain Functional Mechanisms in Attentional Processing Following Modified Conflict Stroop Task
The effects of nicotine and cannabis co-use during adolescence and young adulthood on white matter cerebral blood flow estimates.
Individual variability of olfactory fMRI in normosmia and olfactory dysfunction
Dynamic Properties of Human Default Mode Network in Eyes-Closed and Eyes-Open.
Investigating cerebellar neural function in schizophrenia using delay eyeblink conditioning: A pilot fMRI study.
Effective connectivity of the right anterior insula in schizophrenia: The salience network and task-negative to task-positive transition
Effectiveness and cerebral responses of multi-points acupuncture for primary insomnia: a preliminary randomized clinical trial and fMRI study
The neural correlates of the visual consciousness in schizophrenia: an fMRI study
Abnormal dynamic resting-state brain network organization in auditory verbal hallucination
Working memory training restores aberrant brain activity in adult attention‐deficit hyperactivity disorder
Reliability map of individual differences reflected in inter-subject correlation in naturalistic imaging.
Examining the value of body gestures in social reward contexts
Decrease in amygdala activity during repeated exposure to spider images predicts avoidance behavior in spider fearful individuals
Smaller Volume in Left-Lateralized Brain Structures Correlates with Greater Experience of Negative Non-target Emotions in Neurodegenerative Diseases.
Neural representational similarity between L1 and L2 in spoken and written language processing
Altered Spontaneous Brain Activity Patterns in Patients After Lasik Surgery Using Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuation: A Resting-State Functional MRI Study
Altered Functional Connectivity Density in Young Survivors of Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia Using Resting-State fMRI
Differential functional connectivity in thalamic and dopaminergic pathways in restless legs syndrome: a meta-analysis
Cortical thinning pattern according to differential nigrosome involvement in patients with Parkinson’s disease
Aging-Sensitive Networks Within the Human Structural Connectome Are Implicated in Late-Life Cognitive Declines.
Semantics-weighted lexical surprisal modeling of naturalistic functional MRI time-series during spoken narrative listening.
Neural sensitivity to conflicting attitudes supports greater conformity toward positive over negative influence in early adolescence
Reduced Activation in the Pallidal-Thalamic-Motor Pathway Is Associated With Deficits in Reward-Modulated Inhibitory Control in Adults With a History of Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder.
Leptomeningeal Enhancement on 3D-FLAIR MRI in Multiple Sclerosis: Systematic Observations in Clinical Practice.
Increased Recruitment of Domain-General Neural Networks in Language Processing Following Intensive Language-Action Therapy: fMRI Evidence From People With Chronic Aphasia
Effectiveness of Semantic Encoding Strategy Training after Traumatic Brain Injury is Correlated with Frontal Brain Activation Change
Influences of affective context on amygdala functional connectivity during cognitive control from adolescence through adulthood
Multilayer MEG functional connectivity as a potential marker for suicidal thoughts in major depressive disorder
Altered default mode network functional connectivity in individuals with co-occurrence of schizotypy and obsessive-compulsive traits.
White Matter Microstructure in Individuals With and At Risk for Bipolar Disorder: Evidence for an Endophenotype From a Voxel-Based Meta-analysis.
Structural Alterations in Deep Brain Structures in Type 1 Diabetes
Imaging the "social brain" in schizophrenia: A systematic review of neuroimaging studies of social reward and punishment.
The role of the l-IPS in the comprehension of reversible and irreversible sentences: an rTMS study
A meta‐analysis of functional magnetic resonance imaging studies of divergent thinking using activation likelihood estimation
Nonlinear engagement of action observation network underlying action anticipation in players with different levels of expertise
Quality of sleep predicts increased frontoparietal network connectivity in patients with mild cognitive impairment.
Acquisition Duration in Resting-State Arterial Spin Labeling. How Long Is Enough?
Ventral Caudate and Anterior Insula Recruitment During Value Estimation of Passionate Rewarding Cues
Abnormal Spontaneous Neural Activity in Parkinson’s Disease With “pure” Apathy
Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus May Exacerbate Gray Matter Atrophy in Patients With Early-Onset Mild Cognitive Impairment
Neural Working Memory Changes During a Spaceflight Analog With Elevated Carbon Dioxide: A Pilot Study
Antero-Posterior vs. Lateral Vestibular Input Processing in Human Visual Cortex
Resting State Cortico-Limbic Functional Connectivity and Dispositional Use of Emotion Regulation Strategies: A Replication and Extension Study
Predicting Performances on Processing and Memorizing East Asian Faces from Brain Activities in Face-Selective Regions: A Neurocomputational Approach
Neural Processes Underlying Mirror-Induced Visual Illusion: An Activation Likelihood Estimation Meta-Analysis
Maintenance vs. Manipulation in Auditory Verbal Working Memory in the Elderly: New Insights Based on Temporal Dynamics of Information Processing in the Millisecond Time Range
Classification and Graphical Analysis of Alzheimer's Disease and Its Prodromal Stage Using Multimodal Features From Structural, Diffusion, and Functional Neuroimaging Data and the APOE Genotype
Assessing Cognitive Abilities of Patients With Shift Work Disorder: Insights From RBANS and Granger Causality Connections Among Resting-State Networks
Abnormal Spontaneous Brain Activity in Left-Onset Parkinson Disease: A Resting-State Functional MRI Study
A Study of the Relationship Between Uric Acid and Substantia Nigra Brain Connectivity in Patients With REM Sleep Behavior Disorder and Parkinson's Disease
Functional connectivity of the anterior cingulate cortex in Veterans with mild traumatic brain injury.
Cue-elicited functional connectivity of the periaqueductal gray and tonic cocaine craving.
Altered Default Mode Network and Salience Network Functional Connectivity in Patients with Generalized Anxiety Disorders: An ICA-Based Resting-State fMRI Study
Common and gender‐specific associations with cocaine use on gray matter volume: Data from the ENIGMA addiction working group
Phonological and surface dyslexia in individuals with brain tumors: Performance pre‐, intra‐, immediately post‐surgery and at follow‐up
Brain plasticity after peripheral nerve injury treatment with massage therapy based on resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging
Altered coupling between resting‐state glucose metabolism and functional activity in epilepsy
BNST and amygdala activation to threat: Effects of temporal predictability and threat mode.
A comparison of Freesurfer and multi-atlas MUSE for brain anatomy segmentation: Findings about size and age bias, and inter-scanner stability in multi-site aging studies.
Cortical iron disrupts functional connectivity networks supporting working memory performance in older adults
One season of head-to-ball impact exposure alters functional connectivity in a central autonomic network
FMRI activation to cannabis odor cues is altered in individuals at risk for a cannabis use disorder
Neural Responses to Reward in a Gambling Task: Sex Differences and Individual Variation in Reward-Driven Impulsivity
Simulating a Computational Biological Model, Rather Than Reading, Elicits Changes in Brain Activity during Biological Reasoning
Central encoding of the strength of intranasal chemosensory trigeminal stimuli in a human experimental pain setting
Response to SSRI intervention and amygdala activity during self-referential processing in major depressive disorder.
Involvement of the dentate nucleus in the pathophysiology of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis: A multi-center and multi-modal neuroimaging study
Longitudinal changes of amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations in MDD patients: A 6-month follow-up resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Brain functional abnormalities in the amygdala subregions is associated with anxious depression.
Neural processing of olfactory-related words in subjects with congenital and acquired olfactory dysfunction
Differences in brain structure and function in children with the FTO obesity‐risk allele
The Assessment of Brain Functional Changes in the Temporal Lobe Epilepsy Patient with Cognitive Impairment by Resting-state Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging
Brain activation and connectivity in anorexia nervosa and body dysmorphic disorder when viewing bodies: relationships to clinical symptoms and perception of appearance.
Emotion reactivity-related brain network analysis in generalized anxiety disorder: a task fMRI study
Neural processes for live pro-social dialogue between dyads with socioeconomic disparity
Altered gray matter structural covariance networks at both acute and chronic stages of mild traumatic brain injury.
Intrinsic low-frequency oscillation changes in multiple-frequency bands in stable patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
The Neurophysiology of Implicit Alcohol Associations in Recently Abstinent Patients With Alcohol Use Disorder: An Event‐Related Potential Study Considering Gender Effects
Hippocampus plays a role in speech feedback processing.
Lateralized effects of post-learning transcranial direct current stimulation on motor memory consolidation in older adults: An fMRI investigation.
The relationship between methods of scoring the alternate uses task and the neural correlates of divergent thinking: Evidence from voxel-based morphometry.
Stimulus-specific information is represented as local activity patterns across the brain.
Toward a connectivity gradient-based framework for reproducible biomarker discovery.
Grey matter changes in Meige syndrome: a voxel-based morphology analysis
Altered Intrinsic Brain Activities in Patients with Diabetic Retinopathy Using Amplitude of Low-frequency Fluctuation: A Resting-state fMRI Study
Akinetic rigid symptoms are associated with decline in a cortical motor network in Parkinson’s disease
Brain network topology predicts participant adherence to mental training programs
Dynamic frontostriatal functional peak connectivity (in alcohol use disorder)
Partial Similarity Reveals Dynamics in Brainstem-Midbrain Networks during Trigeminal Nociception
Orbitofrontal cortex grey matter volume is related to children’s depressive symptoms
Structural abnormalities associated with poor outcome of a major depressive episode: The role of thalamus.
Reduced Brainstem Volume After Mild Traumatic Brain Injury
The interaction of relational encoding and unitization: Effects on medial temporal lobe processing during retrieval.
Segregation, connectivity, and gradients of deactivation in neural correlates of evidence in social decision making.
Neural Substrates of Working Memory Updating.
Attentional deployment training impacts neural responses to subsequent regret.
Psychopathy is associated with fear-specific reductions in neural activity during affective perspective-taking
Cortical Function in Acute Severe Traumatic Brain Injury and at Recovery: A Longitudinal fMRI Case Study
Effects of Maternal Fish Oil and/or 5-Methyl-Tetrahydrofolate Supplementation during Pregnancy on Offspring Brain Resting-State at 10 Years Old: A Follow-Up Study from the NUHEAL Randomized Controlled Trial
Abnormal degree centrality in end-stage renal disease (ESRD) patients with cognitive impairment: a resting-state functional MRI study.
Negative Impact of Sadness on Response Inhibition in Females: An Explicit Emotional Stop Signal Task fMRI Study
Aberrant Resting-State Brain Function in Adolescent Depression
Gray Matter Alterations in Parkinson's Disease With Rapid Eye Movement Sleep Behavior Disorder: A Meta-Analysis of Voxel-Based Morphometry Studies
Predicting Motor Imagery Performance From Resting-State EEG Using Dynamic Causal Modeling
Functional Alterations in Resting-State Visual Networks in High-Tension Glaucoma: An Independent Component Analysis
Disrupted Functional Network Connectivity Predicts Cognitive Impairment in Presbycusis Patients
Attention and Functional Connectivity Among Patients With Early-Stage Subcortical Ischemic Vascular Disease and Alzheimer’s Disease
Meranzin hydrate elicits antidepressant effects and restores reward circuitry.
Personal familiarity of music and its cerebral effect on subsequent speech processing
Increased cerebral blood flow is correlated with neurocognitive impairment in long-term hemodialysis patients: an arterial spin labeling MRI study.
The MIR137 VNTR rs58335419 Is Associated With Cognitive Impairment in Schizophrenia and Altered Cortical Morphology
Estrogen, brain structure, and cognition in postmenopausal women
Abnormal neurite orientation dispersion and density imaging of white matter in children with primary nocturnal enuresis
Cross-sectional exploration of brain functional connectivity in the triadic development model of adolescents.
Greater BOLD Variability is Associated With Poorer Cognitive Function in an Adult Lifespan Sample
Longitudinal functional connectivity changes related to dopaminergic decline in Parkinson’s disease
Neural mechanisms of persistent avoidance in OCD: A novel avoidance devaluation study
Beneficial effects of cerebellar tDCS on motor learning are associated with altered putamen-cerebellar connectivity: A simultaneous tDCS-fMRI study.
Disruption of the structural and functional connectivity of the frontoparietal network underlies symptomatic anxiety in late-life depression
Multiple markers contribute to risk of progression from normal to mild cognitive impairment.
A single dose of cannabidiol modulates medial temporal and striatal function during fear processing in people at clinical high risk for psychosis
Development of Print-Speech Integration in the Brain of Beginning Readers With Varying Reading Skills
Brain Activation During Visually Guided Finger Movements
Gray Matter Changes in Adolescents Participating in a Meditation Training
Disrupted Regional Homogeneity in Drug-Naive Patients With Bipolar Disorder
The relationship between cortisol reactivity and emotional brain function is differently moderated by childhood trauma, in bipolar disorder, schizophrenia and healthy individuals.
Modulation of visual processing of food by transcutaneous vagus nerve stimulation (tVNS)
Associations between stress exposure and new mothers’ brain responses to infant cry sounds
Neural correlates of verbal working memory in children with epilepsy with centro-temporal spikes
Impaired effective functional connectivity of the sensorimotor network in interictal episodic migraineurs without aura
Duration Selectivity in Right Parietal Cortex Reflects the Subjective Experience of Time
Ketamine modulates fronto-striatal circuitry in depressed and healthy individuals
Cortical responses to whole‐body balance perturbations index perturbation magnitude and predict reactive stepping behavior
First-person body view modulates the neural substrates of episodic memory and autonoetic consciousness: A functional connectivity study.
Shape and Volumetric Differences in the Corpus Callosum between Patients with Major Depressive Disorder and Healthy Controls
Voxel-based morphometry and task functional magnetic resonance imaging in essential tremor: evidence for a disrupted brain network
Visual and Semantic Representations Predict Subsequent Memory in Perceptual and Conceptual Memory Tests.
Altered long‐ and short‐range functional connectivity density associated with poor sleep quality in patients with chronic insomnia disorder: A resting‐state fMRI study
Hemodynamic modeling of long-term aspirin effects on blood oxygenated level dependent responses at 7 Tesla in patients at cardiovascular risk.
Shaky scaffolding: Age differences in cerebellar activation revealed through activation likelihood estimation meta‐analysis
Cognitive Decline and White Matter Integrity Degradation in Myotonic Dystrophy Type I.
How the effects of actions become our own
Choosing to view morbid information involves reward circuitry
Individual differences in fear acquisition: multivariate analyses of different emotional negativity scales, physiological responding, subjective measures, and neural activation
Altered Brainstem Pain-Modulation Circuitry Connectivity During Spontaneous Pain Intensity Fluctuations
Distinct mechanisms drive hemispheric lateralization of object recognition in the visual word form and fusiform face areas.
Aberrant functional connectivity in resting state networks of ADHD patients revealed by independent component analysis
Prefrontal activation in suicide attempters during decision making with emotional feedback
Effect of acute physical exercise on motor sequence memory
Brain structural changes in CADASIL patients: A morphometric magnetic resonance imaging study.
Common and distinct neural substrates of sentence production and comprehension.
Modeling and analyzing neural signals with phase variability using Fisher-Rao registration.
Left hemisphere abnormalities in developmental prosopagnosia when looking at faces but not words
Thinking fast or slow? Functional magnetic resonance imaging reveals stronger connectivity when experienced neurologists diagnose ambiguous cases
Oxytocin and elderly MRI-based hippocampus and amygdala volume: a 7-year follow-up study
Neural correlates of polygenic risk score for autism spectrum disorders in general population
Working memory training increases neural efficiency in Parkinson’s disease: a randomized controlled trial
Sex-Dependent Effects of the APOE ɛ4 Allele on Behavioral Traits and White Matter Structures in Young Adults
Neurofunctional abnormalities in antisocial spectrum: A meta-analysis of fMRI studies on Five distinct neurocognitive research domains.
Cortical gray matter progression in idiopathic REM sleep behavior disorder and its relation to cognitive decline☆
Neural correlates of subjective arousal and valence in health and panic disorder.
Effects of Age on Prestimulus Neural Activity Predictive of Successful Memory Encoding: An fMRI Study.
Theory of Mind Following the Violation of Strong and Weak Prior Beliefs.
Neural modelling of the semantic predictability gain under challenging listening conditions
Dynamic Neural Interactions Supporting the Cognitive Reappraisal of Emotion.
Neuroanatomical changes associated with age-related hearing loss and listening effort
NeuroMark: An automated and adaptive ICA based pipeline to identify reproducible fMRI markers of brain disorders
Obesity is associated with reduced orbitofrontal cortex volume: A coordinate-based meta-analysis
Abnormal Regional Spontaneous Neural Activity in Nonarteritic Anterior Ischemic Optic Neuropathy: A Resting-State Functional MRI Study
Common and separable neural alterations in substance use disorders: A coordinate‐based meta‐analyses of functional neuroimaging studies in humans
Neural correlates of verbal recognition memory in obese adults with and without major depressive disorder
Altered amplitude of low‐frequency fluctuations and regional homogeneity in drug‐resistant epilepsy patients with vagal nerve stimulators under different current intensity
Resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging of high altitude patients with obstructive sleep apnoea hypopnoea syndrome
Effects of early ketamine exposure on cerebral gray matter volume and functional connectivity
Impact of Cannabis Use on Brain Structure and Function in Suppressed HIV Infection
Two Neural Networks for Laughter: A Tractography Study.
Oral contraceptive use, especially during puberty, alters resting state functional connectivity.
Approximating anatomically-guided PET reconstruction in image space using a convolutional neural network.
Fatigue in brain tumor patients, towards a neuronal biomarker
Pediatric ADHD symptom burden relates to distinct neural activity across executive function domains
Comparison of Activation Patterns in Mirror Neurons and the Swallowing Network During Action Observation and Execution: A Task-Based fMRI Study
Changes in Empathy in Patients With Chronic Low Back Pain: A Structural–Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Converging Resting State Networks Unravels Potential Remote Effects of Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation for Major Depression
Functional Connectivity Changes in Obsessive–Compulsive Disorder Correspond to Interference Control and Obsessions Severity
Functional parcellation of the right cerebellar lobule VI in children with normal or impaired reading.
Inflammation but not programmed cell death is activated in methamphetamine-dependent patients: Relevance to the brain function.
Dysregulated brain salience within a triple network model in high trait anxiety individuals: A pilot EEG functional connectivity study.
Structural white and gray matter differences in a large sample of patients with Posttraumatic Stress Disorder and a healthy and trauma-exposed control group: Diffusion tensor imaging and region-based morphometry
The Neural Mechanisms Underlying Processing Speed Deficits in Individuals Who Have Sustained a Spinal Cord Injury: A Pilot Study.
Aberrant brain functional hubs and causal connectivity in presbycusis.
Neural dynamics of pain expression processing: Alpha-band synchronization to same-race pain but desynchronization to other-race pain.
Structural brain correlates of dementia in Huntington's disease.
A Distinct Neurophenotype of Fearful Face Processing in Alcohol Use Disorder With and Without Comorbid Anxiety.
The Neural Correlates of Spoken Sentence Comprehension in the Chinese Language: An fMRI Study
Increased Right Posterior STS Recruitment Without Enhanced Directional-Tuning During Tactile Motion Processing in Early Deaf Individuals
Transcutaneous Spinal Cord Direct-Current Stimulation Modulates Functional Activity and Integration in Idiopathic Restless Legs Syndrome
Multimodal Evaluation of Neurovascular Functionality in Early Parkinson's Disease
Retained absolute pitch after selective amygdalohippocampectomy
Changes in sensorimotor regions of the cerebral cortex in congenital amusia: a case-control study
Contribution of self- and other-regarding motives to (dis)honesty
Intrinsic functional connectivity of blue and red brains: neurobiological evidence of different stress resilience between political attitudes
The Role of Frontoparietal Cortex across the Functional Stages of Visual Search.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation and magnetic resonance spectroscopy: Opportunities for a bimodal approach in human neuroscience.
Neural primacy of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in patients with obsessive-compulsive disorder
Reproducible metabolic topographies associated with multiple system atrophy: Network and regional analyses in Chinese and American patient cohorts
Deductive‐reasoning brain networks: A coordinate‐based meta‐analysis of the neural signatures in deductive reasoning
Simultaneous voxel‐wise analysis of brain and spinal cord morphometry and microstructure within the SPM framework
The personality dispositions and resting-state neural correlates associated with aggressive children
Simultaneous feedback control for joint field and motion correction in brain MRI.
Differential mirror neuron system (MNS) activation during action observation with and without social-emotional components in autism: a meta-analysis of neuroimaging studies
Abnormal brain activity patterns during spatial working memory task in patients with end-stage renal disease on maintenance hemodialysis: a fMRI study
Intonation processing increases task‐specific fronto‐temporal connectivity in tonal language speakers
Visuospatial short-term and working memory disturbance in the primary progressive aphasias: Neuroanatomical and clinical implications.
Rajyoga meditation induces grey matter volume changes in regions that process reward and happiness
Distinct Effects of Social Stress on Working Memory in Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder
Prediction of trust propensity from intrinsic brain morphology and functional connectome
A microstructural neural network biomarker for dystonia diagnosis identified by a DystoniaNet deep learning platform
Evidence of cortical thickness reduction and disconnection in high myopia
Neural Correlates of Group Versus Individual Problem Solving Revealed by fMRI
Altered Static and Dynamic Spontaneous Neural Activity in Drug-Naïve and Drug-Receiving Benign Childhood Epilepsy With Centrotemporal Spikes
Reduced feelings of regret and enhanced fronto-striatal connectivity in elders with long-term Tai Chi experience
Altered Regional Cerebral Blood Perfusion in Mild Cognitive Impairment Patients with Dizziness
Rehearsal of tactile working memory: Premotor cortex recruits two dissociable neuronal content representations
Reward function as an outcome predictor in youth with mood and anxiety symptoms.
Uncovering the locus coeruleus: Comparison of localization methods for functional analysis.
Tailored haemodynamic response function increases detection power of fMRI in awake dogs (Canis familiaris).
Rapid Cortical Plasticity Induced by Active Associative Learning of Novel Words in Human Adults
Neuroanatomical Alterations in Patients With Tinnitus Before and After Sound Therapy: A Voxel-Based Morphometry Study
Brain Plasticity in Charcot-Marie-Tooth Type 1A Patients? A Combined Structural and Diffusion MRI Study
Cerebral Functional Manipulation of Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation in Cognitive Impairment Patients After Stroke: An fMRI Study
Alterations of Functional Connectivity in Stroke Patients With Basal Ganglia Damage and Cognitive Impairment
The Effects of Music Intervention on Pallidum-DMN Circuit of Schizophrenia
Motor asymmetry related cerebral perfusion patterns in Parkinson's disease: An arterial spin labeling study
Comparative Brain Imaging Reveals Analogous and Divergent Patterns of Species and Face Sensitivity in Humans and Dogs
Brain structural and functional differences between pure menstrual migraine and menstrually-related migraine
The changed functional status of the brain was involved in patients with poststroke aphasia: Coordinate‐based (activation likelihood estimation) meta‐analysis
Vocal music enhances memory and language recovery after stroke: pooled results from two RCTs
Increased thalamic volume and decreased thalamo-precuneus functional connectivity are associated with smoking relapse.
Resting-State Functional Connectivity and Scholastic Performance in Preadolescent Children: A Data-Driven Multivoxel Pattern Analysis (MVPA)
Identification of bipolar disorder using a combination of multimodality magnetic resonance imaging and machine learning techniques
Effects of genetic variability of CYP2D6 on neural substrates of sustained attention during on-task activity
Neural mechanisms of predicting individual preferences based on group membership
Cortical thickness and functional connectivity changes in Chinese chess experts
Economic threat heightens conflict detection: sLORETA evidence
Sensitivity of functional connectivity to periaqueductal gray localization, with implications for identifying disease-related changes in chronic visceral pain: A MAPP Research Network neuroimaging study
Altered Brain Activity and Functional Connectivity in Unilateral Sudden Sensorineural Hearing Loss
Childhood trauma is associated with elevated anhedonia and altered core reward circuitry in major depression patients and controls
The neural basis for mental state attribution: A voxel‐based lesion mapping study
Influence of Multiple Cardiovascular Risk Factors on Task-Switching in Older Adults: An fMRI Study
Application of voxel-based morphometric method to detect brain changes in children with non-cyanotic congenital heart disease
More restriction, more overeating: conflict monitoring ability is impaired by food-thought suppression among restrained eaters.
How attitudes generated by humanoid robots shape human brain activity
Intrinsic non-hub connectivity predicts human inter-temporal decision-making.
Bifrontal electroconvulsive therapy changed regional homogeneity and functional connectivity of left angular gyrus in major depressive disorder.
Cortical thickness and surface area of left anterior temporal areas affects processing of phonological cues to morphosyntax.
Neural bases of inhibitory control: Combining transcranial magnetic stimulation and magnetic resonance imaging in alcohol-use disorder patients.
Sustained effects of pleasant and unpleasant smells on resting state brain activity.
Examining cognitive control and reward interactions in adolescent externalizing symptoms.
Linking Pain Sensation to the Autonomic Nervous System: The Role of the Anterior Cingulate and Periaqueductal Gray Resting-State Networks
Mapping the Interactive Effects of ApoE Gene Polymorphism on Caudate Functional Connectivity in Mild Cognitive Impairment Associated With Parkinson’s Disease
Behavioral and Neural Correlates of Cognitive Training and Transfer Effects in Stroke Patients
Grey matter volume and structural covariance associated with schizotypy.
Dynamic alterations of spontaneous neural activity in patients with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Functional connectivity alterations associated with literacy difficulties in early readers.
Altered thalamic connectivity in insomnia disorder during wakefulness and sleep
Integrated metastate functional connectivity networks predict change in symptom severity in clinical high risk for psychosis
Distinct fronto-temporal substrates of distributional and taxonomic similarity among words: evidence from RSA of BOLD signals.
A Sound Explanation for Motor Cortex Engagement during Action Word Comprehension.
Augmenting Frontal Dopamine Tone Enhances Maintenance over Gating Processes in Working Memory.
Impaired left amygdala resting state functional connectivity in subthreshold depression individuals
I am happy for us: Neural processing of vicarious joy when winning for parents versus strangers
Distinct influence of parental occupation on cortical thickness and surface area in children and adolescents: Relation to self‐esteem
The neural correlates of semantic control revisited
Brain substrates explain differences in the adoption and degree of financial digitalization
Fusiform Activity Distinguishes Between Subjects With Low and High Xenophobic Attitudes Toward Refugees
No Words for Feelings? Not Only for My Own: Diminished Emotional Empathic Ability in Alexithymia
Sex Differences in Neural Responses to the Perception of Social Interactions
Unaltered Brain GABA Concentrations and Resting fMRI Activity in Functional Dyspepsia With and Without Comorbid Depression
Enhanced Connectivity of Thalamo-Cortical Networks in First-Episode, Treatment-Naive Somatization Disorder
Dynamic neural circuit disruptions associated with antisocial behaviors
Polymorphisms of the μ‐opioid receptor gene influence cerebral pain processing in fibromyalgia
Effects of simultaneous real-time fMRI and EEG neurofeedback in major depressive disorder evaluated with brain electromagnetic tomography
Network-level functional connectivity alterations in chemotherapy treated breast cancer patients: a longitudinal resting state functional MRI study
Neuroprotective Effects of Motherhood on Brain Function in Late Life: A Resting-State fMRI Study.
Dynamic Neural Network Changes Revealed by Voxel-Based Functional Connectivity Strength in Left Basal Ganglia Ischemic Stroke
Altered Cerebellar-Cerebral Circuits in Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus
Altered Functional Hubs and Connectivity in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Without Mild Cognitive Impairment
Right Lateralized Brain Reserve Offsets Age-Related Deficits in Ignoring Distraction
Shared and distinct global signal topography disturbances in subcortical and cortical networks in human epilepsy
Supramodal neural networks support top‐down processing of social signals
Brain connectivity and behavioral changes in a spaceflight analog environment with elevated CO.
FDG-PET hypermetabolism is associated with higher tau-PET in mild cognitive impairment at low amyloid-PET levels
The impact of a multi-domain intervention on cerebral glucose metabolism: analysis from the randomized ancillary FDG PET MAPT trial
Common and distinct patterns of intrinsic brain activity alterations in major depression and bipolar disorder: voxel-based meta-analysis
Altered amygdala-based functional connectivity in individuals with attenuated psychosis syndrome and first-episode schizophrenia
Identification of selection and inhibition components in a Go/NoGo task from EEG spectra using a machine learning classifier
Attenuated self-serving bias in people with internet gaming disorder is related to altered neural activity in subcortical-cortical midline structures
Conservative and liberal attitudes drive polarized neural responses to political content.
Subtle executive deficits are associated with higher brain amyloid burden and lower cortical volume in subjective cognitive decline: the FACEHBI cohort
Effective Connectivity Study Guiding the Neuromodulation Intervention in Figurative Language Comprehension Using Optical Neuroimaging
Evaluating a novel MR‐compatible foot pedal device for unipedal and bipedal motion: Test–retest reliability of evoked brain activity
Alterations of brain activity and functional connectivity in transition from acute to chronic tinnitus
Brain structure correlates of expected social threat and reward
Abnormal Spatial Patterns of Intrinsic Brain Activity in Osteonecrosis of the Femoral Head: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Task-related brain activity and functional connectivity in upper limb dystonia: a functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) and functional near-infrared spectroscopy (fNIRS) study
Structural and functional alterations in untreated patients with major depressive disorder and bipolar disorder experiencing first depressive episode: A magnetic resonance imaging study combined with follow-up.
Negative Parenting Affects Adolescent Internalizing Symptoms Through Alterations in Amygdala-Prefrontal Circuitry: A Longitudinal Twin Study.
Outcomes at 6 months are related to brain structural and white matter microstructural reorganization in idiopathic tinnitus patients treated with sound therapy
Multimodal imaging of brain reorganization in hearing late learners of sign language
Connectome-Based Predictive Modeling of Creativity Anxiety.
The neural network underpinning social feedback contingent upon one's action: An fMRI study.
The contribution of phonological information to visual word recognition: Evidence from Chinese phonetic radicals.
Neurofunctional Components of Simple Calculation: A Magnetoencephalography Study.
Neural Substrates of Brand Love: An Activation Likelihood Estimation Meta-Analysis of Functional Neuroimaging Studies
Reduced Global-Brain Functional Connectivity of the Cerebello-Thalamo-Cortical Network in Patients With Dry Eye Disease
Altered Brain Functional Connectivity Density in Fast-Ball Sports Athletes With Early Stage of Motor Training
Changes in Brain Function Networks in Patients With Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Aberrant Advanced Cognitive and Attention-Related Brain Networks in Parkinson's Disease with Freezing of Gait
When a sentence loses semantics: Selective involvement of a left anterior temporal subregion in semantic processing.
Expecting social punishment facilitates control over a decision under uncertainty by recruiting medial prefrontal cortex
Correlated Brain Indexes of Semantic Prediction and Prediction Error: Brain Localization and Category Specificity
Altered Brain Function in Cerebral Small Vessel Disease Patients With Gait Disorders: A Resting-State Functional MRI Study
Neural correlates of standing imagery and execution in Parkinsonian patients: The relevance to striatal dopamine dysfunction
Quantitative Identification of Functional Connectivity Disturbances in Neuropsychiatric Lupus Based on Resting-State fMRI: A Robust Machine Learning Approach
The role of anterior and posterior insula in male genital response and in visual attention: an exploratory multimodal fMRI study
Effects of rTMS Treatment on Cognitive Impairment and Resting-State Brain Activity in Stroke Patients: A Randomized Clinical Trial
Structural Neural Correlates of Double Decision Performance in Older Adults
Volumetric Abnormalities in Violent Schizophrenia Patients on the General Psychiatric Ward
Functional neuroanatomy of language without speech: An ALE meta‐analysis of sign language
A universal reading network and its modulation by writing system and reading ability in French and Chinese children
The role of frontal-subcortical connectivity in the relation between coping styles and reactivity and downregulation of negative emotion.
Correlates of intelligence via resting-state functional connectivity of the amygdala in healthy adults.
The pathoconnectivity network analysis of the insular cortex: A morphometric fingerprinting.
Dynamic Alterations of Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuations in Patients With Drug-Naïve First-Episode Early Onset Schizophrenia
Lower-Limb Sensorimotor Deprivation-Related Brain Activation in Patients With Chronic Complete Spinal Cord Injury
Mapping Progressive Gray Matter Alterations in Early Childhood Autistic Brain.
The imprint of childhood adversity on emotional processing in high functioning young adults.
Gender identity better than sex explains individual differences in episodic and semantic components of autobiographical memory: An fMRI study.
Sonication of the anterior thalamus with MRI-Guided transcranial focused ultrasound (tFUS) alters pain thresholds in healthy adults: A double-blind, sham-controlled study
Male sexual orientation, gender nonconformity, and neural activity during mental rotations: an fMRI study
Visual word form processing deficits driven by severity of reading impairments in children with developmental dyslexia
Interrelations between dopamine and serotonin producing sites and regions of the default mode network
Neural sensitivity to phonological characteristics is stable across the lifespan
The brain signature of emerging reading in two contrasting languages.
Neurobiological predictors for clinical trajectories in fully remitted depressed patients
Neural Dynamics of Improved Bimodal Attention and Working Memory in Musically Trained Children
Functional Alterations in the Posterior Insula and Cerebellum in Migraine Without Aura: A Resting-State MRI Study
Neural Correlates of Stepping in Healthy Elderly: Parietal and Prefrontal Cortex Activation Reflects Cognitive-Motor Interference Effects
Does Cardiorespiratory Fitness Influence the Effect of Acute Aerobic Exercise on Executive Function?
Brain Responses to Food Odors Associated With BMI Change at 2-Year Follow-Up
Altered Intrinsic Brain Activity and Functional Connectivity Before and After Knee Arthroplasty in the Elderly: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Altered Functional Integration in the Salience and Default Mode Networks in Euthymic Pediatric Bipolar Disorder
Personality Differences of Brain Networks in Placebo Analgesia and Nocebo Hyperalgesia: A Psychophysiological Interaction (PPI) Approach in fMRI
The effects of sound therapy in tinnitus are characterized by altered limbic and auditory networks
Difficulties with Speech-in-Noise Perception Related to Fundamental Grouping Processes in Auditory Cortex
Orienting Attention to Short-Term Memory Representations via Sensory Modality and Semantic Category Retro-Cues
Emotional regulation neural circuitry abnormalities in adult bipolar disorder: dissociating effects of long-term depression history from relationships with present symptoms
Emotional face processing across neurodevelopmental disorders: a dynamic faces study in children with autism spectrum disorder, attention deficit hyperactivity disorder and obsessive-compulsive disorder
Greater hippocampal gray matter volume in subjective hyperosmia: a voxel-based morphometry study
No effect of a dopaminergic modulation fMRI task by amisulpride and L-DOPA on reward anticipation in healthy volunteers
Pharmacological fMRI provides evidence for opioidergic modulation of discrimination of facial pain expressions
Localised Grey Matter Atrophy in Multiple Sclerosis and Clinically Isolated Syndrome—A Coordinate-Based Meta-Analysis, Meta-Analysis of Networks, and Meta-Regression of Voxel-Based Morphometry Studies
Intrinsic brain activity associated with eye gaze during mother–child interaction
Dysfunction in superior frontal gyrus associated with diphasic dyskinesia in Parkinson’s disease
Exploring the hormonal and neural correlates of paternal protective behavior to their infants
fMRI in Bell's Palsy: Cortical Activation is Associated with Clinical Status in the Acute and Recovery Phases.
Gender‐related difference in altered fractional amplitude of low‐frequency fluctuations after electroacupuncture on primary insomnia patients: A resting‐state fMRI study
Modulation of premotor cortex response to sequence motor learning during escitalopram intake
Brain networks involved in place recognition based on personal and spatial semantics.
Distraction decreases rIFG-putamen connectivity during goal-directed effort for food rewards
Intrinsic functional connectivity alterations of the primary visual cortex in patients with proliferative diabetic retinopathy: a seed-based resting-state fMRI study
Emotion processing and regulation in major depressive disorder: A 7T resting‐state fMRI study
Neural Correlates of Temporal Presentness in the Precuneus: A Cross-linguistic fMRI Study based on Speech Stimuli.
Diminished cortical response to risk and loss during risky decision making in alcohol use disorder.
Practice modality of motor sequences impacts the neural signature of motor imagery
Alcohol-related context modulates neural correlates of inhibitory control in alcohol dependent patients: Preliminary data from an fMRI study using an alcohol-related Go/NoGo-task.
Large-scale brain networks underlying non-spatial attention updating: Towards understanding the function of the temporoparietal junction.
Delta resting-state functional connectivity in the cognitive control network as a prognostic factor for maintaining abstinence: An eLORETA preliminary study.
Meta-Analysis of white matter diffusion tensor imaging alterations in borderline personality disorder.
NIRS measures in pain and analgesia: Fundamentals, features, and function.
Visual similarity and psychological closeness are neurally dissociable in the brain response to vicarious pain.
Frontolimbic brain volume abnormalities in bipolar disorder with suicide attempts.
Acute exercise, memory, and neural activation in young adults.
Longitudinal change in executive function is associated with impaired top-down frontolimbic regulation during reappraisal in older adults
Cortical reorganization after motor stroke: A pilot study on differences between the upper and lower limbs
Disorder-specific brain volumetric abnormalities in Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder relative to Autism Spectrum Disorder
Exploration of Functional Connectivity Changes Previously Reported in Fibromyalgia and Their Relation to Psychological Distress and Pain Measures
High schizotypy traits are associated with reduced hippocampal resting state functional connectivity.
Both activation and deactivation of functional networks support increased sentence processing costs.
Brain Activations and Functional Connectivity Patterns Associated with Insight-Based and Analytical Anagram Solving
Detection of Simulated Tactile Gratings by Electro-Static Friction Show a Dependency on Bar Width for Blind and Sighted Observers, and Preliminary Neural Correlates in Sighted Observers
Altered Functional Network Associated With Cognitive Performance in Early Parkinson Disease Measured by Eigenvector Centrality Mapping
Cognitive Fatigue Is Associated with Altered Functional Connectivity in Interoceptive and Reward Pathways in Multiple Sclerosis
Spontaneous brain state oscillation is associated with self-reported anxiety in a non-clinical sample
A voxel-wise meta-analysis of task-based functional MRI studies on impaired gain and loss processing in adults with addiction
Interpersonal brain synchronization under bluffing in strategic games
Tracking resting-state functional connectivity changes and mind wandering: A longitudinal neuroimaging study.
Independent Contributions of Dorsolateral Prefrontal Structure and Function to Working Memory in Healthy Older Adults.
Frequency-specific altered global signal topography in drug-naïve first-episode patients with adolescent-onset schizophrenia.
White matter hyperintensities and risks of cognitive impairment and dementia: A systematic review and meta-analysis of 36 prospective studies.
Probing the relevance of the hippocampus for conflict-induced memory improvement
Callosal anisotropy predicts attentional network changes after parietal inhibitory stimulation.
Fronto-cerebellar connectivity mediating cognitive processing speed.
Neural correlates of post-retrieval monitoring in older adults are preserved under divided attention, but are decoupled from memory performance.
Transition From Sublexical to Lexico-Semantic Stimulus Processing
Effects of Autonomous Sensory Meridian Response on the Functional Connectivity as Measured by Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging
Trait Respect Is Linked to Reduced Gray Matter Volume in the Anterior Temporal Lobe
Effects of Sleep Deprivation on Working Memory: Change in Functional Connectivity Between the Dorsal Attention, Default Mode, and Fronto-Parietal Networks
White Matter Neuroplasticity: Motor Learning Activates the Internal Capsule and Reduces Hemodynamic Response Variability
Effects of Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation on Brain Networks Related to Creative Thinking
Cortico-Hippocampal Brain Connectivity-Guided Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation Enhances Face-Cued Word-Based Associative Memory in the Short Term
Neural Correlates of Repetition Priming: A Coordinate-Based Meta-Analysis of fMRI Studies
Shared Neural Substrates Underlying Reading and Visual Matching: A Longitudinal Investigation
White Matter Integrity Is Associated With the Amount of Physical Activity in Older Adults With Super-aging
Functional MRI-Specific Alterations in Executive Control Network in Mild Cognitive Impairment: An ALE Meta-Analysis
Regular Tai Chi Practice Is Associated With Improved Memory as Well as Structural and Functional Alterations of the Hippocampus in the Elderly
Aging Impacts the Overall Connectivity Strength of Regions Critical for Information Transfer Among Brain Networks
Dysfunction of the Prefrontal Cortex in Betel-Quid–Dependent Chewers
Enhanced Prefrontal Regional Homogeneity and Its Correlations With Cognitive Dysfunction/Psychopathology in Patients With First-Diagnosed and Drug-Naive Schizophrenia
Associations Between Altered Cerebral Activity Patterns and Psychosocial Disorders in Patients With Psychogenic Erectile Dysfunction: A Mediation Analysis of fMRI
Abnormal Intrinsic Brain Activity and Neuroimaging-Based fMRI Classification in Patients With Herpes Zoster and Postherpetic Neuralgia
Stimulus-Based Extinction Generalization: Neural Correlates and Modulation by Cortisol
Natural bladder filling alters resting brain function at multiple spatial scales: a proof-of-concept MAPP Network Neuroimaging Study
Modulation of neural oscillations during working memory update, maintenance, and readout: An hdEEG study
Dynamic Content Reactivation Supports Naturalistic Autobiographical Recall in Humans
The Function of the Hippocampus in Bridging Functional and Temporal Discontiguity
Intrinsic Brain Abnormalities in Patients with Hepatitis C Virus Infection with Cognitive Impairment: A Preliminary Resting-State fMRI Study
Altered functional connectivity of the amygdala and its subregions in typhoon‐related post‐traumatic stress disorder
Functional connectivity with the anterior and posterior hippocampus during spatial memory.
Examining the relationship between gray matter volume and a continuous measure of bipolarity in unmedicated unipolar and bipolar depression.
Functional Connectivity Density with Frequency-Dependent Changes in Patients with Diffuse Axonal Injury: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Aberrant amplitude low-frequency fluctuation (ALFF) and regional homogeneity (ReHo) in generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) and their roles in predicting treatment remission
Relationship between self-defeating humor and the Gray matter volume in the orbital frontal cortex: the moderating effect of divergent thinking.
Reorganization of functional brain network architecture in chronic osteoarthritis pain
Does photobiomodulation influence the resting-state brain networks in young human subjects?
Game-based learning environments affect frontal brain activity
The Neural Processes Interlinking Social Isolation, Social Support, and Problem Alcohol Use
Effects of Cognitive Training in Mild Cognitive Impairmentmeasured by Resting State Functional Imaging
The verbal, non-verbal and structural bases of functional communication abilities in aphasia
Lying posture affects sleep structures and cortical activities: a simultaneous EEG-fMRI imaging of the sleeping and waking brain.
Neural Indicators Of Food Cue Reactivity, Regulation, And Valuation And Their Associations With Body Composition And Daily Eating Behavior.
The influence of prior intention on joint action: an fNIRS-based hyperscanning study
Reliability, sensitivity, and predictive value of fMRI during multiple object tracking as a marker of cognitive training gain in combination with tDCS in stroke survivors
Questioning the role of amygdala and insula in an attentional capture by emotional stimuli task
Neural mechanisms of reward and loss processing in a low-income sample of at-risk adolescents
Aberrant voxel-based degree centrality in Parkinson's disease patients with mild cognitive impairment.
Gender differences of amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations in bipolar disorder: A resting state fMRI study.
Characteristics of resting-state functional connectivity in older adults after the PICMOR intervention program: a preliminary report
Regional and network neural activity reflect men’s preference for greater socioeconomic status during impression formation
Functional reorganization of the reading network in the course of foreign language acquisition.
Prenatal stress exposure and multimodal assessment of amygdala–medial prefrontal cortex connectivity in infants
Signatures of brain plasticity supporting language recovery after perinatal arterial ischemic stroke.
Neural mechanisms of language learning from social contexts.
Distinct neural substrates of individual differences in components of reading comprehension in adults with or without dyslexia.
Fronto-temporal brain activity and connectivity track implicit attention to positive and negative social words in a novel socio-emotional Stroop task.
Facial and neural mechanisms during interactive disclosure of biographical information
Functional topography of anger and aggression in the human cerebellum.
Investigation of sensorimotor dysfunction in Parkinson disease by resting-state fMRI.
Frequency-specific alterations of the frontal-cerebellar circuit in first-episode, drug-naive somatization disorder.
In vivo gradients of thalamic damage in paediatric multiple sclerosis: a window into pathology.
Lower cognitive reappraisal capacity is related to impairments in attachment and personality structure in poly-drug use: an fMRI study
The Neurobiology of Semantic Processing in Autism Spectrum Disorder: An Activation Likelihood Estimation Analysis.
Childhood neglect is associated with corticostriatal circuit dysfunction in bipolar disorder adults.
Functional Interplay Between Posterior Parietal Cortex and Hippocampus During Detection of Memory Targets and Non-targets
Alterations in Degree Centrality and Functional Connectivity in Parkinson’s Disease Patients With Freezing of Gait: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Cue-Reactivity Among Young Adults With Problematic Instagram Use in Response to Instagram-Themed Risky Behavior Cues: A Pilot fMRI Study
Enhanced bodily states of fear facilitates bias perception of fearful faces
Rostral middle frontal gyrus thickness mediates the relationship between genetic risk and neuroticism trait.
Altered Brain Network Centrality in Patients with Adult Strabismus with Amblyopia: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging (fMRI) Study
Lasting effects of cognitive emotion regulation: neural correlates of reinterpretation and distancing
Autistic traits are associated with the functional connectivity of between—but not within—attention systems in the general population
Mild traumatic brain injury is associated with effect of inflammation on structural changes of default mode network in those developing chronic pain
Default mode network subsystem alterations in bipolar disorder during major depressive episode.
Labeling Emotional Stimuli in Early Childhood Predicts Neural and Behavioral Indicators of Emotion Regulation in Late Adolescence.
Dual n-back training improves functional connectivity of the right inferior frontal gyrus at rest
White matter hyperintensities at critical crossroads for executive function and verbal abilities in small vessel disease
Support vector machine-based classification of schizophrenia patients and healthy controls using structural magnetic resonance imaging from two independent sites
Cerebellar-limbic neurocircuit is the novel biosignature of physio-cognitive decline syndrome
The Amygdala Network for Processing Itch in Human Brains
In silico prediction of ARB resistance: A first step in creating personalized ARB therapy
Relationship between neural responses to stress and mental health symptoms in psychogenic nonepileptic seizures after traumatic brain injury.
Gray and white matter abnormalities in primary trigeminal neuralgia with and without neurovascular compression
Multi-level assessment of obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) reveals relations between neural and neurochemical levels
Differential Brain Activity in Regions Linked to Visuospatial Processing During Landmark-Based Navigation in Young and Healthy Older Adults
Neural Correlates of Theory of Mind in Autism Spectrum Disorder, Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder, and the Comorbid Condition
Alterations in gray matter volumes and intrinsic activity in the prefrontal cortex are associated with suicide attempts in patients with bipolar disorder.
Abnormal functional connectivity based on nodes of the default mode network in first-episode drug-naive early-onset schizophrenia.
Distinct grey matter volume alterations in adult patients with panic disorder and social anxiety disorder: A systematic review and voxel-based morphometry meta-analysis.
Blunted prefrontal signature of proactive inhibitory control in cocaine use disorder.
Cortical Complexity in People at Ultra-High-Risk for Psychosis Moderated by Childhood Trauma
Testing the reinforcement learning hypothesis of social conformity
Increased functional connectivity supports language performance in healthy aging despite gray matter loss.
The neural mechanism of aesthetic judgments of dynamic landscapes: an fMRI study
Increased pSTS activity and decreased pSTS-mPFC connectivity when processing negative social interactions.
Habenula Connectivity and Intravenous Ketamine in Treatment-Resistant Depression
The Modulatory Role of Cortisol in the Regulation of Sexual Behavior in Young Males
Functional Connectivity of Successful Picture-Naming: Age-Specific Organization and the Effect of Engaging in Stimulating Activities
Preferentially Disrupted Core Hubs Within the Default-Mode Network in Patients With End-Stage Renal Disease: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Reconfiguration of Directed Functional Connectivity Among Neurocognitive Networks with Aging: Considering the Role of Thalamo-Cortical Interactions.
Beneficial effects of autologous mesenchymal stem cell transplantation in active progressive multiple sclerosis.
Pupil Dilation during Reward Anticipation Is Correlated to Depressive Symptom Load in Patients with Major Depressive Disorder
Orbitofrontal-Striatal Structural Alterations Linked to Negative Symptoms at Different Stages of the Schizophrenia Spectrum.
Neural evidence for cognitive reappraisal as a strategy to alleviate the effects of math anxiety
Association between brain morphometry and aerobic fitness level and sex in healthy emerging adults
Intrinsic connectivity of anterior temporal lobe relates to individual differences in semantic retrieval for landmarks.
Amygdala connectivity during emotional face perception in psychotic disorders.
Control of response interference: caudate nucleus contributes to selective inhibition
Identification of common neural substrates with connectomic abnormalities in four major psychiatric disorders: A connectome-wide association study
Neural Correlates of Emotion Regulation in Adolescents and Emerging Adults: A Meta-analytic Study.
Altered regional homogeneity in patients with diabetic vitreous hemorrhage
Stereotypes bias face perception via orbitofrontal–fusiform cortical interaction
Differential spatial patterns of structural connectivity of amygdala nuclei with orbitofrontal cortex
Brain activity predicts future learning success in intensive second language listening training.
Domain-specific functional coupling between dorsal and ventral systems during action perception
The neural basis of gambling disorder: An activation likelihood estimation meta-analysis.
Altered regional homogeneity and functional brain networks in Type 2 diabetes with and without mild cognitive impairment
Predicting visual working memory with multimodal magnetic resonance imaging
Distinguishing the neural mechanism of attentional control and working memory in feature-based attentive tracking.
The neural basis underlying the relation between the action identification level and delay discounting: The medial and orbital frontal cortex functional connectivity with the precuneus.
Changing Faces: Dynamic Emotional Face Processing in Autism Spectrum Disorder Across Childhood and Adulthood.
Partial and Total Sleep Deprivation Interferes With Neural Correlates of Consolidation of Fear Extinction Memory.
Brain Structures Associated With Individual Differences in Somatic Symptoms and Emotional Distress in a Healthy Sample
Brain Activity Associated With Regulating Food Cravings Predicts Changes in Self-Reported Food Craving and Consumption Over Time
SSRI Treatment Response Prediction in Depression Based on Brain Activation by Emotional Stimuli
Mapping neural activity patterns to contextualized fearful facial expressions onto callous-unemotional (CU) traits: intersubject representational similarity analysis reveals less variation among high-CU adolescents
Brain activation after nasal histamine provocation in house dust mite allergic rhinitis patients
Probing the role of the right inferior frontal gyrus during Pain‐Related empathy processing: Evidence from fMRI and TMS
Functional organisation for verb generation in children with developmental language disorder
Concurrent brain structural and functional alterations in patients with migraine without aura: an fMRI study
Leveraging the effector independent nature of motor imagery when it is paired with physical practice
Predicting the outcome of non-pharmacological treatment for patients with dementia-related mild cognitive impairment
Abnormal amplitude of spontaneous low-frequency fluctuation in children with growth hormone deficiency: A resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Brain Activity during Visual and Auditory Word Rhyming Tasks in Cantonese–Mandarin–English Trilinguals
Spatial attention modulates earliest visual processing: An electrical neuroimaging study
Altered brain network centrality in middle‐aged patients with retinitis pigmentosa: A resting‐state functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Examining volumetric gradients based on the frustum surface ratio in the brain in autism spectrum disorder
A dynamic causal model on self-regulation of aversive emotion
Altered Resting-State Connectivity with Pain-Related Expectation Regions in Female Patients with Severe Knee Osteoarthritis
Actual and Imagined Movements Reveal a Dual Role of the Insular Cortex for Motor Control.
The alteration of cognitive function networks in remitted patients with major depressive disorder: an independent component analysis.
Functional imaging of the brainstem during visually-guided motor control reveals visuomotor regions in the pons and midbrain
Error-signaling in the developing brain
Structural complexity is negatively associated with brain activity: a novel multimodal test of compensation theories of aging.
Gray matter volume alterations associated with suicidal ideation and suicide attempts in patients with mood disorders
Neural Basis of Increased Cognitive Control of Impulsivity During the Mid-Luteal Phase Relative to the Late Follicular Phase of the Menstrual Cycle
Abnormal Spontaneous Brain Activities of Limbic-Cortical Circuits in Patients With Dry Eye Disease
Intrinsic Connectivity Networks in the Self- and Other-Referential Processing
The Neural Correlates of Visual and Auditory Cross-Modal Selective Attention in Aging
Functional Connectivity Correlates of Perceived Financial Exploitation in Older Adults
Overcoming Rest-Task Divide-Abnormal Temporospatial Dynamics and Its Cognition in Schizophrenia.
Brain plasticity dynamics during tactile Braille learning in sighted subjects: Multi-contrast MRI approach.
SEPIA-Susceptibility mapping pipeline tool for phase images.
Gray matter declines with age and hearing loss, but is partially maintained in tinnitus
Movement errors during skilled motor performance engage distinct prediction error mechanisms
Extended‐amygdala intrinsic functional connectivity networks: A population study
Maximal aerobic capacity is associated with hippocampal cognitive reserve in older adults with amnestic mild cognitive impairment.
The steady-state visual evoked potential (SSVEP) reflects the activation of cortical object representations: evidence from semantic stimulus repetition
Neural endophenotypes and predictors of laryngeal dystonia penetrance and manifestation
History of conditioned reward association disrupts inhibitory control: an examination of neural correlates.
Effects of phase regression on high-resolution functional MRI of the primary visual cortex.
Eye gaze patterns and functional brain responses during emotional face processing in adolescents with conduct disorder
Neuroimaging the emotional modulation of urge inhibition in Tourette Syndrome.
Expert Programmers Have Fine-Tuned Cortical Representations of Source Code
Using functional connectivity changes associated with cognitive fatigue to delineate a fatigue network
Social cognition in the blind brain: A coordinate‐based meta‐analysis
Unique deficit in embodied simulation in autism: An fMRI study comparing autism and developmental coordination disorder
Intrasubject functional connectivity related to self‐generated thoughts
Expected Valence Predicts Choice in a Recurrent Decision Task
Comparing the Impact of Laparoscopic Sleeve Gastrectomy and Gastric Cancer Surgery on Resting-State Brain Activity and Functional Connectivity
Association Between Trait Empathy and Resting Brain Activity in Women With Primary Dysmenorrhea During the Pain and Pain-Free Phases
Analysis of Interictal Epileptiform Discharges in Mesial Temporal Lobe Epilepsy Using Quantitative EEG and Neuroimaging
Changed functional connectivity at rest in functional illiterates after extensive literacy training
Prior Reward Conditioning Dampens Hippocampal and Striatal Responses during an Associative Memory Task.
Neurobiobehavioral responses to virtual social rejection in females—exploring the influence of oxytocin
Repeatability of Neural and Autonomic Responses to Acute Psychosocial Stress
Characterization of the Meal-Stimulated Incretin Response and Relationship With Structural Brain Outcomes in Aging and Alzheimer’s Disease
Single-Trial EEG Connectivity of Default Mode Network Before and During Encoding Predicts Subsequent Memory Outcome
Spinal Manipulative Therapy Alters Brain Activity in Patients With Chronic Low Back Pain: A Longitudinal Brain fMRI Study
On the Relationship Between White Matter Structure and Subjective Pain. Lessons From an Acute Surgical Pain Model
Think Hard or Think Smart: Network Reconfigurations After Divergent Thinking Associate With Creativity Performance
Distinct Brain Functional Impairment Patterns Between Suspected Non-Alzheimer Disease Pathophysiology and Alzheimer’s Disease: A Study Combining Static and Dynamic Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging
Effects of Smoking on Regional Homogeneity in Mild Cognitive Impairment: A Resting-State Functional MRI Study
Disrupted Regional Cerebral Blood Flow and Functional Connectivity in Pontine Infarction: A Longitudinal MRI Study
Voxel-Based Meta-Analysis of Gray Matter Abnormalities in Multiple System Atrophy
Effects of Chronic Tinnitus on Metabolic and Structural Changes in Subjects With Mild Cognitive Impairment
Modeling Social Sensory Processing During Social Computerized Cognitive Training for Psychosis Spectrum: The Resting-State Approach
Does Chronic Cannabis Use Impact Risky Decision-Making: An Examination of fMRI Activation and Effective Connectivity?
Preoperative Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation in Glioma Patients: A Proof of Concept Pilot Study
Reliability of neural food cue-reactivity in participants with obesity undergoing bariatric surgery: a 26-week longitudinal fMRI study
Examining prefrontal contributions to past- and future-oriented memory disturbances in daily life in dementia.
Parcellation‐based anatomic modeling of the default mode network
Parcellation of the human amygdala using recurrence quantification analysis.
DIKA-Nets: Domain-invariant knowledge-guided attention networks for brain skull stripping of early developing macaques.
The relationship between resting-state functional connectivity, antidepressant discontinuation and depression relapse
Divergent relationship between brain structure and cognitive functioning in patients with prominent negative symptomatology.
Temporal-thalamic and cingulo-opercular connectivity in people with schizophrenia
Neuroimaging correlates of emotional response-inhibition discriminate between young depressed adults with and without sub-threshold bipolar symptoms (Emotional Response-inhibition in Young Depressed Adults).
Letter fluency in 7-8-year-old children is related to the anterior, but not posterior, ventral occipito-temporal cortex during an auditory phonological task
The effects of the functional interplay between the Default Mode and Executive Control Resting State Networks on cognitive outcome in preterm born infants at 6 months of age.
The Effects of Intranasal Oxytocin on Neural and Behavioral Responses to Social Touch in the Form of Massage
Altered Gray Matter Volume and Functional Connectivity in Human Immunodeficiency Virus-Infected Adults
Neural Substrates of Food Valuation and Its Relationship With BMI and Healthy Eating in Higher BMI Individuals
Prefrontal Cortex and Amygdala Subregion Morphology Are Associated With Obesity and Dietary Self-control in Children and Adolescents
Individual Differences in Brain Responses: New Opportunities for Tailoring Health Communication Campaigns
Gray Matter Volume and Functional Connectivity in Hypochondriasis: A Magnetic Resonance Imaging and Support Vector Machine Analysis
Aberrant Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuations in Different Frequency Bands in Patients With Parkinson’s Disease
Interaction Between Smoking and Internet Gaming Disorder on Spontaneous Brain Activity
Brain activity during a post-stress working memory task differs between the hormone-present and hormone-absent phase of hormonal contraception
Brain activation during social cognition predicts everyday perspective-taking: A combined fMRI and ecological momentary assessment study of the social brain
An fMRI investigation of the relations between Extraversion, internalizing psychopathology, and neural activation following reward receipt in the Human Connectome Project sample
Some like it, some do not: behavioral responses and central processing of olfactory–trigeminal mixture perception
Morphological and functional variability in central and subcentral motor cortex of the human brain
Where does fear originate in the brain? A coordinate-based meta-analysis of explicit and implicit fear processing.
Intrinsic, dynamic and effective connectivity among large-scale brain networks modulated by oxytocin.
Odorant-induced brain activation as a function of normal aging and Alzheimer's disease: A preliminary study.
Neural correlates of resilience to the effects of hippocampal atrophy on memory
Cerebral amyloid accumulation is associated with distinct structural and functional alterations in the brain of depressed elders with mild cognitive impairment.
GAMER MRI: Gated-attention mechanism ranking of multi-contrast MRI in brain pathology.
Antipsychotic Effects on Cortical Morphology in Schizophrenia and Bipolar Disorders
Abnormal Regional Spontaneous Brain Activity and Its Indirect Effect on Spasm Ratings in Patients With Hemifacial Spasm
Disrupted Amygdala Connectivity Is Associated With Elevated Anxiety in Sensorineural Hearing Loss
Abnormal Whole Brain Functional Connectivity Pattern Homogeneity and Couplings in Migraine Without Aura
Aberrant Hippocampal Network Connectivity Is Associated With Neurocognitive Dysfunction in Patients With Moderate and Severe Obstructive Sleep Apnea
Changes in Resting-State Cerebral Activity in Women With Polycystic Ovary Syndrome: A Functional MR Imaging Study
Potential Neural Mediators of Mom Power Parenting Intervention Effects on Maternal Intersubjectivity and Stress Resilience
Shared Characteristics of Intrinsic Connectivity Networks Underlying Interoceptive Awareness and Empathy
BDNF influences neural cue-reactivity to food stimuli and food craving in obesity
Modulation of neural fMRI responses to visual food cues by overeating and fasting interventions: A preliminary study
Physical activity and aerobic fitness in relation to local and interhemispheric functional connectivity in adolescents’ brains
Reduced top‐down attentional control in adolescents with generalized anxiety disorder
Brain activation patterns during visuomotor adaptation in motor experts and novices: An FDG PET study with unrestricted movements.
Social experience calibrates neural sensitivity to social feedback during adolescence: A functional connectivity approach
Exploring the neural correlates of self-related names in healthy subjects
Locus coeruleus connectivity alterations in late-life major depressive disorder during a visual oddball task
Associations between arterial stiffening and brain structure, perfusion, and cognition in the Whitehall II Imaging Sub-study: A retrospective cohort study
Upregulation of Supplementary Motor Area Activation with fMRI Neurofeedback during Motor Imagery
Heterogeneous Acupuncture Effects of Taixi (KI3) on Functional Connectivity in Healthy Youth and Elder: A Functional MRI Study Using Regional Homogeneity and Large-Scale Functional Connectivity Analysis
Establishing two principal dimensions of cognitive variation in logopenic progressive aphasia
Functional magnetic resonance imaging based on Chinese tasks to protect language function in epileptics
Cortical Thickness Estimation in Individuals With Cerebral Small Vessel Disease, Focal Atrophy, and Chronic Stroke Lesions
Distinct Changes in Global Brain Synchronization in Early-Onset vs. Late-Onset Parkinson Disease
Distinct Associations of Cognitive Impairments and Reduced Gray Matter Volumes in Remitted Patients with Schizophrenia and Bipolar Disorder
The Instant Effects of Continuous Transcutaneous Auricular Vagus Nerve Stimulation at Acupoints on the Functional Connectivity of Amygdala in Migraine without Aura: A Preliminary Study
Cerebellar contributions to cognition in corticobasal syndrome and progressive supranuclear palsy
The functional connectome predicts feeling of stress on regular days and during the COVID-19 pandemic
Cloze enough? Hemodynamic effects of predictive processing during natural reading.
You took the words right out of my mouth: Dual-fMRI reveals intra- and inter-personal neural processes supporting verbal interaction.
fMRI-Indexed neural temporal tuning reveals the hierarchical organsiation of the face and person selective network
Activation of the cognitive control network associated with information uncertainty
Neural divergence and convergence for attention to and detection of interoceptive and somatosensory stimuli.
Characterizing the impact of adversity, abuse, and neglect on adolescent amygdala resting-state functional connectivity
Neural mechanisms of acute stress and trait anxiety in adolescents
Altered Inferior Parietal Functional Connectivity is Correlated with Praxis and Social Skill Performance in Children with Autism Spectrum Disorder.
Altered spontaneous brain activity patterns in patients with neovascular glaucoma using amplitude of low‐frequency fluctuations: A functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Exploring Brain Dynamic Functional Connectivity Using Improved Principal Components Analysis Based on Template Matching.
Cerebellar correlates of visual hallucinations in Parkinson's disease and Charles Bonnet Syndrome.
Prospective Memory Deficits in Multiple Sclerosis: Voxel-based Morphometry and Double Inversion Recovery Analysis
Mechanisms Underlying Unconscious Processing and Their Alterations in Post-traumatic Stress Disorder: Neuroimaging of Zero Monetary Outcomes Contextually Framed as “No Losses” vs. “No Gains”
Increased Right Frontal Brain Activity During the Mandarin Hearing-in-Noise Test
Anodal Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation of Anterior Cingulate Cortex Modulates Subcortical Brain Regions Resulting in Cognitive Enhancement
Investigating the Impact of the Missing Significant Objects in Scene Recognition Using Multivariate Pattern Analysis
Altered Static and Dynamic Functional Connectivity of Habenula Associated With Suicidal Ideation in First-Episode, Drug-Naïve Patients With Major Depressive Disorder
Brain Activation during Memory Retrieval is Associated with Depression Severity in Women.
Ictal and interictal brain activation in episodic migraine: Neural basis for extent of allodynia
Stable inhibition-related inferior frontal hypoactivation and fronto-limbic hyperconnectivity in obsessive-compulsive disorder after concentrated exposure therapy.
Decreased grey matter in the postural control network is associated with lateral flexion of the trunk in Parkinson’s disease
Rt-fMRI neurofeedback-guided cognitive reappraisal training modulates amygdala responsivity in posttraumatic stress disorder.
Altered neural oscillations and connectivity in the beta band underlie detail-oriented visual processing in autism
Altered neural responses to social fairness in bipolar disorder
A randomized, controlled trial of alpha-rhythm EEG neurofeedback in posttraumatic stress disorder: A preliminary investigation showing evidence of decreased PTSD symptoms and restored default mode and salience network connectivity using fMRI
Investigating microstructure of white matter tracts as candidate endophenotypes of Social Anxiety Disorder – Findings from the Leiden Family Lab study on Social Anxiety Disorder (LFLSAD)
Altered functional connectivity of cortical networks in semantic variant Primary Progressive Aphasia
Brain correlates of emotional prosodic change detection in autism spectrum disorder
Differences between memory encoding and retrieval failure in mild cognitive impairment: results from quantitative electroencephalography and magnetic resonance volumetry
Functional abnormalities of striatum are related to the season-specific effect on schizophrenia.
Manic and euthymic states in pediatric bipolar disorder patients during an emotional Go/Nogo task: A functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Moving Toward versus Away from Another: How Body Motion Direction Changes the Representation of Bodies and Actions in the Visual Cortex.
Characterization of Source-Localized EEG Activity During Sustained Deep-Tissue Pain.
Neural correlates of working memory's suppression of aversive olfactory distraction effects.
Network Localization of Central Hypoventilation Syndrome in Lateral Medullary Infarction.
Intrinsic brain abnormalities of irritable bowel syndrome with diarrhea: a preliminary resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Noradrenergic correlates of chronic cocaine craving: neuromelanin and functional brain imaging
Decreased Functional Connectivity Between the Right Precuneus and Middle Frontal Gyrus Is Related to Attentional Decline Following Acute Sleep Deprivation
Individualized Prediction of PTSD Symptom Severity in Trauma Survivors From Whole-Brain Resting-State Functional Connectivity
Aggregation of Vascular Risk Factors Modulates the Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuation in Mild Cognitive Impairment Patients
Altered sense of agency in Gilles de la Tourette syndrome: behavioural, clinical and functional magnetic resonance imaging findings
The interplay of emotional and social conceptual processes during moral reasoning in frontotemporal dementia.
Anxiety in Parkinson's disease: Abnormal resting activity and connectivity.
Differential alteration of fMRI signal variability in the ascending trigeminal somatosensory and pain modulatory pathways in migraine
Dopamine Multilocus Genetic Profile, Spontaneous Activity of Left Superior Temporal Gyrus, and Early Therapeutic Effect in Major Depressive Disorder
Resting State Hypoconnectivity of Reward Networks in Binge Eating Disorder.
The hippocampal region is necessary for text comprehension and memorization: a combined VBM/DTI study in neuropsychological patients.
A study of regional homogeneity of resting-state Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging in mild cognitive impairment.
Static and dynamic functional connectivity supports the configuration of brain networks associated with creative cognition
Neurocognitive processing of infant stimuli in mothers and non-mothers: psychophysiological, cognitive and neuroimaging evidence
The effect of conscientiousness on procrastination: The interaction between the self‐control and motivation neural pathways
Neural representations of imagined speech revealed by frequency-tagged magnetoencephalography responses.
Accelerated brain aging in chronic low back pain.
Salience, emotion, and attention: The neural networks underlying tinnitus distress revealed using music and rest.
Visual mental imagery engages the left fusiform gyrus, but not the early visual cortex: A meta-analysis of neuroimaging evidence.
Higher midlife CAIDE score is associated with increased brain atrophy in a cohort of cognitively healthy middle-aged individuals
First-Episode Psychotic Patients Showed Longitudinal Brain Changes Using fMRI With an Emotional Auditory Paradigm
Neural Correlates of Cognitive Dysfunctions in Cervical Spondylotic Myelopathy Patients: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Brain Motor Network Changes in Parkinson's Disease: Evidence from Meta‐Analytic Modeling
Alterations of neurometabolism in the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex and thalamus in transition to psychosis patients change under treatment as usual - A two years follow-up H/P-MR-spectroscopy study.
Perirhinal Cortex is Involved in the Resolution of Learned Approach-Avoidance Conflict Associated with Discrete Objects.
Regional brain volume predicts response to methylphenidate treatment in individuals with ADHD
Gray and white matter morphology in substance use disorders: a neuroimaging systematic review and meta-analysis
Regional homogeneity abnormalities of resting state brain activities in children with growth hormone deficiency
Functional connectivity patterns of the subgenual anterior cingulate cortex in first-episode refractory major depressive disorder.
Pattern separation beyond the hippocampus: A high-resolution whole-brain investigation of mnemonic discrimination in healthy adults.
Vicarious praise and pain: parental neural responses to social feedback about their adolescent child
Neural Correlates of Self-other Distinction in Patients with Schizophrenia Spectrum Disorders: The Roles of Agency and Hand Identity.
The brain network in support of social semantic accumulation
Multiple overlapping dynamic patterns of the visual sensory network in schizophrenia.
Neural representations of own-voice in the human auditory cortex
FMRI-based identity classification accuracy in left temporal and frontal regions predicts speaker recognition performance
Shedding light on the prefrontal correlates of mental workload in simulated driving: a functional near-infrared spectroscopy study
Reported maternal childhood maltreatment experiences, amygdala activation and functional connectivity to infant cry
Cortical morphometric changes associated with completeness, level, and duration of spinal cord injury in humans: A case–control study
Brain functional changes in perimenopausal women: an amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation study
An insula-driven network computes decision uncertainty and promotes abstinence in chronic cocaine users.
Functional connectivity in frontostriatal networks differentiate offspring of parents with substance use disorders from other high-risk youth.
Neural correlates of affective contributions to lexical decisions in children and adults
Children with euthymic bipolar disorder during an emotional go/nogo task: Insights into the neural circuits of cognitive-emotional regulation.
Brain Resources: How Semantic Cueing Works in Mild Cognitive Impairment due to Alzheimer’s Disease (MCI-AD)
Disrupted connectivity within visual, attentional and salience networks in the visual snow syndrome
Shared and unique neural circuitry underlying temporally unpredictable threat and reward processing
Spontaneous brain activity underlying auditory hallucinations in the hearing-impaired.
Brain reactivity using fMRI to insomnia stimuli in insomnia patients with discrepancy between subjective and objective sleep
Callosal abnormalities, altered cortisol levels, and neurocognitive deficits associated with early maltreatment among adolescents: A voxel‐based diffusion‐tensor imaging study
Characterizing the subtype of anhedonia in major depressive disorder: A symptom-specific multimodal MRI study.
Mapping grip force to motor networks.
Association between emotional intelligence and effective brain connectome: A large-scale spectral DCM study.
Commonalities and differences in predictive neural processing of discrete vs continuous action feedback.
Stress reduces both model-based and model-free neural computations during flexible learning.
Beyond Sharing Unpleasant Affect—Evidence for Pain-Specific Opioidergic Modulation of Empathy for Pain
Reward processing in major depressive disorder and prediction of treatment response - Neuropharm study.
Changes in Functional Connectivity of Specific Cerebral Regions in Patients with Toothache: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Reduced thalamic resting‐state functional connectivity and impaired cognition in acute abstinent heroin users
A ventral striatal prediction error signal in human fear extinction learning.
Topographic patterns of white matter hyperintensities are associated with multimodal neuroimaging biomarkers of Alzheimer’s disease
Neurovascular coupling alterations in type 2 diabetes: a 5-year longitudinal MRI study
Operant and classical learning principles underlying mind–body interaction in pain modulation: a pilot fMRI study
Upward and downward comparisons across monetary and status domains
Identifying Diurnal Variability of Brain Connectivity Patterns Using Graph Theory
Organisational and neuromodulatory underpinnings of structural-functional connectivity decoupling in patients with Parkinson’s disease
Aberrant intrinsic connectivity in women victims of sexual assault.
Effects of the dopamine transporter gene on neuroimaging findings in different attention deficit hyperactivity disorder presentations.
Altered functional connectivity between hypothalamus and limbic system in fibromyalgia
Roles of the Default Mode and Multiple-Demand Networks in Naturalistic versus Symbolic Decisions
Trait Empathy Shapes Neural Responses Toward Sad Music
Neurobiological models of emotion regulation: a meta-analysis of neuroimaging studies of acceptance as an emotion regulation strategy
Alterations in Resting-State Functional Brain Connectivity and Correlations with Vestibular/Ocular-Motor Screening Measures in Postconcussion Vestibular Dysfunction.
The spontaneous brain activity of disgust: Perspective from resting state fMRI and resting state EEG.
Some evidence on Gerstmann's syndrome: A case study on a variant of the clinical disorder.
White Matter Microstructural Differences between Hallucinating and Non-Hallucinating Schizophrenia Spectrum Patients
Neurological Soft Signs Are Associated With Altered Cerebellar-Cerebral Functional Connectivity in Schizophrenia.
Aberrant activity within auditory network is associated with psychiatric comorbidities in interictal migraineurs without aura.
Sensory acquisition functions of the cerebellum in verbal working memory
The association between body mass index and brain morphology in children: a population-based study
Cortical Hemodynamic Response Associated with Spatial Coding: A Near-Infrared Spectroscopy Study.
The neural substrates of subliminal attentional bias and reduced inhibition in individuals with a higher BMI: A VBM and resting state connectivity study.
Male brain processing of the body odor of ovulating women compared to that of pregnant women.
Changes in the Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuation in Patients With Lifelong Premature Ejaculation by Resting-State Functional MRI
Somatotopic Arrangement of the Human Primary Somatosensory Cortex Derived From Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging
Frequency-Specific Changes in the Fractional Amplitude of the Low-Frequency Fluctuations in the Default Mode Network in Medication-Free Patients With Bipolar II Depression: A Longitudinal Functional MRI Study
Functional Decoupling of Emotion Coping Network Subsides Automatic Emotion Regulation by Implementation Intention
Changes of Brain Structure in Patients With Metastatic Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer After Long-Term Target Therapy With EGFR-TKI
Aberrant brain oscillatory coupling from the primary motor cortex in children with autism spectrum disorders
Dissociable Auditory Cortico-Cerebellar Pathways in the Human Brain Estimated by Intrinsic Functional Connectivity.
Actor or recipient role matters: Neural correlates of self‐serving bias
Individual odor hedonic perception is coded in temporal joint network activity.
The brain under stress-A systematic review and activation likelihood estimation meta-analysis of changes in BOLD signal associated with acute stress exposure.
Updating and characterizing neuroanatomical markers in high-risk subjects, recently diagnosed and chronic patients with schizophrenia: A revised coordinate-based meta-analysis.
Conceptual disorganization and redistribution of resting-state cortical hubs in untreated first-episode psychosis: A 7T study
Brain imaging of executive function with the computerised multiple elements test.
Patterns and networks of language control in bilingual language production.
Study of rapid reorganization of visual neurofunctions with the resting‐state functional MRI in pituitary adenoma patients with vision improvement after transsphenoidal surgery
The Effects of Working Memory Training on Brain Activity
Brain structural and functional substrates of ADGRL3 (latrophilin 3) haplotype in attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder
Less Is Better: Single-Digit Brain Functional Connections Predict T2DM and T2DM-Induced Cognitive Impairment
Machine Learning-Based Identification of Suicidal Risk in Patients With Schizophrenia Using Multi-Level Resting-State fMRI Features
Specific Gray Matter Volume Changes of the Brain in Unipolar and Bipolar Depression
Voxel-Wise Brain-Wide Functional Connectivity Abnormalities in Patients with Primary Blepharospasm at Rest
Use of common average reference and large-Laplacian spatial-filters enhances EEG signal-to-noise ratios in intrinsic sensorimotor activity.
Locus coeruleus MRI contrast is associated with cortical thickness in older adults
Sex‐dependent prefrontal cortex activation in regular cocaine users: A working memory functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Changes in the regional homogeneity of resting-state magnetic resonance imaging in perimenopausal women
The Neurocircuitry Underlying Additive Effects of Safety Instruction on Extinction Learning
Violence Exposure Is Associated With Atypical Appraisal of Threat Among Women: An EEG Study
Neural Correlates of Interpersonal Space Permeability and Flexibility in Autism Spectrum Disorder.
Neural correlates of recursive thinking during interpersonal strategic interactions
Left superior temporal sulcus morphometry mediates the impact of anxiety and depressive symptoms on sleep quality in healthy adults
High spatial correlation in brain connectivity between micturition and resting states within bladder-related networks using 7 T MRI in multiple sclerosis women with voiding dysfunction
Thalamocortical Connectivity in Experimentally-Induced Migraine Attacks: A Pilot Study
Brain activity alterations in patients with Parkinson's disease with cognitive impairment based on resting-state functional MRI.
Attachment security and striatal functional connectivity in typically developing children
Neuroimaging of valence decisions in children and adults
Increased Brain Iron Detection by Voxel-Based Quantitative Susceptibility Mapping in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Patients With an Executive Function Decline
Increased Amygdala-Paracentral Lobule/Precuneus Functional Connectivity Associated With Patients With Mood Disorder and Suicidal Behavior
More Than Words: Extra-Sylvian Neuroanatomic Networks Support Indirect Speech Act Comprehension and Discourse in Behavioral Variant Frontotemporal Dementia
PET Hypometabolism of the Prefrontal-Cingulate Cortices in Internet Gaming Disorder
Using Signal Detection Theory to Better Understand Cognitive Fatigue
Altered Percent Amplitude of Fluctuation in Healthy Subjects After 36 h Sleep Deprivation
The Human Brain Representation of Odor Identification in Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment and Alzheimer's Dementia of Mild Degree
Anterior cingulate gyrus acts as a moderator of the relationship between problematic mobile phone use and depressive symptoms in college students
Investigating the Spatial Associations Between Amyloid-β Deposition, Grey Matter Volume, and Neuroinflammation in Alzheimer’s Disease
REVERSE phenotyping—Can the phenotype following constitutive Tph2 gene inactivation in mice be transferred to children and adolescents with and without adhd?
Bayesian model selection favors parametric over categorical fMRI subsequent memory models in young and older adults.
Cognitive and hormonal regulation of appetite for food presented in the olfactory and visual modalities.
The neural underpinnings of allocentric thinking in a novel signaling task.
Modality-specific dysfunctional neural processing of social-abstract and non-social-concrete information in schizophrenia
Impulsivity in heroin-dependent individuals: structural and functional abnormalities within frontostriatal circuits.
Atypical spatiotemporal activation of cerebellar lobules during emotional face processing in adolescents with autism
Altered central pain processing in fibromyalgia—A multimodal neuroimaging case-control study using arterial spin labelling
With a little help from my friends: The effect of social proximity on emotion regulation-related brain activity.
Developing fMRI protocol for clinical use Comparison of 6 Arabic paradigms for brain language mapping in native Arabic speakers
Cross-sex hormone treatment and own-body perception: behavioral and brain connectivity profiles
The lateral intraparietal sulcus takes viewpoint changes into account during memory-guided attention in natural scenes
A systematic review and activation likelihood estimation meta-analysis of the central innervation of the lower urinary tract: Pelvic floor motor control and micturition
Neuroimaging Findings in Rabies Encephalitis.
Regional Cerebral Cortical Atrophy is Related to Urinary Tract Symptoms in Parkinson's Disease.
Thalamocortical connectivity is associated with autism symptoms in high-functioning adults with autism and typically developing adults
Investigation of Changes in Retinal Detachment-Related Brain Region Activities and Functions Using the Percent Amplitude of Fluctuation Method: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
A Look Into the Power of fNIRS Signals by Using the Welch Power Spectral Estimate for Deception Detection
Neuroanatomical Alterations in Patients With Tinnitus Before and After Sound Therapy: A Combined VBM and SCN Study
Giant Panda Identification.
Psychophysiological and Neural Support for Enhanced Emotional Reactivity in Female Adolescents With Nonsuicidal Self-injury.
Functional network alterations differently associated with suicidal ideas and acts in depressed patients: an indirect support to the transition model
Cortical thinning and associated connectivity changes in patients with anorexia nervosa
The neuroprogressive nature of major depressive disorder: evidence from an intrinsic connectome analysis
Distinction of High- and Low-Frequency Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation on the Functional Reorganization of the Motor Network in Stroke Patients
Behavioral and Neural Fusion of Expectation with Sensation.
Resting cerebral oxygen metabolism exhibits archetypal network features
Abnormal regional homogeneity and its relationship with symptom severity in cervical dystonia: a rest state fMRI study
Aberrant central plasticity underlying synchronous sensory phenomena in brachial plexus injuries after contralateral cervical seventh nerve transfer
Connectome-based functional connectivity markers of suicide attempt.
Distinct neural networks subserve placebo analgesia and nocebo hyperalgesia.
Systematically disrupted functional gradient of the cortical connectome in generalized epilepsy: Initial discovery and independent sample replication.
White matter microstructural differences underlying beta oscillations during speech in adults who stutter.
Neural Basis of Impaired Emotion Recognition in Adult Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder.
Neural signatures of inhibitory control in intra-sentential code-switching: Evidence from fMRI.
Alzheimer’s Disease Projection From Normal to Mild Dementia Reflected in Functional Network Connectivity: A Longitudinal Study
A Functional MRI Paradigm for Efficient Mapping of Memory Encoding Across Sensory Conditions
Resting State Functional Connectivity of Brain With Electroconvulsive Therapy in Depression: Meta-Analysis to Understand Its Mechanisms
Amplitude of Low-Frequency Oscillations in Major Depressive Disorder With Childhood Trauma
Volumetric Deficit Within the Fronto-Limbic-Striatal Circuit in First-Episode Drug Naïve Patients With Major Depression Disorder
The Medial Thalamus Plays an Important Role in the Cognitive and Emotional Modulation of Orofacial Pain: A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging-Based Study
Temporal dynamic changes of intrinsic brain activity in Alzheimer’s disease and mild cognitive impairment patients: a resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Disrupted balance of long and short-range functional connectivity density in Alzheimer’s disease (AD) and mild cognitive impairment (MCI) patients: a resting-state fMRI study
The neural underpinnings of facial emotion recognition in ischemic stroke patients
Occupation-related effects on motor cortex thickness among older, cognitive healthy individuals
A change of mind: Globus pallidus activity and effective connectivity during changes in choice selections.
Modulatory effects of cognitive exertion on regional functional connectivity of the salience network in women with ME/CFS: A pilot study.
Neural Representations of Covert Attention across Saccades: Comparing Pattern Similarity to Shifting and Holding Attention during Fixation
Cerebral areas affected by unilateral acupuncture on SP3 in healthy volunteers: An explorative resting‐state fMRI study
Acupoint-brain (acubrain) mapping: Common and distinct cortical language regions activated by focused ultrasound stimulation on two language-relevant acupoints.
Involvement of bilateral insula in brand extension evaluation: an fMRI study
Brain Structural Changes in Patients with Pulmonary Arterial Hypertension.
Irregular sleep habits, regional grey matter volumes, and psychological functioning in adolescents
A Novel Language Paradigm for Intraoperative Language Mapping: Feasibility and Evaluation
Single-Dimensional Human Brain Signals for Two-Dimensional Economic Choice Options
Dynamics and Concordance Abnormalities Among Indices of Intrinsic Brain Activity in Individuals With Subjective Cognitive Decline: A Temporal Dynamics Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Analysis
Age-related abnormalities of thalamic shape and dynamic functional connectivity after three hours of sleep restriction
White matter microstructural and Compulsive Sexual Behaviors Disorder – Diffusion Tensor Imaging study
The intensity and connectivity of spontaneous brain activity in a language network relate to aging and language.
Decreased activity in the reward network of chronic insomnia patients
Intermittent theta burst stimulation for negative symptoms of schizophrenia—A double-blind, sham-controlled pilot study
Characterization of kinesthetic motor imagery compared with visual motor imageries
Reliability modelling of resting-state functional connectivity.
Processes linking socioeconomic disadvantage and neural correlates of cognitive control in adolescence
Neural network for Braille reading and the speech-reading convergence in the blind: Similarities and differences to visual reading.
Neurodevelopmental differences in child and adult number processing: An fMRI-based validation of the triple code model
Interpersonal Agreement and Disagreement During Face-to-Face Dialogue: An fNIRS Investigation
White Matter Abnormalities in Patients With Parkinson's Disease: A Meta-Analysis of Diffusion Tensor Imaging Using Tract-Based Spatial Statistics
Enhanced Functional Connectivity Within Executive Function Network in Remitted or Partially Remitted MDD Patients
Increased Reward-Related Activation in the Ventral Striatum During Stress Exposure Associated With Positive Affect in the Daily Life of Young Adults With a Family History of Depression. Preliminary Findings
Structural Imaging-Based Biomarkers for Detecting Craving and Predicting Relapse in Subjects With Methamphetamine Dependence
Comparison of Human Social Brain Activity During Eye-Contact With Another Human and a Humanoid Robot
Adaptive Reconfiguration of Intrinsic Community Structure in Children with 5-Year Abacus Training.
Neural markers of procrastination in white matter microstructures and networks.
When the brain, but not the person, remembers: Cortical reinstatement is modulated by retrieval goal in developmental amnesia
Sensory cue reactivity: Sensitization in alcohol use disorder and obesity.
Electric field strength induced by electroconvulsive therapy is associated with clinical outcome
Emotion regulation in emerging adults with major depressive disorder and frequent cannabis use
Molecular imaging of beta-amyloid deposition in late-life depression.
Effect of Δ9-Tetrahydrocannabinol on frontostriatal resting state functional connectivity and subjective euphoric response in healthy young adults.
Neural signature of error processing in major depression
Prenatal and postnatal maternal anxiety and amygdala structure and function in young children
Stroke Lesion Impact on Lower Limb Function
Brain gray matter structures associated with trait impulsivity: A systematic review and voxel‐based meta‐analysis
Clinical and neurostructural characteristics among youth with familial and non-familial bipolar disorder: Family history and youth bipolar disorder.
Inferior frontal gyrus seed-based resting-state functional connectivity and sustained attention across manic/hypomanic, euthymic and depressive phases of bipolar disorder.
The neural basis underlying impaired attentional control in problematic smartphone users
Altered Topological Properties of Grey Matter Structural Covariance Networks in Complete Thoracic Spinal Cord Injury Patients: A Graph Theoretical Network Analysis
Variability and effect sizes of intracranial current source density estimations during pain: Systematic review, experimental findings, and future perspectives
Organization of directed functional connectivity among nodes of ventral attention network reveals the common network mechanisms underlying saliency processing across distinct spatial and spatio-temporal scales.
Modulation of atypical brain activation during executive functioning in autism: a pharmacological MRI study of tianeptine
Stress-elicited neural activity in young adults varies with childhood sexual abuse.
Disrupted hemispheric connectivity specialization in patients with major depressive disorder: Evidence from the REST-meta-MDD Project.
Extremely preterm children demonstrate hyperconnectivity during verb generation: A multimodal approach
Hormonal and neural correlates of prosocial conformity in adolescents
Trust in information, political identity and the brain: an interdisciplinary fMRI study
Directly Exploring the Neural Correlates of Feedback-Related Reward Saliency and Valence During Real-Time fMRI-Based Neurofeedback
Neural Correlates of Knee Extension and Flexion Force Control: A Kinetically-Instrumented Neuroimaging Study
Neural Correlates of Long-Term Memory Enhancement Following Retrieval Practice
Functional Disconnection of the Angular Gyrus Related to Cognitive Impairment in Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus
Sexual Regional Dimorphism of Post-Adolescent and Middle Age Brain Maturation. A Multi-center 3T MRI Study
Characterizing the Structural Pattern of Heavy Smokers Using Multivoxel Pattern Analysis
Resting-state connectivity within the brain’s reward system predicts weight loss and correlates with leptin
Categorizing human vocal signals depends on an integrated auditory‐frontal cortical network
Musical instrument training program improves verbal memory and neural efficiency in novice older adults
Mental disorders following electrical injuries—A register-based, matched cohort study
Cortical responses to letters and ambiguous speech vary with reading skills in dyslexic and typically reading children.
Gray matter abnormalities follow non-random patterns of co-alteration in autism: Meta-connectomic evidence
A PET imaging study of the brain changes of glucose metabolism in patients with temporal lobe epilepsy and depressive disorder
Audiovisual structural connectivity in musicians and non-musicians: a cortical thickness and diffusion tensor imaging study
Role of anatomical insular subdivisions in interoception: Interoceptive attention and accuracy have dissociable substrates.
Social behaviors and gray matter volumes of brain areas supporting social cognition in children and adolescents with prenatal alcohol exposure.
Cortical thickness and subcortical volume abnormalities in male crack-cocaine users.
Neural basis underlying the trait of attachment anxiety and avoidance revealed by the amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations and resting-state functional connectivity
Differences in resting-state functional connectivity according to the level of impulsiveness in patients with internet gaming disorder
Working Memory for Signs with Poor Visual Resolution: fMRI Evidence of Reorganization of Auditory Cortex in Deaf Signers
Cerebellar transcranial direct current stimulation reconfigurates static and dynamic functional connectivity of the resting-state networks
Peripheral arterial stiffness during electrocutaneous stimulation is positively correlated with pain-related brain activity and subjective pain intensity: an fMRI study
Plasma calcium concentration during detoxification predicts neural cue-reactivity and craving during early abstinence in alcohol-dependent patients
Conflict processing networks: A directional analysis of stimulus-response compatibilities using MEG
Networks Are Associated With Depression in Patients With Parkinson’s Disease: A Resting-State Imaging Study
Glucose Control Has an Impact on Cerebral Blood Flow Alterations in Chronic Tinnitus Patients
Use of Functional Near Infrared Spectroscopy to Assess Syntactic Processing by Monolingual and Bilingual Adults and Children
Hyperactivation of Posterior Default Mode Network During Self-Referential Processing in Children at Familial High-Risk for Psychosis
Multivariate Identification of Functional Neural Networks Underpinning Humorous Movie Viewing
Sex differences in hippocampal connectivity during spatial long-term memory.
An fMRI investigation of neural activation predicting memory formation in children with fetal alcohol spectrum disorders
Sex differences in neural responses to reward and the influences of individual reward and punishment sensitivity
Distinctive regional asymmetry in dopaminergic and serotoninergic dysfunction in degenerative Parkinsonisms.
Evaluating the association between brain atrophy, hypometabolism, and cognitive decline in Alzheimer’s disease: a PET/MRI study
Altered Insular Subregional Connectivity Associated With Cognitions for Distinguishing the Spectrum of Pre-clinical Alzheimer's Disease
Increased Plasma Heme Oxygenase-1 Levels in Patients With Early-Stage Parkinson’s Disease
Abnormal Default-Mode Network Homogeneity in Patients With Mild Cognitive Impairment in Chinese Communities
Disrupted Neural Activity in Individuals With Iridocyclitis Using Regional Homogeneity: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Larger Volume and Different Activation of the Brain in Response to Threat in Military Officers
Healthy individuals vs patients with bipolar or unipolar depression in gray matter volume
Functional connectivity density alterations in middle‐age retinal detachment patients
Increased Hippocampal Excitability and Altered Learning Dynamics Mediate Cognitive Mapping Deficits in Human Aging
Changes in local brain function in mild cognitive impairment due to semantic dementia
Functional coupling of the orbitofrontal cortex and the basolateral amygdala mediates the association between spontaneous reappraisal and emotional response.
Test-retest reliability of emotion regulation networks using fMRI at ultra-high magnetic field.
Temporal dynamics alterations of spontaneous neuronal activity in anterior cingulate cortex predict suicidal risk in bipolar II patients.
The gray matter volume in superior frontal gyrus mediates the impact of reflection on emotion in Internet gaming addicts.
Differential Modulation of Effective Connectivity in the Brain’s Extended Face Processing System by Fearful and Sad Facial Expressions
Functional connectivity abnormalities of the long-axis hippocampal subregions in schizophrenia during episodic memory
Brain structure changes associated with sexual orientation
“Mickey Mousing” in the Brain: Motion-Sound Synesthesia and the Subcortical Substrate of Audio-Visual Integration
How biopsychosocial depressive risk shapes behavioral and neural responses to social evaluation in adolescence
The neurobiology of prefrontal transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) in promoting brain plasticity: A systematic review and meta-analyses of human and rodent studies.
Within-category representational stability through the lens of manipulable objects.
Anhedonia correlates with functional connectivity of the nucleus accumbens subregions in patients with major depressive disorder
Meta-analysis of grey matter changes and their behavioral characterization in patients with alcohol use disorder
The posterior parietal cortex contributes to visuomotor processing for saccades in blindsight macaques
Auditory Stimulation Modulates Resting-State Functional Connectivity in Unresponsive Wakefulness Syndrome Patients
Altered Frequency-Dependent Brain Activation and White Matter Integrity Associated With Cognition in Characterizing Preclinical Alzheimer’s Disease Stages
Dopaminergic and Metabolic Correlations With Cognitive Domains in Non-demented Parkinson’s Disease
Functional correlates of motor control impairments in multiple sclerosis: A 7 Tesla task functional MRI study
The Influence of Acute SSRI Administration on White Matter Microstructure in Patients Suffering From Major Depressive Disorder and Healthy Controls.
Electrical stimulation of the macaque ventral tegmental area drives category-selective learning without attention.
A neuroimaging investigation into the role of peripheral metabolic biomarkers in the anticipation of reward in alcohol use.
Activity Strength within Optic Flow-Sensitive Cortical Regions Is Associated with Visual Path Integration Accuracy in Aged Adults
Self-Positivity or Self-Negativity as a Function of the Medial Prefrontal Cortex
Chronic musculoskeletal impairment is associated with alterations in brain regions responsible for the production and perception of movement
Differences in basic psychological needs-related resting-state functional connectivity between individuals with high and low life satisfaction.
Neural profiles of observing acceptance and rejection decisions in human mate choice copying.
Distinct and Common Large-Scale Networks of the Hippocampal Long Axis in Older Age: Links to Episodic Memory and Dopamine D2 Receptor Availability
The neurobiological underpinning of the social cognition impairments in patients with spinocerebellar ataxia type 2.
Cathodal Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation Over the Right Temporoparietal Junction Suppresses Its Functional Connectivity and Reduces Contralateral Spatial and Temporal Perception
Decoding Spatial Versus Non-spatial Processing in Auditory Working Memory
The Neural Correlates of Cued Reward Omission
Altered Dynamic Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuations in Patients With Migraine Without Aura
Cortical Thinning in the Medial Temporal Lobe and Precuneus Is Related to Cognitive Deficits in Patients With Subcortical Ischemic Vascular Disease
Healthy Aging Alters the Functional Connectivity of Creative Cognition in the Default Mode Network and Cerebellar Network
Voxel-Mirrored Homotopic Connectivity Associated With Change of Cognitive Function in Chronic Pontine Stroke
Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuations and Resting-State Functional Connectivity in Trait Positive Empathy: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Disrupted Regional Homogeneity in Melancholic and Non-melancholic Major Depressive Disorder at Rest
Glutamate- and GABA-Modulated Connectivity in Auditory Hallucinations—A Combined Resting State fMRI and MR Spectroscopy Study
The impact of child abuse on the neurobiology of self-processing in depressed adolescents
Correlates of neural adaptation to food cues and taste: the role of obesity risk factors
Negative polarity in quantifiers evokes greater activation in language-related regions compared to negative polarity in adjectives.
Dysfunction of anterior insula in the non- affected hemisphere in patients with post- stroke depression: A resting-state fMRI study
Out of control: An altered parieto-occipital-cerebellar network for impulsivity in bipolar disorder.
Uncinate fasciculus and its cortical terminals in aphasia after subcortical stroke: A multi-modal MRI study
Brain Activity Foreshadows Stock Price Dynamics
The representation of mental state information in schizophrenia and first-degree relatives: a multivariate pattern analysis of fMRI data
Functional MRI Correlates of Sleep Quality in HIV
Abnormal Gray Matter Volume and Functional Connectivity in Parkinson's Disease with Rapid Eye Movement Sleep Behavior Disorder
Developmental Differences Between the Limbic and Neocortical Telencephalic Wall: An Intrasubject Slice-Matched 3 T MRI-Histological Correlative Study in Humans.
Integrated 3D motion analysis with functional magnetic resonance neuroimaging to identify neural correlates of lower extremity movement.
Altered iron and myelin in premanifest Huntington's Disease more than 20 years before clinical onset: Evidence from the cross-sectional HD Young Adult Study
Functional plasticity abnormalities over the lifespan of first-episode patients with major depressive disorder: a resting state fMRI study
The Association Between Insular Subdivisions Functional Connectivity and Suicide Attempt in Adolescents and Young Adults with Major Depressive Disorder.
Quantitative and Qualitative Sex Modulations in the Brain Anatomy of Autism.
Brain structural alterations in pediatric bipolar disorder patients with and without psychotic symptoms.
Brain predictive coding processes are associated to COMT gene Val158Met polymorphism.
Language Familiarity and Proficiency Leads to Differential Cortical Processing During Translation Between Distantly Related Languages
Apolipoprotein E ε4 Allele-Based Differences in Brain Volumes Are Largely Uniform Across Late Middle Aged and Older Hispanic/Latino- and Non-Hispanic/Latino Whites Without Dementia
Relation of Decreased Functional Connectivity Between Left Thalamus and Left Inferior Frontal Gyrus to Emotion Changes Following Acute Sleep Deprivation
Gray Matter and Regional Brain Activity Abnormalities in Subclinical Hypothyroidism
The Functional Reorganization of Language Network Modules in Glioma Patients: New Insights From Resting State fMRI Study
Meta-Analyses Support a Taxonomic Model for Representations of Different Categories of Audio-Visual Interaction Events in the Human Brain
Cortical Gyrification in Transgender Individuals.
Attentional salience and the neural substrates of response inhibition in borderline personality disorder
Eating to dare - Nutrition impacts human risky decision and related brain function.
Fear extinction learning and anandamide: an fMRI study in healthy humans
Neural activation of anxiety and depression in children and young people: A systematic meta-analysis of fMRI studies.
Glucocorticoids, metabolism and brain activity.
Initial white matter connectivity differences between remitters and non-remitters of patients with panic disorder after 6 months of pharmacotherapy.
Effects of age-related hearing loss and hearing aid experience on sentence processing
Revealing the mechanisms behind novel auditory stimuli discrimination: An evaluation of silent functional MRI using looping star
The additive effect of late-life depression and olfactory dysfunction on the risk of dementia was mediated by hypersynchronization of the hippocampus/fusiform gyrus
Exosomal MicroRNAs Contribute to Cognitive Impairment in Hypertensive Patients by Decreasing Frontal Cerebrovascular Reactivity
Semantic Grounding of Novel Spoken Words in the Primary Visual Cortex
Dorsolateral Prefrontal Functional Connectivity Predicts Working Memory Training Gains
The Prisoner’s Dilemma paradigm provides a neurobiological framework for the social decision cascade
High-dose baclofen attenuates insula activation during anticipatory anxiety in treatment-seeking alcohol dependant individuals: Preliminary findings from a pharmaco-fMRI study.
Correlation of abnormalities in resting state fMRI with executive functioning in chronic schizophrenia.
Differential vulnerability of the cerebellum in healthy ageing and Alzheimer’s disease
Neural substrates for sharing intention in action during face-to-face imitation.
The role of maternal BMI on brain food cue reactivity in children: a preliminary study.
The emotional face of anorexia nervosa: The neural correlates of emotional processing
Acute hyperglycaemia leads to altered frontal lobe brain activity and reduced working memory in type 2 diabetes
Brain activation patterns in medicated versus medication-naïve adults with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder during fMRI tasks of motor inhibition and cognitive switching
The acts of opening and closing the eyes are of importance for congenital blindness: Evidence from resting-state fMRI.
Prior context influences motor brain areas in an auditory oddball task and prefrontal cortex multitasking modelling
Cortical Thickness Alterations in Patients With Tinnitus Before and After Sound Therapy: A Surface-Based Morphometry Study
Neural Responses of Benefiting From the Prosocial Exchange: The Effect of Helping Behavior
Increased Within-Network Functional Connectivity May Predict NEDA Status in Fingolimod-Treated MS Patients
Effect of Acupuncture Stimulation of Hegu (LI4) and Taichong (LR3) on the Resting-State Networks in Alzheimer's Disease: Beyond the Default Mode Network
Effects of ketamine on brain function during metacognition of episodic memory
Delay discounting and neurocognitive correlates among inner city adolescents with and without family history of substance use disorder
"Unrest while Resting"? Brain entropy in autism spectrum disorder.
Network functional connectivity underlying dissociable cognitive and affective components of empathy in adolescence.
Right inferior frontal gyrus implements motor inhibitory control via beta-band oscillations in humans
Identification of minimal hepatic encephalopathy based on dynamic functional connectivity.
Framing and self-responsibility modulate brain activities in decision escalation
Altered spontaneous brain activity in patients with diabetic optic neuropathy: A resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study using regional homogeneity
Distinct patterns of resting-state connectivity in U.S. service members with mild traumatic brain injury versus posttraumatic stress disorder.
The neural underpinnings of intergroup social cognition: an fMRI meta-analysis
Neural patterns of word processing differ in children with dyslexia and isolated spelling deficit
Theory of Mind and Its Elusive Structural Substrate
Multimodal Assessment of Precentral Anodal TDCS: Individual Rise in Supplementary Motor Activity Scales With Increase in Corticospinal Excitability
An EEG Analysis of Honorification in Japanese: Human Hierarchical Relationships Coded in Language
Mother brain is wired for social moments
Effects of age on goal-dependent modulation of episodic memory retrieval.
Cultivating Affective Resilience: Proof-of-Principle Evidence of Translational Benefits From a Novel Cognitive-Emotional Training Intervention
Sex differences in neural correlates of common psychopathological symptoms in early adolescence
The posterior cerebellum and inconsistent trait implications when learning the sequence of actions
Abnormalities of intrinsic brain activity in essential tremor: A meta‐analysis of resting‐state functional imaging
Insulin resistance accounts for metabolic syndrome‐related alterations in brain structure
Cerebral glucose metabolism in bipolar disorder: A voxel‐based meta‐analysis of positron emission tomography studies
Brainstem functional oscillations across the migraine cycle: A longitudinal investigation.
The NIMH Intramural Longitudinal Study of the Endocrine and Neurobiological Events Accompanying Puberty: Protocol and rationale for methods and measures.
Neural correlates of visual attention during risky decision evidence integration
Anxious attachment is associated with heightened responsivity of a parietofrontal cortical network that monitors peri-personal space
Individual associations of adolescent alcohol use disorder versus cannabis use disorder symptoms in neural prediction error signaling and the response to novelty
The Instant and Sustained Effect of Electroacupuncture in Postgraduate Students with Depression: An fMRI Study
Brain Structural and Functional Reorganization in Tinnitus Patients Without Hearing Loss After Sound Therapy: A Preliminary Longitudinal Study
Brain Functional Mechanisms Determining the Efficacy of Transcutaneous Auricular Vagus Nerve Stimulation in Primary Insomnia
Operation-Specific Lexical Consistency Effect in Fronto-Insular-Parietal Network During Word Problem Solving
Abnormal Brain Glucose Metabolism in Papillary Thyroid Cancer Patients 4 Weeks After Withdrawal of Levothyroxine: A Cross-Sectional Study Using 18F-FDG PET/CT
Volumetric Brain Changes in Older Fallers: A Voxel-Based Morphometric Study
Intrinsic hippocampal functional connectivity underlying rigid memory in children and adolescents with autism spectrum disorder: A case–control study
Common brain networks underlying human social interactions: Evidence from large-scale neuroimaging meta-analysis.
Cerebellar involvement in olfaction: An fMRI Study.
Safety of MRI in the localization of implanted intracranial electrodes for refractory epilepsy.
Characterizing resting‐state networks in Parkinson’s disease: A multi‐aspect functional connectivity study
Working memory in schizophrenia: The role of the locus coeruleus and its relation to functional brain networks
Left posterior temporal cortex is sensitive to syntax within conceptually matched Arabic expressions
Neural correlates of negative and disease-specific emotional stimuli in panic disorder: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Dopaminergic modulation of regional cerebral blood flow: An arterial spin labelling study of genetic and pharmacological manipulation of COMT activity.
The Insula Is a Hub for Functional Brain Network in Patients With Anti-N-Methyl-D-Aspartate Receptor Encephalitis
Changes in Resting-State Functional Connectivity of Cerebellum in Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment and Alzheimer’s Disease: A Case-Control Study
Increased thalamo-cortical functional connectivity in patients with diabetic painful neuropathy: A resting-state functional MRI study
Being the Gatekeeper: How Thinking about Sharing Affects Neural Encoding of Information
A Resting-state Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study of Whole-brain Functional Connectivity of Voxel Levels in Patients With Irritable Bowel Syndrome With Depressive Symptoms
Resting State Functional Connectivity Associated With Sahaja Yoga Meditation
Distinct and temporally associated neural mechanisms underlying concurrent, postsuccess, and posterror cognitive controls: Evidence from a stop‐signal task
An ALE Meta-Analysis on Investment Decision-Making
The Differences in the Whole-Brain Functional Network between Cantonese-Mandarin Bilinguals and Mandarin Monolinguals
The Effect of Centralized Financial and Social Incentives on Cooperative Behavior and Its Underlying Neural Mechanisms
Distinctive Frontal and Occipitotemporal Surface Features in Neglectful Parenting
Gray-Matter Expansion of Social Brain Networks in Individuals High in Public Self-Consciousness
Comparison of Cerebellar Grey Matter Alterations in Bipolar and Cerebellar Patients: Evidence from Voxel-Based Analysis
Pre-Surgery Cognitive Performance and Voxel-Based Lesion-Symptom Mapping in Patients with Left High-Grade Glioma
Contribution of Gray Matter Atrophy and White Matter Damage to Cognitive Impairment in Mildly Disabled Relapsing-Remitting Multiple Sclerosis Patients
Neuronal Correlates of Small Animal Phobia in Human Subjects through fMRI: The Role of the Number and Proximity of Stimuli
Role of the fronto-parietal cortex in prospective action judgments
Dysfunction of the Auditory Brainstem as a Neurophysiology Subtype of Autism Spectrum Disorder
Local Neuronal Synchronization in Frequent Nightmare Recallers and Healthy Controls: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Aberrant Dynamic Functional Connectivity of Default Mode Network in Schizophrenia and Links to Symptom Severity
Paper Notebooks vs. Mobile Devices: Brain Activation Differences During Memory Retrieval
Can a Theater Acting Intervention Enhance Inhibitory Control in Older Adults? A Brain-Behavior Investigation
Improving Emotion Regulation Through Real-Time Neurofeedback Training on the Right Dorsolateral Prefrontal Cortex: Evidence From Behavioral and Brain Network Analyses
Aberrant brain voxel-wise resting state fMRI in patients with thyroid-associated ophthalmopathy.
Reward-Related Responses and Tonic Craving in Cocaine Addiction: An Imaging Study of the Monetary Incentive Delay Task
Hierarchical syntactic processing is beyond mere associating: Functional magnetic resonance imaging evidence from a novel artificial grammar
Changes in Default-Mode Network Associated With Childhood Trauma in Schizophrenia
Fronto-Temporal Disconnection Within the Presence Hallucination Network in Psychotic Patients With Passivity Experiences
Delayed access to conscious processing in multiple sclerosis: Reduced cortical activation and impaired structural connectivity
Neural correlates of episodic memory modulated by temporally delayed rewards
Grey matter abnormalities in Tourette syndrome: an activation likelihood estimation meta-analysis
Glucose metabolism in the right middle temporal gyrus could be a potential biomarker for subjective cognitive decline: a study of a Han population
Baseline cognition is the best predictor of 4-year cognitive change in cognitively intact older adults
Effects of polygenic risk for major mental disorders and cross-disorder on cortical complexity
Impact of childhood maltreatment and resilience on behavioral and neural patterns of inhibitory control during emotional distraction.
Interoception Primes Emotional Processing: Multimodal Evidence from Neurodegeneration
Changes in Degree Centrality of Network Nodes in Different Frequency Bands in Parkinson’s Disease With Depression and Without Depression
Alterations of Regional Homogeneity in Preschool Boys With Autism Spectrum Disorders
Lateralization effects in brain white matter reorganization in patients with unilateral idiopathic tinnitus: a preliminary study.
Altered patterns of fractional amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation and regional homogeneity in abstinent methamphetamine-dependent users
Morphological Changes in Cortical and Subcortical Structures in Multiple System Atrophy Patients With Mild Cognitive Impairment
Trait self-control mediates the association between resting-state neural correlates and emotional well-being in late adolescence
Reduced anterior hippocampal and ventromedial prefrontal activity when repeatedly retrieving autobiographical memories.
Taking the body off the mind: Decreased functional connectivity between somatomotor and default‐mode networks following Floatation‐REST
Emotional imagination of negative situations: Functional neuroimaging in anorexia and bulimia
Gray matter volume in left intraparietal sulcus predicts longitudinal gains in subtraction skill in elementary school
Humor and emotion: Quantitative meta analyses of functional neuroimaging studies.
Neuroimaging markers of adolescent depression in the National Consortium on Alcohol and Neurodevelopment in Adolescence (NCANDA) study.
A pioneering FreeSurfer volumetric study of a series of patients with mesial temporal lobe epilepsy and hippocampal sclerosis with comorbid depression.
Effects of concurrent action and object naming treatment on naming skills and functional brain activation patterns in primary progressive aphasia: An fMRI study with a case-series design.
A multilevel examination of lifetime aggression: integrating cortical thickness, personality pathology and trauma exposure
Individual variation underlying brain age estimates in typical development.
Brain activity of the emotional circuit in Parkinson’s disease patients with freezing of gait
Functional connectivity of the attention networks is altered and relates to neuropsychological outcomes in children with prenatal alcohol exposure
Internet gaming disorder impacts gray matter structural covariance organization in the default mode network.
Self-reference Network-Related Interactions During the Process of Cognitive Impairment in the Early Stages of Alzheimer’s Disease
Abnormal Large-Scale Network Activation Present in Bipolar Mania and Bipolar Depression Under Resting State
Decreased Functional Connectivity of the Primary Visual Cortex and the Correlation With Clinical Features in Patients With Intermittent Exotropia
Distinct impaired patterns of intrinsic functional network centrality in patients with early- and late-onset Alzheimer's disease.
Multimodal brain imaging connectivity analyses of emotional and motivational deficits in depression among women
Grey and white matter alteration in euthymic children with bipolar disorder: a combined source-based morphometry (SBM) and voxel-based morphometry (VBM) study.
Neuronal Signatures of Negative and Positive Schemas towards the Self and Others in Patients with Early Stage Schizophrenia
Virtual Reality–Based Psychotherapy in Social Anxiety Disorder: fMRI Study Using a Self-Referential Task
A bias towards natural rewards away from gambling cues in gamblers undergoing active treatment.
Neural activity during response inhibition associated with improvement of dysphoric symptoms of PTSD after trauma-focused psychotherapy—an EEG-fMRI study
Neural correlates of confusability in recognition of morphologically complex Korean words
Evidence for dissociable cognitive and neural pathways from poverty versus maltreatment to deficits in emotion regulation
Altered amygdala effective connectivity in migraine without aura: evidence from resting‐state fMRI with Granger causality analysis
Stimulus valence, episodic memory, and the priming of brain activation profiles in borderline personality disorder
Botulinum toxin injection changes resting state cerebellar connectivity in cervical dystonia
A neurogenetic analysis of female autism
Psychopathological Syndromes Across Affective and Psychotic Disorders Correlate With Gray Matter Volumes.
Association between white matter hyperintensity load and grey matter atrophy in mild cognitive impairment is not unidirectional
Structural Plastic Changes of Cortical Gray Matter Revealed by Voxel-Based Morphometry and Histological Analyses in a Monkey Model of Central Post-Stroke Pain.
Cellular and Extracellular White Matter Abnormalities in Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder: A Diffusion Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study.
Structural MRI substrate of long-duration response to levodopa in Parkinson’s disease: an exploratory study
Reach-relevant somatosensory signals modulate activity in the tactile suppression network.
A pilot trial of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of the dorsomedial prefrontal cortex in anorexia nervosa: resting fMRI correlates of response
Targeting location relates to treatment response in active but not sham rTMS stimulation
Pleasantness of mind wandering is positively associated with focus back effort in daily life: Evidence from resting state fMRI.
Altered relationship between subjective perception and central representation of touch hedonics in adolescents with autism-spectrum disorder
Activation of Person Knowledge in Medial Prefrontal Cortex during the Encoding of New Lifelike Events
Neuroanatomical Correlates of Social Intelligence Measured by the Guilford Test
Constructing Dynamic Brain Functional Networks via Hyper-Graph Manifold Regularization for Mild Cognitive Impairment Classification
Illness Severity Moderated Association Between Trait Anxiety and Amygdala-Based Functional Connectivity in Generalized Anxiety Disorder
Spontaneous Activity in Primary Visual Cortex Relates to Visual Creativity
Associations Between Smoking Abstinence, Inhibitory Control, and Smoking Behavior: An fMRI Study
Anosognosia in Mild Cognitive Impairment: Lack of Awareness of Memory Difficulties Characterizes Prodromal Alzheimer's Disease
Lifelong impact of extreme stress on the human brain: Holocaust survivors study
Resting state functional connectivity in the default mode network: Relationships between cannabis use, gender, and cognition in adolescents and young adults
Sex modifies APOE ε4 dose effect on brain tau deposition in cognitively impaired individuals
Differences in empathy toward patients between medical and nonmedical students: an fMRI study
Reciprocal relations between reading skill and the neural basis of phonological awareness in 7- to 9-year-old children
Effect of NEUROG3 polymorphism rs144643855 on regional spontaneous brain activity in major depressive disorder.
Trimodal processing of complex stimuli in inferior parietal cortex is modality-independent.
Impaired cerebral microcirculation in isolated REM sleep behaviour disorder.
False recognitions in short-term memory - Age-differences in neural activity.
Occipital cortex is modulated by transsaccadic changes in spatial frequency: an fMRI study
Meta-analytic evidence of differential prefrontal and early sensory cortex activity during non-social sensory perception in autism.
Macro- and micro-structural cerebellar and cortical characteristics of cognitive empathy towards fictional characters in healthy individuals
Structural and functional neuroimaging changes associated with cognitive impairment and dementia in Parkinson's disease.
Altered resting-state functional connectivity of the default mode and central executive networks following cognitive processing therapy for PTSD.
Functional connectivity of cerebellar dentate nucleus and cognitive impairments in patients with drug-naive and first-episode schizophrenia.
Differential patterns of gray matter volumes and associated gene expression profiles in cognitively-defined Alzheimer's disease subgroups.
Neural Correlates of Successful Memory Encoding in Kindergarten and Early Elementary School Children: Longitudinal Trends and Effects of Schooling.
Functional Realignment of Frontoparietal Subnetworks during Divergent Creative Thinking.
Working Memory Alterations After a Romantic Relationship Breakup
Exercise Training-Related Changes in Cortical Gray Matter Diffusivity and Cognitive Function in Mild Cognitive Impairment and Healthy Older Adults
Quantitative relations between BOLD responses, cortical energetics and impulse firing across cortical depth.
Overlapping but distinct: Distal connectivity dissociates hand and tool processing networks.
Medical education and distrust modulate the response of insular-cingulate network and ventral striatum in pain diagnosis
Estimates of locus coeruleus function with functional magnetic resonance imaging are influenced by localization approaches and the use of multi-echo data
Enhanced structural connectivity within the motor loop in professional boxers prior to a match
The neural bases of tactile vitality forms and their modulation by social context
Altered functional connectivity between the nucleus basalis of Meynert and anterior cingulate cortex is associated with declined attentional performance after total sleep deprivation.
Altered Extended Locus Coeruleus and Ventral Tegmental Area Networks in Boys with Autism Spectrum Disorders: A Resting-State Functional Connectivity Study
The Associations Between Grey Matter Volume Covariance Patterns and Gait Variability-The Tasmanian Study of Cognition and Gait.
Post-Training Sleep Modulates Topographical Relearning-Dependent Resting State Activity
What Do You Want to Eat? Influence of Menu Description and Design on Consumer’s Mind: An fMRI Study
Structural Changes on MRI Demonstrate Specific Cerebellar Involvement in SLE Patients—A VBM Study
Joint Analysis of Eye Blinks and Brain Activity to Investigate Attentional Demand during a Visual Search Task
Anxiety and depression severity in neuropsychiatric SLE are associated with perfusion and functional connectivity changes of the frontolimbic neural circuit: a resting-state f(unctional) MRI study
Childhood socioeconomic status is associated with psychometric intelligence and microstructural brain development
Aberrant Structural and Functional Developmental Trajectories in Children With Intellectual Disability
MRI characteristics of Japanese macaque encephalomyelitis: Comparison to human diseases.
Application of contrast-enhanced magnetic resonance imaging in the assessment of blood-cerebrospinal fluid barrier integrity.
Positive and negative prediction error signals to violated expectations of face and place stimuli distinctively activate FFA and PPA.
Sentence predictability modulates cortical response to phonetic ambiguity.
Altered brain responses to emotional facial expressions in tinnitus patients.
Dynamic task-linked switching between brain networks - A tri-network perspective.
Escitalopram enhances synchrony of brain responses during emotional narratives in patients with major depressive disorder
Speech-evoked brain activity is more robust to competing speech when it is spoken by someone familiar.
Brain functional connectivity in children with developmental coordination disorder following rehabilitation intervention
Neural representations of the amount and the delay time of reward in intertemporal decision making
A Multisensory fMRI Investigation of Nociceptive-Preferential Cortical Regions and Responses
Reduced Functional Connectivity in Children With Congenital Cataracts Using Resting-State Electroencephalography Measurement
Abnormal Intrinsic Functional Interactions Within Pain Network in Cervical Discogenic Pain
Distributed Functional Connectome of White Matter in Patients With Functional Dyspepsia
Investigating Neuroimaging Correlates of Early Frailty in Patients With Behavioral Variant Frontotemporal Dementia: A MRI and FDG-PET Study
Contralesional Structural Plasticity in Different Molecular Pathologic Subtypes of Insular Glioma
The Extrastriate Body Area and identity processing: An fMRI guided TMS study
Concurrent TMS-fMRI for causal network perturbation and proof of target engagement.
Where there is no object formation, there is no perceptual organization: Evidence from the configural superiority effect.
Central pain modulatory mechanisms of attentional analgesia are preserved in fibromyalgia
Neural processing of vision and language in kindergarten is associated with prereading skills and predicts future literacy
Abnormalities of cortical structures in patients with postpartum depression: A surface-based morphometry study.
NaN
Multivariable pattern classification differentiates relational self-esteem from personal self-esteem
Temporal variability of regional intrinsic neural activity in drug‐naïve patients with obsessive–compulsive disorder
The neural correlates of delay discounting in obesity and binge eating disorder
Retrospective confidence judgments: Meta‐analysis of functional magnetic resonance imaging studies
Both frontal and temporal cortex exhibit phonological and semantic specialization during spoken language processing in 7‐ to 8‐year‐old children
Decreased emotional reactivity after 3-month socio-affective but not attention- or meta-cognitive-based mental training: A randomized, controlled, longitudinal fMRI study.
Working memory task induced neural activation: A simultaneous PET/fMRI study.
Viewing personalized video clips recommended by TikTok activates default mode network and ventral tegmental area.
Association between metabolic syndrome and resting-state functional brain connectivity.
Faded Critical Dynamics in Adult Moyamoya Disease Revealed by EEG and fMRI
Investigating the neural substrates of Antagonistic Externalizing and social-cognitive Theory of Mind: an fMRI examination of functional activity and synchrony
Abnormal prediction error processing in schizophrenia and depression
Brain FDG-PET findings in glutamic acid decarboxylase antibody-associated epilepsy.
Effect of Cognitive Training in Fully Immersive Virtual Reality on Visuospatial Function and Frontal-Occipital Functional Connectivity in Predementia: Randomized Controlled Trial
Resting-state brain metabolic fingerprinting clusters (biomarkers) and predictive models for major depression in multiple myeloma patients
Extensive long-term verbal memory training is associated with brain plasticity
Comparative Effects of Repetitive Odor Identification and Odor Memory Tasks on Olfactory Engagement in Older Populations – A Pilot fMRI Study
Ventral Striatal Activation During Reward Anticipation of Different Reward Probabilities in Adolescents and Adults
Cerebral Regional Homogeneity Alternation of Pregnant Women With Antenatal Depression During the Pandemic
Neural Correlates of Mentalizing in Individuals With Clinical High Risk for Schizophrenia: ALE Meta-Analysis
Two cortical representations of voice control are differentially involved in speech fluency
Reduced neural responsiveness to looming stimuli is associated with increased aggression
Disentangling age‐ and disease‐related alterations in schizophrenia brain network using structural equation modeling: A graph theoretical study based on minimum spanning tree
Gray matter volume correlates of adolescent posttraumatic stress disorder: A comparison of manual intervention and automated segmentation in FreeSurfer.
Early maternal care and amygdala habituation to emotional stimuli in adulthood
Social brain networks: Resting-state and task-based connectivity in youth with and without epilepsy.
Decoding the microstructural properties of white matter using realistic models.
Altered fractional amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation in women with premenstrual syndrome via acupuncture at Sanyinjiao (SP6)
The neural basis of counting sequences.
Neural correlates of phonology-to-orthography mapping consistency effects on Chinese spoken word recognition.
The Brain Alteration of Seafarer Revealed by Activated Functional Connectivity Mode in fMRI Data Analysis
EEG-fMRI Signal Coupling Is Modulated in Subjects With Mild Cognitive Impairment and Amyloid Deposition
Dysregulated functional brain connectivity in response to acute social-evaluative stress in adolescents with PTSD symptoms
Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging of Language Following Constraint-Induced Aphasia Therapy Primed with Intermittent Theta Burst Stimulation in 13 Patients with Post-Stroke Aphasia
Spontaneous functional changes in specific cerebral regions in patients with hypertensive retinopathy: a resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study
On the Role of Bilateral Brain Hypofunction and Abnormal Lateralization of Cortical Information Flow as Neural Underpinnings of Conventional Metaphor Processing Impairment in Schizophrenia: An fMRI and EEG Study
Neural correlates of fat preference in frontotemporal dementia: translating insights from the obesity literature
Lower regional grey matter in alcohol use disorders: evidence from a voxel-based meta-analysis
An fMRI study of scientists with a Ph.D. in physics confronted with naive ideas in science
Decreased grey matter volumes in unaffected mothers of individuals with autism spectrum disorder reflect the broader autism endophenotype
Neural correlates of individual variation in two-back working memory and the relationship with fluid intelligence
Associative learning and extinction of conditioned threat predictors across sensory modalities
Resting‐state functional connectivity of the human hippocampus in periadolescent children: Associations with age and memory performance
Neurocognitive basis of deductive reasoning in children varies with parental education
Ventral striatal activation during reward differs between major depression with and without impaired mood reactivity.
Impairments in brain perfusion, executive control network, topological characteristics, and neurocognition in adult patients with asymptomatic Moyamoya disease
Neocortical substrates of feelings evoked with music in the ACC, insula, and somatosensory cortex
Association Between sTREM2, an Immune Biomarker of Microglial Activation, and Aging-Related Brain Volume Changes in Community-Dwelling Older Adults: A 7-Year Follow-Up Study
Changes in Temporal and Spatial Patterns of Intrinsic Brain Activity and Functional Connectivity in Upper-Limb Amputees: An fMRI Study
Prediction of Differential Pharmacologic Response in Chronic Pain Using Functional Neuroimaging Biomarkers and a Support Vector Machine Algorithm: An Exploratory Study
Neural oscillations underlying selective attention follow sexually divergent developmental trajectories during adolescence
Intolerance of uncertainty modulates brain-to-brain synchrony during politically polarized perception.
Brain microstructural properties related to subjective well-being: diffusion tensor imaging analysis
Rapid Neural Representations of Personally Relevant Faces.
Widespread Positive Direct and Indirect Effects of Regular Physical Activity on the Developing Functional Connectome in Early Adolescence.
A network analysis of interoception, self-awareness, empathy, alexithymia, and autistic traits.
Large‐scale reconfiguration of connectivity patterns among attentional networks during context‐dependent adjustment of cognitive control
Visceromotor roots of aesthetic evaluation of pain in art: an fMRI study
Neural correlates of theory of mind in children and adults using CAToon: Introducing an open-source child-friendly neuroimaging task
Gray matter abnormalities in Tourette Syndrome: a meta-analysis of voxel-based morphometry studies
Deep recurrent model for individualized prediction of Alzheimer's disease progression.
Hippocampal and striatal responses during motor learning are modulated by prefrontal cortex stimulation
Predictive processing, cognitive control, and tonality stability of music: An fMRI study of chromatic harmony.
Movement, mood and cognition: Preliminary insights into the therapeutic effects of electroconvulsive therapy for depression through a resting-state connectivity analysis.
Altered Temporal Dynamics of Brain Activity in Multiple-Frequency Bands in Non-Neuropsychiatric Systemic Lupus Erythematosus Patients with Inactive Disease
Effects of APOE ε2 on the Fractional Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuation in Mild Cognitive Impairment: A Study Based on the Resting-State Functional MRI
A Multimodal Imaging Approach Demonstrates Reduced Midbrain Functional Network Connectivity Is Associated With Freezing of Gait in Parkinson's Disease
Abnormal Default-Mode Network Homogeneity in Melancholic and Nonmelancholic Major Depressive Disorder at Rest
A Systematic Review of Obesity and Binge Eating Associated Impairment of the Cognitive Inhibition System
Brain responses to drug cues predict craving changes in abstinent heroin users: A preliminary study.
Second-language word recognition in noise: Interdependent neuromodulatory effects of semantic context and crosslinguistic interactions driven by word form similarity.
Identifying brain networks in synaptic density PET (11C-UCB-J) with independent component analysis
Inhibitory control training reveals a common neurofunctional basis for generic executive functions and language switching in bilinguals
Interhemispheric Functional Connectivity Alterations in Diabetic Optic Neuropathy: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Resting-State Functional Connectivity and Psychopathology in Klinefelter Syndrome (47, XXY).
Altered White Matter Microstructures in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A Coordinate‐Based Meta‐Analysis of Diffusion Tensor Imaging Studies
Aberrant Cerebello-Cortical Connectivity in Pianists With Focal Task-Specific Dystonia.
Relationship between regional gray matter volumes and dopamine D2 receptor and transporter in living human brains
Dynamic Functional Connectivity Change-Point Detection With Random Matrix Theory Inference
Motor Abnormalities in Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder and Autism Spectrum Disorder Are Associated With Regional Grey Matter Volumes
Within- and across-network alterations of the sensorimotor network in Parkinson’s disease
Optimizing locations of waste transfer stations in rural areas
Neural adaptation of cingulate and insular activity during delayed fear extinction: A replicable pattern across assessment sites and repeated measurements.
The role of the left and right inferior frontal gyrus in processing metaphoric and unrelated co-speech gestures.
Reward-related neural correlates of early life stress in school-aged children
Functional connectivity of the visual cortex differentiates anxiety comorbidity from episodic migraineurs without aura
The Motor Basis for Misophonia
Antagonism between brain regions relevant for cognitive control and emotional memory facilitates the generation of humorous ideas
Representation of semantic typicality in brain activation in healthy adults and individuals with aphasia: A multi-voxel pattern analysis.
Integrative learning for population of dynamic networks with covariates
Brain structural plasticity in visual and sensorimotor areas of airline pilots: A voxel-based morphometric study.
Functional connectivity evidence for state-independent executive function deficits in patients with major depressive disorder.
Altered Functional Connectivity of the Primary Visual Cortex in Patients With Iridocyclitis and Assessment of Its Predictive Value Using Machine Learning
Neural-level associations of non-verbal pragmatic comprehension in young Finnish autistic adults
Cortical gray matter reduction precedes transition to psychosis in individuals at clinical high-risk for psychosis: A voxel-based meta-analysis.
Glutamate and functional connectivity - support for the excitatory-inhibitory imbalance hypothesis in autism spectrum disorders.
Parsing variability in borderline personality disorder: a meta-analysis of neuroimaging studies
Dexmedetomidine inhibits unstable motor network in patients with primary motor area gliomas
Brain activation in response to visual sexual stimuli in male patients with right middle cerebral artery infarction
Higher maternal education is related to negative functional connectivity between attention system networks and reading-related regions in children with reading difficulties compared to typical readers.
Potential Alterations of Functional Connectivity Analysis in the Patients with Chronic Prostatitis/Chronic Pelvic Pain Syndrome
Age-related differences in negative cognitive empathy but similarities in positive affective empathy
Evidence for a gradient within the medial temporal lobes for flexible retrieval under hierarchical task rules.
Revisiting the Neural Architecture of Adolescent Decision-Making: Univariate and Multivariate Evidence for System-Based Models.
Visual mechanisms for voice‐identity recognition flexibly adjust to auditory noise level
Audiovisual working memory and association with resting-state regional homogeneity.
Altered Spontaneous Brain Activity in Women During Menopause Transition and Its Association With Cognitive Function and Serum Estradiol Level
Connectome-based model predicts episodic memory performance in individuals with subjective cognitive decline and amnestic mild cognitive impairment.
Detached empathic experience of others’ pain in remitted states of depression – An fMRI study
Dispositional empathy predicts primary somatosensory cortex activity while receiving touch by a hand
Neural Basis of Speech-Gesture Mismatch Detection in Schizophrenia Spectrum Disorders.
Dynamic Functional Connectivity in Adolescence-Onset Major Depression: Relationships With Severity and Symptom Dimensions.
The neural mechanism of spatial-positional association in working memory: A fMRI study.
Neuroplasticity associated with changes in conversational turn-taking following a family-based intervention
Altered Neurovascular Coupling in Subcortical Ischemic Vascular Disease
The Effect of CO2 on Resting-State Functional Connectivity: Isocapnia vs. Poikilocapnia
Motor Symptom Lateralization Influences Cortico-Striatal Functional Connectivity in Parkinson's Disease
Decreased Functional Connectivity in the Reward Network and Its Relationship With Negative Emotional Experience After Total Sleep Deprivation
Longitudinal change in hippocampal and dorsal anterior insulae functional connectivity in subjective cognitive decline
Longitudinal effects of meditation on brain resting-state functional connectivity
Altered resting‐state functional network connectivity in profound sensorineural hearing loss infants within an early sensitive period: A group ICA study
Time-Frequency Characterization of Resting Brain in Bipolar Disorder during Euthymia—A Preliminary Study
Cognitive Neural Mechanism of Social Anxiety Disorder: A Meta-Analysis Based on fMRI Studies
fMRI Retinotopic Mapping in Patients with Brain Tumors and Space-Occupying Brain Lesions in the Area of the Occipital Lobe
Functional Analysis of Brain Imaging Suggests Changes in the Availability of mGluR5 and Altered Connectivity in the Cerebral Cortex of Long-Term Abstaining Males with Alcohol Dependence: A Preliminary Study
fMRI Investigation of Semantic Lexical Processing in Healthy Control and Alzheimer’s Disease Subjects Using Naming Task: A Preliminary Study
Investigation on the Effect of Oral Breathing on Cognitive Activity Using Functional Brain Imaging
Altered spontaneous neural activity in the precuneus, middle and superior frontal gyri, and hippocampus in college students with subclinical depression
Neural Responses to Fluoxetine in Youths with Disruptive Behavior and Trauma Exposure: A Pilot Study
Temporal Dynamics in Degree Centrality of Brain Functional Connectome in First-Episode Schizophrenia with Different Short-Term Treatment Responses: A Longitudinal Study
Identification of Brain Regions with Enhanced Functional Connectivity with the Cerebellum Region in Children with Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Multi-Modal Analysis of Resting-State fMRI Data in mTBI Patients and Association With Neuropsychological Outcomes
When gut feelings teach the brain to fear pain: Context-dependent activation of the central fear network in a novel interoceptive conditioning paradigm.
Decoding Spatial Memory Retrieval in Cubical Space Using fMRI Signals
Large-scale network abnormality in bipolar disorder: A multimodal meta-analysis of resting-state functional and structural magnetic resonance imaging studies.
Emotion recognition in individuals with cocaine use disorder: the role of abstinence length and the social brain network.
Differential neural structures, intrinsic functional connectivity, and episodic memory in subjective cognitive decline and healthy controls.
Sex difference in neural responses to gaming cues in Internet gaming disorder: Implications for why males are more vulnerable to cue-induced cravings than females.
The Abnormal Functional Connectivity in the Locus Coeruleus-Norepinephrine System Associated With Anxiety Symptom in Chronic Insomnia Disorder
Altered Resting-State Brain Activity in Schizophrenia and Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder Compared With Non-psychiatric Controls: Commonalities and Distinctions Across Disorders
Insular Connectivity Is Associated With Self-Appraisal of Cognitive Function After a Concussion
Neural underpinnings of valence-action interactions triggered by cues and targets in a rewarded approach/avoidance task.
Substantia Nigra Integrity Correlates with Sequential Working Memory in Parkinson's Disease
Multiple Functional Brain Networks Related to Pain Perception Revealed by fMRI.
Matched neurofeedback during fMRI differentially activates reward-related circuits in active and sham groups.
Effects of substance misuse on inhibitory control in patients with attention‐deficit/hyperactivity disorder
Structural and functional reorganization of contralateral hippocampus after temporal lobe epilepsy surgery
Anticipatory Energization Revealed by Pupil and Brain Activity Guides Human Effort-Based Decision Making.
Frequency-specific alterations of the resting-state BOLD signals in nocturnal enuresis: an fMRI Study
Increased resting-state cerebellar-cortical connectivity in breast cancer survivors with cognitive complaints after chemotherapy
Distinctive Alterations of Functional Connectivity Strength between Vascular and Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment
Ophthalmic changes in a spaceflight analog are associated with brain functional reorganization
Anticipating control over aversive stimuli is mediated by the medial prefrontal cortex: An fMRI study with healthy adults
Altered brain network centrality in patients with mild cognitive impairment: an fMRI study using a voxel-wise degree centrality approach
Abnormal interhemispheric functional connectivity in patients with strabismic amblyopia: a resting-state fMRI study using voxel-mirrored homotopic connectivity
Immediate Analgesic Effect of Acupuncture in Patients With Primary Dysmenorrhea: A fMRI Study
Functional brain imaging of speeded decision processing in Parkinson's disease and comparison with Schizophrenia.
Functional Brain Connectivity Patterns Associated with Visual Hallucinations in Dementia with Lewy Bodies
Anomalous functional connectivity within the default-mode network in treatment-naive patients possessing first-episode major depressive disorder
Functional and morphological correlates of developmental dyslexia: A multimodal investigation of the ventral occipitotemporal cortex.
Structural white matter alterations in carpal tunnel syndrome: A modified TBSS study.
The impact of early musical training on striatal functional connectivity.
Sex Chromosome Dosage Effects on White Matter Structure in the Human Brain.
Clinical correlates of white matter lesions in Parkinson's disease using automated multi-modal segmentation measures.
Distinct connectivity profiles predict different in-time processes of motor skill learning.
Amygdala reactivity and ventromedial prefrontal cortex coupling in the processing of emotional face stimuli in attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder
Right Frontoinsular Cortex: A Potential Imaging Biomarker to Evaluate T2DM-Induced Cognitive Impairment
Disrupted Regional Homogeneity in Major Depressive Disorder With Gastrointestinal Symptoms at Rest
Different Functional Network Connectivity Patterns in Epilepsy: A Rest-State fMRI Study on Mesial Temporal Lobe Epilepsy and Benign Epilepsy With Centrotemporal Spike
Research on Characteristic of Chronic Spontaneous Urticaria Based on Multiscale Entropy
The degeneration changes of basal forebrain are associated with prospective memory impairment in patients with Wilson's disease
Brain functional changes in patients with Crohn's disease: A resting‐state fMRI study
Multilevel growth curve analyses of behavioral activation for anhedonia (BATA) and mindfulness-based cognitive therapy effects on anhedonia and resting-state functional connectivity: Interim results of a randomized trial.
Enhanced sensitivity to optimistic cues is manifested in brain structure: a voxel-based morphometry study
Nonlesional diffusely abnormal appearing white matter in clinically isolated syndrome: Prevalence, association with clinical and MRI features, and risk for conversion to multiple sclerosis.
Measurement of stretch-evoked brainstem function using fMRI
Supraspinal nociceptive networks in neuropathic pain after spinal cord injury
Interaction of schizophrenia and chronic cannabis use on reward anticipation sensitivity
Nostalgia enhances detection of death threat: neural and behavioral evidence
Investigating morphological changes in the brain in relation to etiology and duration of olfactory dysfunction with voxel-based morphometry
Substance use is associated with worse mental health and altered resting state functional connectivity in female university athletes at baseline: A pilot study
Functional connectivity between the caudate and medial prefrontal cortex reflects individual honesty variations in adults and children.
Segregating domain-general from emotional context-specific inhibitory control systems - ventral striatum and orbitofrontal cortex serve as emotion-cognition integration hubs.
Dissecting the midlife crisis: disentangling social, personality and demographic determinants in social brain anatomy
Cortical Pathways or Mechanism in the Face Inversion Effect in Patients with First-Episode Schizophrenia
Disruption of Neural Activity and Functional Connectivity in Adolescents With Major Depressive Disorder Who Engage in Non-suicidal Self-Injury: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Maladaptive Avoidance Learning in the Orbitofrontal Cortex in Adolescents With Major Depression.
The association of markers of cerebral small vessel disease and brain atrophy with incidence and course of depressive symptoms - the maastricht study.
Brain Dynamics Underlying Cognitive Flexibility Across the Lifespan.
Disrupted functional connectivity of precuneus subregions in obsessive-compulsive disorder
Moral Conflict in Economic Decision Making: The Role of the Anterior Cingulate Cortex-Striatum Pathway.
Pelvic Pain Alters Functional Connectivity Between Anterior Cingulate Cortex and Hippocampus in Both Humans and a Rat Model
White Matter Changes With Rehabilitation in Children With Developmental Coordination Disorder: A Randomized Controlled Trial
Atypical resting state functional connectivity in mild traumatic brain injury
The effect of action observation on aesthetic preference of Chinese calligraphy: An fMRI study
Altered spontaneous activity in the frontal gyrus in dry eye: a resting-state functional MRI study
Neural dynamics of semantic categorization in semantic variant of primary progressive aphasia
Visual experience modulates whole‐brain connectivity dynamics: A resting‐state fMRI study using the model of radiologists
Neural mechanisms of psychosis vulnerability and perceptual abnormalities in the ALS‐FTD spectrum
Decreased Nucleus Accumbens Connectivity at Rest in Medication-Free Patients with Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder
Dissociable contributions of frontal and temporal brain regions to basic semantic composition
Left temporal pole contributes to creative thinking via an individual semantic network.
Activating the attachment system modulates neural responses to threat in refugees with PTSD
A feature-based network analysis and fMRI meta-analysis reveal three distinct types of prosocial decisions
Proof‐of‐concept evidence for trimodal simultaneous investigation of human brain function
Attention, awareness, and the right temporoparietal junction
Intrinsic functional connectivity in families genetically enriched for social anxiety disorder – an endophenotype study
Gray Matter Abnormalities in Type 1 and Type 2 Diabetes: A Dual Disorder ALE Quantification
Classifying Vulnerability to Sleep Deprivation Using Resting-State Functional MRI Graph Theory Metrics
Visuomotor Adaptation Brain Changes During a Spaceflight Analog With Elevated Carbon Dioxide (CO2): A Pilot Study
Neural Evidence of Language Membership Control in Bilingual Word Recognition: An fMRI Study of Cognate Processing in Chinese–Japanese Bilinguals
Sensing and seeing associated with overlapping occipitoparietal activation in simultaneous EEG-fMRI
Morphological and Age-Related Changes in the Narcolepsy Brain.
Neural activation to loss and reward among alcohol naive adolescents who later initiate alcohol use
Highly superior autobiographical memory in aging: A single case study.
Functional Connectivity in Parkinson’s Disease Patients with Mild Cognitive Impairment
Age‐related and individual variations in altered prefrontal and cerebellar connectivity associated with the tendency of developing internet addiction
Neurobiological correlates of cue-reactivity in alcohol-use disorders: A voxel-wise meta-analysis of fMRI studies.
Resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging of the cerebellar vermis in patients with Parkinson's disease and visuospatial disorder.
Distinctive responses in anterior temporal lobe and ventrolateral prefrontal cortex during categorization of semantic information
Auditory cortical micro-networks show differential connectivity during voice and speech processing in humans
Evidence accumulation and associated error-related brain activity as computationally-informed prospective predictors of substance use in emerging adulthood.
Enhanced insightfulness and neural activation induced by metaphorical solutions to appropriate mental distress problems.
Effective connectivity underlying reward‐based executive control
Brain imaging-based machine learning in autism spectrum disorder: methods and applications.
Reward Processing in Psychiatric Inpatients With Depression.
The role of right temporo-parietal junction in stimulus evaluation.
Tracking spatial dynamics of functional connectivity during a task.
Neural substrates of human fear generalization: A 7T-fMRI investigation.
Combined varenicline and naltrexone attenuates alcohol cue-elicited activation in heavy drinking smokers.
Disrupted Asymmetry of Inter- and Intra-Hemispheric Functional Connectivity at Rest in Medication-Free Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder
Right Inferior Parietal Lobule Activity Is Associated With Handwriting Spontaneous Tempo
The Effects of rs405509 on APOEε4 Non-carriers in Non-demented Aging
Disrupted Spontaneous Neural Activity in Patients With Thyroid-Associated Ophthalmopathy: A Resting-State fMRI Study Using Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuation
Characteristics of Regional Cerebral Blood Flow in Alzheimer Disease and Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment by Single-Photon Emission Computerized Tomography: A Cross-Sectional Study
Cortical structural changes related to early antiretroviral therapy (ART) interruption in perinatally HIV-infected children at 5 years of age
Incidental Verbal Semantic Processing Recruits the Fronto-temporal Semantic Control Network.
Effect of Exoskeleton-Assisted Rehabilitation Over Prefrontal Cortex in Multiple Sclerosis Patients: A Neuroimaging Pilot Study
Glucose-level dependent brain hypometabolism in type 2 diabetes mellitus and obesity
BNST and amygdala connectivity are altered during threat anticipation in schizophrenia.
Intermittent Theta Burst Stimulation (iTBS) for Treatment of Chronic Post-Stroke Aphasia: Results of a Pilot Randomized, Double-Blind, Sham-Controlled Trial
Altered Cerebellum Spontaneous Activity in Juvenile Autism Spectrum Disorders Associated with Clinical Traits.
Functional near-infrared spectroscopy in developmental psychiatry: a review of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.
Avoiding monetary loss: A human habenula functional MRI ultra-high field study
Aberrant cerebral blood flow in tinnitus patients with migraine: a perfusion functional MRI study
Relationship between Memory Load and Listening Demands in Age-Related Hearing Impairment
Effect of Acupuncture on Neuroplasticity of Stroke Patients with Motor Dysfunction: A Meta-Analysis of fMRI Studies
Alteration of brain resting-state networks and functional connectivity in prelingual deafness.
Comparison of Visual Neuroadaptations After Multifocal and Monofocal Intraocular Lens Implantation
Mind-Body Exercise Modulates Locus Coeruleus and Ventral Tegmental Area Functional Connectivity in Individuals With Mild Cognitive Impairment
Motor Sequence Learning Deficits in Idiopathic Parkinson’s Disease Are Associated With Increased Substantia Nigra Activity
Increased Global-Brain Functional Connectivity Is Associated with Dyslipidemia and Cognitive Impairment in First-Episode, Drug-Naive Patients with Bipolar Disorder
Comparing cognition, coping skills and vedic personality of individuals practicing yoga, physical exercise or sedentary lifestyle: a cross-sectional fMRI study
Expertise influences congruency monitoring during action observation at the motor level
Tapentadol and oxycodone affect resting-state functional brain connectivity: A randomized, placebo-controlled trial.
Analysis of Default Mode Network in Social Anxiety Disorder: EEG Resting-State Effective Connectivity Study
Plastic Changes in Pain and Motor Network Induced by Chronic Burn Pain
Do Empathic Individuals Behave More Prosocially? Neural Correlates for Altruistic Behavior in the Dictator Game and the Dark Side of Empathy
Neural Correlates of Motor Recovery after Robot-Assisted Training in Chronic Stroke: A Multimodal Neuroimaging Study
Endocannabinoid signaling of homeostatic status modulates functional connectivity in reward and salience networks.
A functional magnetic resonance imaging investigation of prefrontal cortex deep transcranial magnetic stimulation efficacy in adults with attention deficit/hyperactive disorder: A double blind, randomized clinical trial
Brain gray matter differences among forensic psychiatric patients with psychosis and incarcerated individuals without psychosis: A source-based morphometry study
Human larynx motor cortices coordinate respiration for vocal-motor control.
Altered functional connectivity of the dentate nuclei in patients with schizophrenia.
Prospective study on microstructure in medication-naïve adolescents with first-episode major depressive disorder.
Associations between long-term psychosis risk, probabilistic category learning, and attenuated psychotic symptoms with cortical surface morphometry.
Neural correlates of disturbance in the sense of agency in schizophrenia: An fMRI study using the 'enfacement' paradigm.
Distinct Patterns of Brain Atrophy associated with Mild Behavioral Impairment in Cognitively Normal Elderly Adults
A Retrospective Case Series Analysis of the Relationship Between Phenylalanine: Tyrosine Ratio and Cerebral Glucose Metabolism in Classical Phenylketonuria and Hyperphenylalaninemia
Common Brain Substrates Underlying Auditory Speech Priming and Perceived Spatial Separation
Identifying Internet Addiction and Evaluating the Efficacy of Treatment Based on Functional Connectivity Density: A Machine Learning Study
Altered Functional Connectivity of Insular Subregions in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus
Inferior Frontal Gyrus-Based Resting-State Functional Connectivity and Medium Dispositional Use of Reappraisal Strategy
Regional Spontaneous Neural Activity Alterations in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A Meta-Analysis of Resting-State Functional MRI Studies
Effect of Methylphenidate on Resting-State Connectivity in Adolescents With a Disruptive Behavior Disorder: A Double-Blind Randomized Placebo-Controlled fMRI Study
Differences Changes in Cerebellar Functional Connectivity Between Mild Cognitive Impairment and Alzheimer's Disease: A Seed-Based Approach
Computational support, not primacy, distinguishes compensatory memory reorganization in epilepsy
Distinct aberrations in cerebral pain processing differentiating patients with fibromyalgia from patients with rheumatoid arthritis
Modeling [C]yohimbine PET human brain kinetics with test-retest reliability, competition sensitivity studies and search for a suitable reference region.
White matter deficits correlate with visual motion perception impairments in dyslexic carriers of the DCDC2 genetic risk variant
Adaptive brain activity changes during tongue movement with palatal coverage from fMRI data
Pretreatment intranetwork connectivity can predict the outcomes in idiopathic tinnitus patients treated with sound therapy
White matter degeneration in remote brain areas of stroke patients with motor impairment due to basal ganglia lesions
Regional gray matter volume associated with exercise dependence: A voxel‐based morphometry study
Three major psychiatric disorders share specific dynamic alterations of intrinsic brain activity.
A 7-Tesla MRI study of the periaqueductal gray: resting state and task activation under threat
Associations between ghrelin and leptin and neural food cue reactivity in a fasted and sated state.
Triple network hypothesis-related disrupted connections in schizophrenia: A spectral dynamic causal modeling analysis with functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Neural encoding and functional interactions underlying pantomimed movements
Cognitive Profiles of Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis Differ in Resting-State Functional Connectivity: An fMRI Study
Neural Correlates of Causal Inferences in Discourse Understanding and Logical Problem-Solving: A Meta-Analysis Study
Altered Functional Connectivity of the Basal Nucleus of Meynert in Subjective Cognitive Impairment, Early Mild Cognitive Impairment, and Late Mild Cognitive Impairment
Resting-State Functional Connectivity Signatures of Apathy in Community-Living Older Adults
Cognitive and neural predictors of speech comprehension in noisy backgrounds in older adults.
Representations of conceptual information during automatic and active semantic access.
Hypothalamus and amygdala functional connectivity at rest in narcolepsy type 1
The relationship between attention and avoidance coping in anorexia nervosa: functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Functional neuroanatomy of arithmetic in monolingual and bilingual adults and children
The Neural Correlates of Computational Thinking: Collaboration of Distinct Cognitive Components Revealed by fMRI.
Social thinking is for doing: the posterior cerebellum supports predictions of social actions based on personality traits
Structural brain correlates in major depression, anxiety disorders and post-traumatic stress disorder: A voxel-based morphometry meta-analysis.
Frontotemporal activation differs between perception of simulated cochlear implant speech and speech in background noise: An image-based fNIRS study
Neural basis of implicit cognitive reappraisal in panic disorder: an event-related fMRI study
A single session of moderate intensity exercise influences memory, endocannabinoids and brain derived neurotrophic factor levels in men
Baló's concentric sclerosis - A rare entity within the spectrum of demyelinating diseases.
Assessment of normalized cerebral blood flow and its connectivity with migraines without aura during interictal periods by arterial spin labeling
Localised increase in regional cerebral perfusion in patients with visual snow syndrome: a pseudo-continuous arterial spin labelling study
Dorsal and ventral striatal functional connectivity shifts play a potential role in internet gaming disorder
Recruitment of dlPFC during dietary self-regulation predicts the transience of regulatory effects.
Altered hippocampal functional connectivity patterns in patients with cognitive impairments following ischaemic stroke: A resting-state fMRI study
Interactive effects of the APOE and BDNF polymorphisms on functional brain connectivity: the Tasmanian Healthy Brain Project
The Influence of Heart Rate Variability Biofeedback on Cardiac Regulation and Functional Brain Connectivity
How Self-Appraisal Is Mediated by the Brain
Longitudinal white matter changes associated with cognitive training
Investigating the Neural Correlates of the Affect Heuristic Using Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging.
Changes in Cortical Coherence Supporting Complex Visual and Social Processing in Adolescence.
Neural Correlates of Subsequent Memory-Related Gaze Reinstatement.
Structure, function and connectivity fingerprints of the frontal eye field versus the inferior frontal junction: A comprehensive comparison
Laughter as a paradigm of socio-emotional signal processing in dementia
Interracial contact differentially shapes brain networks involved in social and non-social judgments from faces: a combination of univariate and multivariate approaches
Cortical thinning is associated with brain pulsatility in older adults: An MRI and NIRS study.
Pain processing in older adults with dementia-related cognitive impairment is associated with frontal neurodegeneration.
Neural mechanisms of foreign accent syndrome: Lesion and network analysis
Morphological profiles of fatigue in Sarcoidosis patients.
Increased subcortical region volume induced by electroconvulsive therapy in patients with schizophrenia.
Patient specific prediction of temporal lobe epilepsy surgical outcomes.
Short-Term Audiovisual Spatial Training Enhances Electrophysiological Correlates of Auditory Selective Spatial Attention
Abnormal Striatal-Cortical Networks Contribute to the Attention/Executive Function Deficits in Idiopathic REM Sleep Behavior Disorder: A Resting State Functional MRI Study
Distinctive Association of the Functional Connectivity of the Posterior Cingulate Cortex on Memory Performances in Early and Late Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment Patients
Reduced Brain Gray Matter Volume in Patients With First-Episode Major Depressive Disorder: A Quantitative Meta-Analysis
Structural and Functional Brain Abnormalities in Internet Gaming Disorder and Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder: A Comparative Meta-Analysis
Functional connectivity abnormalities in Type I Chiari: associations with cognition and pain
Neuronal correlates of the subjective experience of attention
The neural basis of compound word processing revealed by varying semantic transparency and morphemic neighborhood size.
Abnormal causal connectivity of left superior temporal gyrus in drug-naïve first- episode adolescent-onset schizophrenia: A resting-state fMRI study.
Quantifying Age-Related Changes in Brain and Behavior: A Longitudinal versus Cross-Sectional Approach
Neuroanatomical correlates of the perception of body axis orientation during body tilt: a voxel-based morphometry study
Altered empathy-related resting-state functional connectivity in patients with bipolar disorder.
Emotion depends on context, culture and their interaction: evidence from effective connectivity
White matter integrity differences in obesity: A meta-analysis of diffusion tensor imaging studies.
Altered Functional Connectivity Strength of Primary Visual Cortex in Subjects with Diabetic Retinopathy
Is neuroticism really bad for you? Dynamics in personality and limbic reactivity prior to, during and following real-life combat stress
Changes in brain metabolites and resting-state connectivity in collegiate basketball players as a function of play time.
Structural atrophy of the right superior frontal gyrus in adolescents with severe irritability
Cortical and white matter correlates of language‐learning aptitudes
The brain basis of handwriting deficits in Chinese children with developmental dyslexia
Symptom-Related Differential Neuroimaging Biomarkers in Children with Corpus Callosum Abnormalities.
Genetic Influence on Nociceptive Processing in the Human Brain—A Twin Study
The effects of positive or negative self-talk on the alteration of brain functional connectivity by performing cognitive tasks
Psychopathic traits mediate guilt-related anterior midcingulate activity under authority pressure
Functional Imaging to Guide Network-Based TMS Treatments: Toward a Tailored Medicine Approach in Alzheimer’s Disease
Functional Connectivity and Compensation of Phonemic Fluency in Aging
Altered Effective Connectivity of Children and Young Adults With Unilateral Amblyopia: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Measurement of Cortical Atrophy and Its Correlation to Memory Impairment in Patients With Asymptomatic Carotid Artery Stenosis Based on VBM-DARTEL
Anterior Cingulate Cortex Activity During Rest Is Related to Alterations in Pain Perception in Aging
Exposure to Criticism Modulates Left but Not Right Amygdala Functional Connectivity in Healthy Adolescents: Individual Influences of Perceived and Self-Criticism
Differential Effects of a Left Frontal Glioma on the Cortical Thickness and Complexity of Both Hemispheres
Syntax-Sensitive Regions of the Posterior Inferior Frontal Gyrus and the Posterior Temporal Lobe Are Differentially Recruited by Production and Perception
Task-Induced Functional Connectivity of the Syntax-Related Networks for Patients with a Cortical Glioma
Multisystemic Increment of Cortical Thickness in Congenital Blind Children
Intrinsic Connectivity Changes Mediate the Beneficial Effect of Cardiovascular Exercise on Sustained Visual Attention
The Resting Brain Sets Support-Giving in Motion: Dorsomedial Prefrontal Cortex Activity During Momentary Rest Primes Supportive Responding
Rapid Rule-Based Reward Reversal and the Lateral Orbitofrontal Cortex
The Modular Organization of Pain Brain Networks: An fMRI Graph Analysis Informed by Intracranial EEG
Brain Activation during Thoughts of One’s Own Death and Its Linear and Curvilinear Correlations with Fear of Death in Elderly Individuals: An fMRI Study
Observing Plasticity of the Auditory System: Volumetric Decreases Along with Increased Functional Connectivity in Aspiring Professional Musicians
Ventral–Dorsal Subregions in the Posterior Cingulate Cortex Represent Pay and Interest, Two Key Attributes of Job Value
How Memory Switches Brain Responses of Patients with Post-traumatic Stress Disorder
Automatic Processing of Numerosity in Human Neocortex Evidenced by Occipital and Parietal Neuromagnetic Responses
Behavioral and Neural Signatures of Visual Imagery Vividness Extremes: Aphantasia versus Hyperphantasia
Cerebellar and Cortical Correlates of Internal and External Speech Error Monitoring
Agrammatism and Paragrammatism: A Cortical Double Dissociation Revealed by Lesion-Symptom Mapping
Behavioral and Neural Correlates of Speech Motor Sequence Learning in Stuttering and Neurotypical Speakers: An fMRI Investigation
Aberrant functional and effective connectivity of the frontostriatal network in unilateral acute tinnitus patients with hearing loss.
Network properties and regional brain morphology of the insular cortex correlate with individual pain thresholds
Structural and functional brain alterations in anorexia nervosa:A multimodal meta‐analysis of neuroimaging studies
Exploring brain connectivity changes in major depressive disorder using functional‐structural data fusion: A CAN‐BIND‐1 study
Basal ganglia-orbitofrontal circuits are associated with prospective memory deficits in Wilson's disease.
Neural correlates of the improvement of cognitive performance resulting from enhanced sense of competence: A magnetoencephalography study
Abnormal effective connectivity in the sensory network in writer’s cramp
Dopaminergic brainstem disconnection is common to pharmacological and pathological consciousness perturbation
Alternations of interhemispheric functional connectivity in children with strabismus and amblyopia: a resting-state fMRI study
Decreased thalamo-cortico connectivity during an implicit sequence motor learning task and 7 days escitalopram intake
Multivariate semi-blind deconvolution of fMRI time series.
Altered Gray Matter Volume and Functional Connectivity in Patients With Vestibular Migraine
Hemispheric Difference of Regional Brain Function Exists in Patients With Acute Stroke in Different Cerebral Hemispheres: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Childhood Maltreatment Was Correlated With the Decreased Cortical Function in Depressed Patients Under Social Stress in a Working Memory Task: A Pilot Study
Frontal-midline theta reflects different mechanisms associated with proactive and reactive control of inhibition.
Lead exposure is associated with functional and microstructural changes in the healthy human brain
Intolerance of uncertainty is associated with heightened responding in the prefrontal cortex during cue-signalled uncertainty of threat
Diffusion tensor imaging brain structural clustering patterns in major depressive disorder
Attenuated neuronal and autonomic responses during error processing in anorexia nervosa
Age-related functional connectivity along the hippocampal longitudinal axis.
Neural Mechanism Underlying the Sleep Deprivation-Induced Abnormal Bistable Perception.
"I Spy with my Little Eye, Something that is a Face…": A Brain Network for Illusory Face Detection.
Overlapping and specific neural correlates for empathizing, affective mentalizing, and cognitive mentalizing: A coordinate‐based meta‐analytic study
Spatiotemporal Dynamics of Affective and Semantic Valence Among Women
Abnormal Degree Centrality in White Matter Hyperintensities: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Age-Related Differences in Auditory Cortex Activity During Spoken Word Recognition
The association between white matter hyperintensities, cognition and regional neural activity in healthy subjects.
Increased attentional network activity in premature ejaculation patients with anxiety revealed by resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Increased functional interaction within frontoparietal network during working memory task in major depressive disorder
Interactions between the hippocampus and fronto-parietal regions during memory encoding in early childhood.
Functional co-activation of the default mode network in APOE ε4-carriers: A replication study.
Larger thalamus correlated with inattentive severity in the inattentive subtype of ADHD without comorbidity.
Early post‐treatment blood oxygenation level‐dependent responses to emotion processing associated with clinical response to pharmacological treatment in major depressive disorder
Changes in Resting-State Spontaneous Brain Activity in Patients With Allergic Rhinitis: A Pilot Neuroimaging Study
Brain Frequency-Specific Changes in the Spontaneous Neural Activity Are Associated With Cognitive Impairment in Patients With Presbycusis
Management Based on Multimodal Brain Monitoring May Improve Functional Connectivity and Post-operative Neurocognition in Elderly Patients Undergoing Spinal Surgery
Abnormal Functional Connectivity of the Amygdala in Mild Cognitive Impairment Patients With Depression Symptoms Revealed by Resting-State fMRI
Cerebral Hemodynamic Correlates of Transcutaneous Auricular Vagal Nerve Stimulation in Consciousness Restoration: An Open-Label Pilot Study
The Interaction Effects of Suicidal Ideation and Childhood Abuse on Brain Structure and Function in Major Depressive Disorder Patients
Identifying the Representational Structure of Affect Using fMRI
Neural network modelling reveals changes in directional connectivity between cortical and hypothalamic regions with increased BMI
Increased modularity of the resting‐state network in children with nonsyndromic cleft lip and palate after speech rehabilitation
Multiple dimensions underlying the functional organization of the language network
An ALE meta-analytical review of the neural correlates of abstract and concrete words
Cortical representation of experimental periodontal pain: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Regional metabolic and network changes in Meige syndrome
Personalized prediction of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation clinical response in medication-refractory depression data
Brain network excitatory/inhibitory imbalance is a biomarker for drug-naive Rolandic epilepsy: A radiomics strategy.
Motivational system modulates brain responses during exploratory decision-making
Neural Hierarchy of Color Categorization: From Prototype Encoding to Boundary Encoding
Functional MRI of Native and Non-native Speech Sound Production in Sequential German-English Bilinguals
Altered Functional Connectivity of the Salience Network in Problematic Smartphone Users
Dynamic Altered Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuations in Patients With Major Depressive Disorder
Brain function state in different phases and its relationship with clinical symptoms of migraine: an fMRI study based on regional homogeneity (ReHo)
Brain activations associated with anticipation and delivery of monetary reward: A systematic review and meta-analysis of fMRI studies
Neural signatures of bullying experience and social rejection in teenagers
Lower regional gray matter volume in the absence of higher cortical amyloid burden in late-life depression
Altered Spontaneous Neural Activity and Functional Connectivity in Parkinson’s Disease With Subthalamic Microlesion
Parietal Lobe Reorganization and Widespread Functional Connectivity Integration in Upper-Limb Amputees: A rs-fMRI Study
Children With Dyscalculia Show Hippocampal Hyperactivity During Symbolic Number Perception
Common and Distinct Alterations of Cognitive Function and Brain Structure in Schizophrenia and Major Depressive Disorder: A Pilot Study
Altered Functional Brain Network in Systemic Lupus Erythematosus Patients Without Overt Neuropsychiatric Symptoms Based on Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging and Multivariate Pattern Analysis
Neurological Soft Signs Are Associated With Altered White Matter in Patients With Schizophrenia
Diffusion tensor imaging reveals neuronal microstructural changes in myalgic encephalomyelitis/chronic fatigue syndrome
Brain Functional Correlates of Episodic Memory Using an Ecological Free Recall Task
Enhanced Expectation of External Sensations of the Chest Regulates the Emotional Perception of Fearful Faces
The longitudinal relationship between BOLD signal variability changes and white matter maturation during early childhood.
Altered topographical organization of grey matter structural network in early-onset schizophrenia.
Relationship between BMI and alcohol consumption levels in decision making
Exploring the neurocognome: Neurocognitive network organization in healthy young adults.
Neural signature of delayed fear generalization under stress.
Grey Matter Loss at Different Stages of Cognitive Decline: A Role for the Thalamus in Developing Alzheimer’s Disease
Chinese and Western Musical Training Impacts the Circuit in Auditory and Reward Systems
Punishment on Pause: Preliminary Evidence That Mindfulness Training Modifies Neural Responses in a Reactive Aggression Task
White Matter Microstructure Alterations Associated With Paroxetine Treatment Response in Major Depression
From Visual Perception to Aesthetic Appeal: Brain Responses to Aesthetically Appealing Natural Landscape Movies
Low-Frequency TMS Results in Condition-Related Dynamic Activation Changes of Stimulated and Contralateral Inferior Parietal Lobule
Dedifferentiation of Functional Brain Activation Associated With Greater Visual Discrimination Accuracy in Middle-Aged and Older Adults
Alterations of Regional Homogeneity in the Mild and Moderate Stages of Parkinson’s Disease
Functional connectivity and cognitive changes after donepezil treatment in healthy participants.
Neurophysiological indicators of internal attention: An fMRI-eye-tracking coregistration study.
In vivo exploration of synaptic projections in frontotemporal dementia
The cerebellum is linked to theory of mind alterations in autism. A direct clinical and MRI comparison between individuals with autism and cerebellar neurodegenerative pathologies
Contributions of Brain Function and Structure to Three Different Domains of Cognitive Control in Normal Aging.
Functional Delineation of Prefrontal Networks Underlying Working Memory in Schizophrenia: A Cross-data-set Examination.
Potential scalp stimulation targets for mental disorders: evidence from neuroimaging studies
Disentangling predictive processing in the brain: a meta-analytic study in favour of a predictive network
Cerebral Responses to Stationary Emotional Stimuli Measured by fMRI in Women with Persistent Postural-Perceptual Dizziness
Distinct Contributions of Genes and Environment to Visual Size Illusion and the Underlying Neural Mechanism
The Neural Representation of Ordinal Information: Domain-Specific or Domain-General?
Aberrant Effective Connectivity of the Ventral Putamen in Boys With Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder
Cortical thickness, gyrification and sulcal depth in trigeminal neuralgia
Neuropsychobiological Fingerprints of Chronic Fatigue in Sarcoidosis
Functional MRI-Specific Alterations in Salience Network in Mild Cognitive Impairment: An ALE Meta-Analysis
Sleep Enhances Consolidation of Memory Traces for Complex Problem-Solving Skills.
Acquired olfactory loss alters functional connectivity and morphology
The Thought From the Machine: Neural Basis of Thoughts With a Coherent and Diminished Sense of Authorship.
Brain Functional Connectivity Changes in Patients with Acute Eye Pain: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging (fMRI) Study
Repeated anodal high-definition transcranial direct current stimulation over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in mild cognitive impairment patients increased regional homogeneity in multiple brain regions
Development of functional connectivity within and among the resting-state networks in anesthetized rhesus monkeys.
Functional localization and categorization of intentional decisions in humans: A meta-analysis of brain imaging studies.
Direct voluntary control of pupil constriction and dilation: Exploratory evidence from pupillometry, optometry, skin conductance, perception, and functional MRI.
The Association Between Resting State Functional Connectivity and the Trait of Impulsivity and Suicidal Ideation in Young Depressed Patients With Suicide Attempts
Reading and Calculation Neural Systems and Their Weighted Adaptive Use for Programming Skills
Specificity of anhedonic alterations in resting-state network connectivity and structure: A transdiagnostic approach.
On the relation of gyrification and cortical thickness alterations to the suicidal risk and mental pain in chronic schizophrenia outpatients.
Neural correlates of reversal learning in frontotemporal dementia.
The cue-reactivity paradigm: An ensemble of networks driving attention and cognition when viewing drug and natural reward-related stimuli.
Sleep disturbances are associated with cortical and subcortical atrophy in alcohol use disorder
Association of 25‐hydroxyvitamin D status with brain volume changes
Prefrontal and striatal dopamine D2/D3 receptors correlate with fMRI BOLD activation during stopping
Delineating insight-processing-related functional activations in the precuneus in first-episode psychosis patients.
Different modulation effects of 1 Hz and 20 Hz transcutaneous auricular vagus nerve stimulation on the functional connectivity of the periaqueductal gray in patients with migraine
Homeostasis and food craving in obesity: a functional MRI study
Different effects of the DRD4 genotype on intrinsic brain network connectivity strength in drug-naïve children with ADHD and healthy controls
Hippocampal-Cortical Encoding Activity Predicts the Precision of Episodic Memory.
White Matter Hyperintensities of Bilateral Lenticular Putamen in Patients with Proliferative Diabetic Retinopathy: A Voxel‐based Morphometric Study
The Association of Metabolic Dysfunction and Mood Across Lifespan Interacts With the Default Mode Network Functional Connectivity
Altered regional homogeneity in patients with ovarian cancer treated with chemotherapy: a resting state fMRI study.
Neural dynamics between anterior insular cortex and right supramarginal gyrus dissociate genuine affect sharing from perceptual saliency of pretended pain
Alterations in functional network centrality in first-episode drug-naïve adolescent-onset schizophrenia.
Reward Processing in Trichotillomania and Skin Picking Disorder
Impaired white matter microstructure associated with severe depressive symptoms in patients with PD.
Social relationship-dependent neural response to speech in dogs.
Odors Associated With Autobiographical Memory Induce Visual Imagination of Emotional Scenes as Well as Orbitofrontal-Fusiform Activation
Differentiation of Cerebellum-Type and Parkinson-Type of Multiple System Atrophy by Using Multimodal MRI Parameters
Ginkgo Biloba Extract Is Comparable With Donepezil in Improving Functional Recovery in Alzheimer’s Disease: Results From a Multilevel Characterized Study Based on Clinical Features and Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging
Establishing a counter-empathy processing model: evidence from functional magnetic resonance imaging
A meta‐analysis on shared and distinct neural correlates of the decision‐making underlying altruistic and retaliatory punishment
Mixed‐effects multilevel analysis followed by canonical correlation analysis is an effective fMRI tool for the investigation of idiosyncrasies
Baseline Functional Connectivity in Resting State Networks Associated with Depression and Remission Status after 16 Weeks of Pharmacotherapy: A CAN-BIND Report.
Brain and Behavioral Evidence for Reweighting of Vestibular Inputs with Long-Duration Spaceflight.
Brain multimodal co-alterations related to delay discounting: a multimodal MRI fusion analysis in persons with and without cocaine use disorder
Insula activity in resting-state differentiates bipolar from unipolar depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis
Feedback from lateral occipital cortex to V1/V2 triggers object completion: Evidence from functional magnetic resonance imaging and dynamic causal modeling
Impaired perception of illusory contours and cortical hypometabolism in patients with Parkinson’s disease
Is the prefrontal cortex organized by supramodal or modality-specific sensory demands during adolescence?
The effects of age on neural correlates of recognition memory: An fMRI study.
Neural Correlates of Mild Behavioral Impairment: A Functional Brain Connectivity Study Using Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging
Abnormal Functional Connectivity Between the Left Medial Superior Frontal Gyrus and Amygdala Underlying Abnormal Emotion and Premature Ejaculation: A Resting State fMRI Study
Reducing Susceptibility Distortion Related Image Blurring in Diffusion MRI EPI Data
The Impact of Motor Imageries on Aesthetic Judgment of Chinese Calligraphy: An fMRI Study
Abnormalities of Brain White Matter in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A Meta-Analysis of Diffusion Tensor Imaging
Decoding expectation and surprise in dementia: the paradigm of music
Prediction of dispositional dialectical thinking from resting‐state electroencephalography
Migraine attacks as a result of hypothalamic loss of control
Brain functional specialization and cooperation in Parkinson's disease.
Communicative And Affective Components in Processing Auditory Vitality Forms: An fMRI Study
A reachable probability approach for the analysis of spatio-temporal dynamics in the human functional network.
Neural substrates of propranolol-induced impairments in the reconsolidation of nicotine-associated memories in smokers
Multiple bouts of high-intensity interval exercise reverse age-related functional connectivity disruptions without affecting motor learning in older adults
Regional Neural Activity Changes in Parkinson’s Disease-Associated Mild Cognitive Impairment and Cognitively Normal Patients
Regional and remote connectivity patterns in focal extratemporal lobe epilepsy
Shared and distinct brain fMRI response during performance of working memory tasks in adult patients with schizophrenia and major depressive disorder
Scalp acupuncture enhances local brain regions functional activities and functional connections between cerebral hemispheres in acute ischemic stroke patients
Neuroplasticity Caused by Peripheral Proprioceptive Deficits
Shared and specific patterns of structural and functional thalamo-frontal disturbances in manic and euthymic pediatric bipolar disorder
The relationship between cognitive ability and BOLD activation across sleep-wake states.
Aberrant Cerebello-Cerebral Connectivity in Remitted Bipolar Patients 1 and 2: New Insight into Understanding the Cerebellar Role in Mania and Hypomania
Probabilistic mapping of thalamic nuclei and thalamocortical functional connectivity in idiopathic generalised epilepsy
Effects of bariatric surgery on functional connectivity of the reward and default mode network: A pre‐registered analysis
Meta-analytic connectivity modelling of deception-related brain regions
The Potential Effects of Oxidative Stress-Related Plasma Abnormal Protein Aggregate Levels on Brain Volume and Its Neuropsychiatric Consequences in Parkinson's Disease
Investigation of the neural correlates of mentalizing through the Dynamic Inference Task, a new naturalistic task of social cognition.
Brain Regions Involved in Underlying Syntactic Processing of Mandarin Chinese Intransitive Verbs: An fMRI Study
Anhedonia in Semantic Dementia—Exploring Right Hemispheric Contributions to the Loss of Pleasure
Neural Activation in Risky Decision-Making Tasks in Healthy Older Adults: A Meta-Analysis of fMRI Data
Weaker Connectivity of the Cortical Networks Is Linked with the Uncharacteristic Gait in Youth with Cerebral Palsy
Changes in Brain Activation through Cognitive-Behavioral Therapy with Exposure to Virtual Reality: A Neuroimaging Study of Specific Phobia
Examining the Neurobiology of Non-Suicidal Self-Injury in Children and Adolescents: The Role of Reward Responsivity
Neural Correlates of Garment Fit and Purchase Intention in the Consumer Decision-Making Process and the Influence of Product Presentation
Visual-Spatial and Verbal Remote Association: An fMRI Study
Symbols Are Special: An fMRI Adaptation Study of Symbolic, Nonsymbolic, and Non-Numerical Magnitude Processing in the Human Brain
Context dependent differences in working memory related brain activity in heavy cannabis users
Altered brain activity in the bilateral frontal cortices and neural correlation with cognitive impairment in schizophrenia.
Reconciling psychological and neuroscientific accounts of reduced motivation in aging
Gray matter volume reduction with different disease duration in trigeminal neuralgia
Professional chess expertise modulates whole brain functional connectivity pattern homogeneity and couplings.
Development of navigation network revealed by resting-state and task-state functional connectivity.
Chemo-brain: An activation likelihood estimation meta-analysis of functional magnetic resonance imaging studies.
Belief in Communism and Theory of Mind
Ventral intermediate nucleus structural connectivity-derived segmentation: anatomical reliability and variability.
White matter abnormalities in misophonia
Reduced frontal cortical tracking of conflict between self-beneficial versus prosocial motives in Narcissistic Personality Disorder.
Premotor and fronto-striatal mechanisms associated with presence hallucinations in dementia with Lewy bodies
Simultaneous EEG-fMRI reveals theta network alterations during reward feedback processing in borderline personality disorder
Age-Dependent Contribution of Domain-General Networks to Semantic Cognition
Neural correlates of doubt in decision-making.
Central functional reorganization and recovery following facial-hypoglossal neurorrhaphy for facial paralysis
An fMRI study of cognitive reappraisal in major depressive disorder and borderline personality disorder
Extended Frontal Networks for Visual and Auditory Working Memory.
Investigation of structural brain correlates of neurological soft signs in individuals at ultra-high risk for psychosis.
Dysfunction in differential reward-punishment responsiveness in conduct disorder relates to severity of callous-unemotional traits but not irritability
Individual differences in representational similarity of first and second languages in the bilingual brain
Linking temporal-parietal junction to internet addiction tendency: Moderating effect of critical thinking
Resting-state functional connectivity and reading subskills in children.
Touching events predict human action segmentation in brain and behavior.
Sex-specific frontal-striatal connectivity differences among adolescents with externalizing disorders
Functional Interactions Between Neural Substrates of Socio-cognitive Mechanisms Involved in Simple Deception and Manipulative Truth.
Neural impact of neighborhood socioeconomic disadvantage in traumatically injured adults
Surface-based map plasticity of brain regions related to sensory motor and pain information processing after osteonecrosis of the femoral head
Should we keep some distance from distancing? Regulatory and post-regulatory effects of emotion downregulation
Stronger proprioceptive BOLD-responses in the somatosensory cortices reflect worse sensorimotor function in adolescents with and without cerebral palsy
Time-delay structure predicts clinical scores for patients with disorders of consciousness using resting-state fMRI
Constructing Others' Beliefs from One's Own Using Medial Frontal Cortex
The nature of the self: Neural analyses and heritability estimates of self‐evaluations in middle childhood
A combination of support vector machine and voxel-based morphometry in adult male alcohol use disorder patients with cognitive deficits.
Decoding the difference between explicit and implicit body expression representation in high level visual, prefrontal and inferior parietal cortex.
Hippocampal Resting-State Functional Connectivity Forecasts Individual Posttraumatic Stress Disorder Symptoms: A Data-Driven Approach.
Brain responses during delay discounting in youth at high-risk for substance use disorders
Disorganized resting-state functional connectivity between the dorsal attention network and intrinsic networks in Parkinson's disease with freezing of gait.
Impairment of the visuospatial working memory in the patients with Parkinson’s Disease: an fMRI study
Neural correlates of emotional reactivity and regulation in traumatized North Korean refugees
Motor Circuit and Superior Temporal Sulcus Activities Linked to Individual Differences in Multisensory Speech Perception.
Altered Resting-State Functional Connectivity in the Default Mode Network in Male Juvenile Violent Offenders
Cortical surface abnormalities are different depending on the stage of schizophrenia: A cross-sectional vertexwise mega-analysis of thickness, area and gyrification.
Cognitive dysfunction and cerebral volumetric deficits in individuals with Alzheimer's disease, alcohol use disorder, and dual diagnosis.
Altered Functional Connectivity in the Resting State Neostriatum After Complete Sleep Deprivation: Impairment of Motor Control and Regulatory Network
Acupuncture With deqi Modulates the Hemodynamic Response and Functional Connectivity of the Prefrontal-Motor Cortical Network
Driving With Distraction: Measuring Brain Activity and Oculomotor Behavior Using fMRI and Eye-Tracking
Voxel-Wise Analysis of Structural and Functional MRI for Lateralization of Handedness in College Students
Cortical Areas Associated With Multisensory Integration Showing Altered Morphology and Functional Connectivity in Relation to Reduced Life Quality in Vestibular Migraine
Early Warning Value of ASL-MRI to Estimate Premorbid Variations in Patients With Early Postoperative Cognitive Dysfunctions
Divergent Connectivity Changes in Gray Matter Structural Covariance Networks in Subjective Cognitive Decline, Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment, and Alzheimer’s Disease
Using Fractional Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuations and Functional Connectivity in Patients With Post-stroke Cognitive Impairment for a Simulated Stimulation Program
Alterations in brain structure and function in patients with osteonecrosis of the femoral head: a multimodal MRI study
The Neural Representational Space of Social Memory
Dissociable effects of age and Parkinson’s disease on instruction-based learning
Alteration of regional heterogeneity and functional connectivity for obese undergraduates: evidence from resting-state fMRI.
Ventral striatal resting-state functional connectivity in adolescents is associated with earlier onset of binge drinking.
Abnormal Neural Activity in Different Frequency Bands in Parkinson’s Disease With Mild Cognitive Impairment
Magnetic Resonance Imaging Studies on Acupuncture Therapy in Depression: A Systematic Review
Relationship between behavioral inhibition and approach motivation systems (BIS/BAS) and intrinsic brain network connectivity in adult cannabis users.
Evaluation of the whole auditory pathway using high-resolution and functional MRI at 7T parallel-transmit
Neural Correlates of Hand-Object Congruency Effects during Action Planning.
The Effect of Familiarity on Neural Representations of Music and Language.
Probing the Neural Systems Underlying Flexible Dimensional Attention.
Sex Differences in the Blood Oxygen Level-Dependent Signal to Placebo Analgesia and Nocebo Hyperalgesia in Experimental Pain: A Functional MRI Study
The Brain Structure and Intrinsic Characters of Falsification Thinking in Conditional Proposition Testing
fMRI Neurofeedback-Enhanced Cognitive Reappraisal Training in Depression: A Double-Blind Comparison of Left and Right vlPFC Regulation
Gray matter asymmetry in asymptomatic carotid stenosis
Cerebral perfusion changes in chronic dizziness: A single-photon emission computed tomography study
rsfMRI based evidence for functional connectivity alterations in adults with developmental stuttering
Differentiation of multiple system atrophy subtypes by gray matter atrophy.
Neuro-computational foundations of moral preferences
Technical Note: Modulation of fMRI brainstem responses by transcutaneous vagus nerve stimulation.
Affective episodes in recently diagnosed patients with bipolar disorder associated with altered working memory-related prefrontal cortex activity: A longitudinal fMRI study.
Decreased Cortical Folding of the Fusiform Gyrus and Its Hypoconnectivity with Sensorimotor Areas in Major Depressive Disorder.
Trait and state alterations in excitatory connectivity between subgenual anterior cingulate cortex and cerebellum in patients with current and remitted depression.
Altered resting-state functional connectivity of the right precuneus and cognition between depressed and non-depressed schizophrenia.
Suppression, Maintenance, and Surprise: Neuronal Correlates of Predictive Processing Specialization for Musical Rhythm
Head-Down-Tilt Bed Rest With Elevated CO2: Effects of a Pilot Spaceflight Analog on Neural Function and Performance During a Cognitive-Motor Dual Task
Arterial Spin Labeling Cerebral Perfusion Changes in Chronic Tinnitus With Tension-Type Headache
Abnormal Functional Connectivity of Posterior Cingulate Cortex Correlates With Phonemic Verbal Fluency Deficits in Major Depressive Disorder
Altered Regional Homogeneity and Functional Connectivity during Microlesion Period after Deep Brain Stimulation in Parkinson's Disease
Abnormal Brain Activation During Verbal Memory Encoding in Postacute Anti-N-Methyl-d-Aspartate Receptor Encephalitis
Alternation of brain intrinsic activity in patients with hypertensive retinopathy: a resting-state fMRI study
Brain functional alterations in MDD patients with somatic symptoms: A resting-state fMRI study.
Dopaminergic and noradrenergic modulation of stress-induced alterations in brain activation associated with goal-directed behaviour
Dynamic causal modeling of the working memory system of aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage patients: Searching for targets for cortical intervention
Neural Correlates of Anti-appetite Medications: An fMRI Meta-analysis
Neural underpinnings of morality judgment and moral aesthetic judgment
Two types of phonological reading impairment in stroke aphasia
Neural mechanisms of pain processing differ between endurance athletes and nonathletes: A functional connectivity magnetic resonance imaging study
The Higher Parietal Cortical Thickness in Abstinent Methamphetamine Patients Is Correlated With Functional Connectivity and Age of First Usage
Dengzhanxixin Injection Ameliorates Cognitive Impairment Through a Neuroprotective Mechanism Based on Mitochondrial Preservation in Patients With Acute Ischemic Stroke
Neuroanatomical Correlates of Impulsive Choices and Risky Decision Making in Young Chronic Tobacco Smokers: A Voxel-Based Morphometry Study
Reversed patterns of resting state functional connectivity for females vs. males in posttraumatic stress disorder
Self-regulation in the pre-adolescent brain
Decreased nocturnal heart rate variability and potentially related brain regions in arteriosclerotic cerebral small vessel disease
Firefighters Have Cerebral Blood Flow Reductions in the Orbitofrontal and Insular Cortices That are Associated with Poor Sleep Quality
Altered Patterns of Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuations and Fractional Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuations Between Amnestic and Vascular Mild Cognitive Impairment: An ALE-Based Comparative Meta-Analysis
Degree Centrality of a Brain Network Is Altered by Stereotype Threat: Evidences From a Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
The resting-state cerebro-cerebellar function connectivity and associations with verbal working memory performance.
How prenatal exposures shape the infant brain: Insights from infant neuroimaging studies.
Lesion-symptom mapping of language impairments in patients suffering from left perisylvian gliomas.
Altered regional activity and connectivity of functional brain networks in congenital unilateral conductive hearing loss
The neural foundation of associative memory: a dynamic functional connectivity study for right-handed young adults.
Aberrant Intraregional Brain Activity and Functional Connectivity in Patients With Diarrhea-Predominant Irritable Bowel Syndrome
rTMS Induces Brain Functional and Structural Alternations in Schizophrenia Patient With Auditory Verbal Hallucination
Exploring Signatures of Neurodegeneration in Early-Onset Older-Age Bipolar Disorder and Behavioral Variant Frontotemporal Dementia
Altered Functional Connectivity Strength at Rest in Medication-Free Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder
Cerebellar Activation Deficits in Schizophrenia During an Eyeblink Conditioning Task
Developmental change in prefrontal cortex recruitment supports the emergence of value-guided memory
Neural dynamics underlying the acquisition of distinct auditory category structures.
Early and late neural correlates of mentalizing: ALE meta-analyses in adults, children and adolescents
Neuroanatomical Profile of Young Females with Fragile X Syndrome: A Voxel-Based Morphometry Analysis.
Neuroanatomical correlates of reality monitoring in patients with schizophrenia and auditory hallucinations
Dynamics underlying auditory-object-boundary detection in primary auditory cortex.
Effective connectivity decreases in specific brain networks with postparalysis facial synkinesis: a dynamic causal modeling study.
Quantifying neural efficiency and neural capacity across the brain during a working memory task using a quadratic model of neural-cognitive relationships.
Polygenic risk for obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) predicts brain response during working memory task in OCD, unaffected relatives, and healthy controls
Effects of social and emotional context on neural activation and synchrony during movie viewing
Effects of acupuncture stimulation on brain activation induced by cue-elicited alcohol craving
Correlations between hippocampal functional connectivity, structural changes, and clinical data in patients with relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis: a case-control study using multimodal magnetic resonance imaging
Cognitive impairment and depression: Meta-analysis of structural magnetic resonance imaging studies
The mid-term effects of carotid endarterectomy on cognition and regional neural activity analyzed with the amplitude of low frequency fluctuations technique
The neural basis of number word processing in children and adults
Alteration of power law scaling of spontaneous brain activity in schizophrenia.
Do shapes have feelings? Social attribution in children with autism spectrum disorder and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder
Renormalization of Thalamic Sub-Regional Functional Connectivity Contributes to Improvement of Cognitive Function after Liver Transplantation in Cirrhotic Patients with Overt Hepatic Encephalopathy
Mental Visualization in the Cerebellum: Rapid Non-motor Learning at Sub-Lobular and Causal Network Levels
Brain Network to Placebo and Nocebo Responses in Acute Experimental Lower Back Pain: A Multivariate Granger Causality Analysis of fMRI Data
Effects of Aging on the Neural Mechanisms Underlying the Recollection of Memories Encoded by Social Interactions With Persons in the Same and Different Age Groups
Computerized Music-Reading Intervention Improves Resistance to Unisensory Distraction Within a Multisensory Task, in Young and Older Adults
Visual Explanation for Identification of the Brain Bases for Developmental Dyslexia on fMRI Data
Altered Cortical Cholinergic Network in Parkinson’s Disease at Different Stage: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Microstructural Abnormalities of White Matter Across Tourette Syndrome: A Voxel-Based Meta-Analysis of Fractional Anisotropy
Altered Gray Matter Volume, Functional Connectivity, and Degree Centrality in Early-Onset Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus
Objective Assessment of Hyposmia in Alzheimer's Disease From Image and Behavior by Combining Pleasant Odor With Unpleasant Odor
Altered Coupling Between Resting-State Cerebral Blood Flow and Functional Connectivity Strength in Cervical Spondylotic Myelopathy Patients
Chinese-English bilinguals show linguistic-perceptual links in the brain associating short spoken phrases with corresponding real-world natural action sounds by semantic category.
Convergent and divergent brain structural and functional abnormalities associated with developmental dyslexia
The influence of emotion on working memory: Exploratory fMRI findings among men with histories of childhood sexual abuse.
The Assessment of Brain Volume Differences in Idiopathic Central Precocious Puberty Girls; Comparison of Age-Matched Girls and Normal Puberty Girls
Neuroanatomical Correlates of Binge-Eating Behavior: At the Roots of Unstoppable Eating
Considering Hemispheric Specialization in Emotional Face Processing: An Eye Tracking Study in Left- and Right-Lateralised Semantic Dementia
Epigenetic Mediation of AKT1 rs1130233’s Effect on Delta-9-Tetrahydrocannabinol-Induced Medial Temporal Function during Fear Processing
Brain Abnormalities in Individuals with a Desire for a Healthy Limb Amputation: Somatosensory, Motoric or Both? A Task-Based fMRI Verdict
Effective Connectivity in the Human Brain for Sour Taste, Retronasal Smell, and Combined Flavour
Reduced Hippocampal-Striatal Interactions during Formation of Durable Episodic Memories in Aging
Frontopolar Cortex Response to Positive Feedback Relates to Nonincentivized Task Persistence.
Right‐hemispheric language reorganization in patients with brain arteriovenous malformations: A functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Neural substrates of deficient cognitive control in individuals with severe internet gaming disorder
Longitudinal thalamic white and grey matter changes associated with visual hallucinations in Parkinson’s disease
Distinct Neural Correlates of Linguistic and Non-Linguistic Demand
Reduced functional network connectivity is associated with upper limb dysfunction in acute ischemic brainstem stroke.
Polygenic risk score for bipolar disorder associates with divergent thinking and brain structures in the prefrontal cortex
Effective Connectivity of Right Amygdala Subregions Predicts Symptom Improvement Following 12-Week Pharmacological Therapy in Major Depressive Disorder
Identification of a Brain Network Underlying the Execution of Freely Chosen Movements.
Mathematical learning deficits originate in early childhood from atypical development of a frontoparietal brain network
Effect of parental depressive symptoms on offspring's brain structure and function: A systematic review of neuroimaging studies.
Memory enhancement with stimulants: Differential neural effects of methylphenidate, modafinil, and caffeine. A pilot study.
Default and executive networks’ roles in diverse adolescents’ emotionally engaged construals of complex social issues
Motherhood and theory of mind: increased activation in the posterior cingulate cortex and insulae
No Evidence for Neural Overlap between Unconsciously Processed and Imagined Stimuli
Intrinsic Functional Connectivity of the Anterior Cingulate Cortex Is Associated with Tolerance to Distress
Brain Activation Induced by Myopic and Hyperopic Defocus From Spectacles
Combining Concepts Across Categorical Domains: A Linking Role of the Precuneus
Association between retinal vessel density and postoperative time after primary repair of rhegmatogenous retinal detachment
Gymkhana and pylon slalom driving training effects on the cerebellum structure.
Altered Variability and Concordance of Dynamic Resting-State fMRI Indices in Patients With Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder
Abnormalities of Localized Connectivity in Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder: A Voxel-Wise Meta-Analysis
Disrupted Dynamic Functional Connectivity in Distinguishing Subjective Cognitive Decline and Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment Based on the Triple-Network Model
To explore the mechanism of tobacco addiction using structural and functional MRI: a preliminary study of the role of the cerebellum-striatum circuit.
Resting state predicts neural activity during reward-guided decision making: An fMRI study on Balloon Analogue Risk Task.
Abnormal functional connectivity of the anterior cingulate cortex subregions mediates the association between anhedonia and sleep quality in major depressive disorder.
Functional connectivity of amygdala subregions predicts vulnerability to depression following the COVID-19 pandemic
Understanding identification-based trust in the light of affiliative bonding: Meta-analytic neuroimaging evidence.
Ventral Striatal-Hippocampus Coupling During Reward Processing as a Stratification Biomarker for Psychotic Disorders.
Striatal networks for tinnitus treatment targeting
The Central Inflammatory Network: A Hypothalamic fMRI Study of Experimental Endotoxemia in Humans
From Molecular to Behavior: Higher Order Occipital Cortex in Major Depressive Disorder.
Amyloid-driven disruption of default mode network connectivity in cognitively healthy individuals
Alterations of regional spontaneous brain activities in anxiety disorders: A meta-analysis.
A fundamental distinction in early neural processing of implicit social interpretation in schizophrenia and bipolar disorder
Functional and clinical outcomes of FMRI-based neurofeedback training in patients with alcohol dependence: a pilot study
Decreased gray matter volume and increased white matter volume in patients with neovascular age-related macular degeneration: a voxel-based morphometry study
Identification of community structure-based brain states and transitions using functional MRI
Glucose hypometabolism in the Auditory Pathway in Age Related Hearing Loss in the ADNI cohort
Cannabis use and resting state functional connectivity in adolescent bipolar disorder
Gait-Related Brain Activation During Motor Imagery of Complex and Simple Ambulation in Parkinson's Disease With Freezing of Gait
Irritability Is Associated With Decreased Cortical Surface Area and Anxiety With Decreased Gyrification During Brain Development
Facial Expression Recognition and ReHo Analysis in Major Depressive Disorder
Interleukin 6 predicts increased neural response during face processing in a sample of individuals with schizophrenia and healthy participants: A functional magnetic resonance imaging study
The neuroscience of advanced scientific concepts
You read my mind: fMRI markers of threatening appraisals in people with persistent psychotic experiences
Differences in executive abilities rather than associative processes contribute to memory development
The neural correlates of referential communication: Taking advantage of sparse-sampling fMRI to study verbal communication with a real interaction partner.
Structural gray matter differences in Problematic Usage of the Internet: a systematic review and meta-analysis
Decoupling of functional and structural language networks in temporal lobe epilepsy
Effect of deep brain stimulation on brain network and white matter integrity in Parkinson's disease
The limits of motivational influence in ADHD: no evidence for an altered reaction to negative reinforcement
Dynamic Transitions between Neural States Are Associated with Flexible Task Switching during a Memory Task.
Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Reveals Early Connectivity Changes in the Auditory and Vestibular Cortices in Idiopathic Sudden Sensorineural Hearing Loss With Vertigo: A Pilot Study
Childhood maltreatment results in altered deactivation of reward processing circuits in depressed patients: A functional magnetic resonance imaging study of a facial emotion recognition task
Modulating medial prefrontal cortex activity using real-time fMRI neurofeedback: Effects on reality monitoring performance and associated functional connectivity
Brain age and Alzheimer's-like atrophy are domain-specific predictors of cognitive impairment in Parkinson's disease.
EEG Spatiotemporal Patterns Underlying Self-other Voice Discrimination
Sex Differences and Exogenous Estrogen Influence Learning and Brain Responses to Prediction Errors.
Hypertension With High Homocysteine Is Associated With Default Network Gray Matter Loss
Tormenting thoughts: The posterior cingulate sulcus of the default mode network regulates valence of thoughts and activity in the brain's pain network during music listening
Right cerebral motor areas that support accurate speech production following damage to cerebellar speech areas
Altered spatiotemporal consistency in pediatric bipolar disorder patients with and without psychotic symptoms
Exploring the neural correlates of (altered) moral cognition in psychopaths
Reduced gray matter brain volume and cortical thickness in adults with type 1 diabetes and neuropathy.
Dynamic Functional Connectivity Reveals Abnormal Variability in the Amygdala Subregions of Children With Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder
Altered Hypothalamic Functional Connectivity Following Total Sleep Deprivation in Young Adult Males
Changes in Brain Responses to Music and Non-music Sounds Following Creativity Training Within the “Different Hearing” Program
Altered Brain Functional Connectivity at Resting-State in Patients With Non-arteritic Anterior Ischemic Optic Neuropathy
White Matter Abnormalities in Patients With Typhoon-Related Posttraumatic Stress Disorder
Altered Functional Connectivity of the Nucleus Accumbens Network Between Deficit and Non-deficit Schizophrenia
Changes in Regional Homogeneity of Medication-Free Major Depressive Disorder Patients With Different Onset Ages
Feasibility of Contrasting Brain Connectivity Patterns in Cognitive and Motor Cerebral Networks to Clinical Outcomes in Patients Surviving Acute Respiratory Failure: A Pilot Study
The importance of pro-social processing, and ameliorating dysfunction in schizophrenia. An FMRI study of oxytocin
Salience network glutamate and brain connectivity in medication-naïve first episode patients – A multimodal magnetic resonance spectroscopy and resting state functional connectivity MRI study
Aberrantly higher functional connectivity in the salience network is associated with transient global amnesia
The role of stimulus-based cues and conceptual information in processing facial expressions of emotion.
Structural brain changes in severe and enduring anorexia nervosa: A multimodal magnetic resonance imaging study of gray matter volume, cortical thickness, and white matter integrity.
Regulatory Effects of Acupuncture on Emotional Disorders in Patients With Menstrual Migraine Without Aura: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Brain regions that support accurate speech production after damage to Broca’s area
Altered brain activity mediates the relationship between white matter hyperintensity severity and cognition in older adults.
Childhood adversity modulation of central autonomic network components during cognitive regulation of emotion in major depressive disorder and borderline personality disorder.
Sensory integration in interoception: Interplay between top-down and bottom-up processing.
Methylphenidate modulates interactions of anxiety with cognition
An ALE meta-analytic review of top-down and bottom-up processing of music in the brain
Cerebral Blood Flow Difference Between Acute and Chronic Tinnitus Perception: A Perfusion Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Convergent Functional Changes of Default Mode Network in Mild Cognitive Impairment Using Activation Likelihood Estimation
Dynamical regional activity in putamen distinguishes bipolar type I depression and unipolar depression.
Functional Hyperconnectivity during a Stories Listening Task in Magnetoencephalography Is Associated with Language Gains for Children Born Extremely Preterm
Modulation of Functional Connectivity in Response to Mirror Visual Feedback in Stroke Survivors: An MEG Study
An Overview on Cognitive Function Enhancement through Physical Exercises
Shared Patterns of Brain Functional Connectivity for the Comorbidity between Migraine and Insomnia
Diagnostic Efficacy of Voxel-Mirrored Homotopic Connectivity in Vascular Dementia as Compared to Alzheimer’s Related Neurodegenerative Diseases—A Resting State fMRI Study
Abnormal functional connectivity of the salience network in insomnia.
The neural correlates of intermanual transfer.
Differences in gray matter volume in episodic migraine patients with and without prior diagnosis or clinical care: a cross-sectional study
Body–mind relaxation meditation modulates the thalamocortical functional connectivity in major depressive disorder: a preliminary resting-state fMRI study
Default-mode and fronto-parietal network connectivity during rest distinguishes asymptomatic patients with bipolar disorder and major depressive disorder
Resting-State fMRI Functional Connectivity Strength Predicts Local Activity Change in the Dorsal Cingulate Cortex: A Multi-Target Focused rTMS Study
The Neural Correlates of Positive Versus Negative Thought-action Fusion in Healthy Young Adults
Alterations of Regional Homogeneity in Children With Congenital Sensorineural Hearing Loss: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Dynamic Network Connectivity Reveals Markers of Response to Deep Brain Stimulation in Parkinson’s Disease
Abnormal Low-Frequency Oscillations Reflect Abnormal Eye Movement and Stereovision in Patients With Comitant Exotropia
White-Matter Hyperintensity Load and Differences in Resting-State Network Connectivity Based on Mild Cognitive Impairment Subtype
Epileptogenic Zone Localization in Refractory Epilepsy by FDG-PET: The Comparison of SPM and SPM-CAT With Different Parameter Settings
How do cannabis users mentally travel in time? Evidence from an fMRI study of episodic future thinking.
A new patterned air-flow device to reveal the network for tactile motion coding using fMRI.
Investigating the neuroanatomy underlying proprioception using a stroke model.
White matter microstructural impairments in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis: A mean apparent propagator MRI study
Neural mechanisms underlying the income-achievement gap: The role of the ventral visual stream
Motor sequences; separating the sequence from the motor. A longitudinal rsfMRI study
Amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation (ALFF) alterations in adults with subthreshold depression after physical exercise: A resting-state fMRI study.
Neural correlates of extinguished threat recall underlying the commonality between pediatric anxiety and irritability.
Alterations in Effective Connectivity of the Hippocampus in Migraine without Aura
Monitoring Processes and Their Neuronal Correlates as the Basis of Auditory Verbal Hallucinations in a Non-clinical Sample
Combined rs‐fMRI study on brain functional imaging and mechanism of RAGE‐DAMPs of depression: Evidence from MDD patients to chronic stress‐induced depression models in cynomolgus monkeys and mice
The obedient mind and the volitional brain: A neural basis for preserved sense of agency and sense of responsibility under coercion
The neural basis of effort valuation: A meta-analysis of functional magnetic resonance imaging studies.
Neural processing of nouns and verbs in spontaneous speech of patients with schizophrenia.
Regional homogeneity alterations in multi-frequency bands in tension-type headache: a resting-state fMRI study
Disruption in Surface-Based Functional Connectivity in the Right Posterior Hippocampal CA3 Subfield: A Probable Neural Basis of Visuospatial Working Memory Impairment in Patients With Right Temporal Lobe Epilepsy
Neural basis of in-group bias and prejudices: A systematic meta-analysis.
Neural correlates of working memory function in euthymic people with bipolar disorder compared to healthy controls: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Diurnal mood variation symptoms in major depressive disorder associated with evening chronotype: Evidence from a neuroimaging study.
Shared and distinct changes in local dynamic functional connectivity patterns in major depressive and bipolar depressive disorders.
A distributed network supports spatiotemporal cerebral dynamics of visual naming.
Neural correlates of interoceptive accuracy: Beyond cardioception.
Visuomotor brain network activation and functional connectivity among individuals with autism spectrum disorder
The protective impact of education on brain structure and function in Alzheimer’s disease
Elevated Dopamine Synthesis as a Mechanism of Cognitive Resilience in Aging.
Investigating the Roles of Anterior Cingulate in Behavioral Variant Frontotemporal Dementia: A PET/MRI Study
Spatially Covarying Patterns of Gray Matter Volume and Concentration Highlight Distinct Regions in Schizophrenia
Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging and Functional Connectivity Density Mapping in Patients With Optic Neuritis
The Interaction Between Caudate Nucleus and Regions Within the Theory of Mind Network as a Neural Basis for Social Intelligence
The Effect of Cognitive Load on the Retrieval of Long-Term Memory: An fMRI Study
Functional Abnormality Associated With Tau Deposition in Alzheimer’s Disease – A Hybrid Positron Emission Tomography/MRI Study
The Relationship Between Abnormal Resting-State Functional Connectivity of the Left Superior Frontal Gyrus and Cognitive Impairments in Youth-Onset Drug-Naïve Schizophrenia
Altered Fractional Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuation in Major Depressive Disorder and Bipolar Disorder
Abnormal Stability of Dynamic Functional Architecture in Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis: A Preliminary Resting-State fMRI Study
Brain Cortical Activation during Imagining of the Wrist Movement Using Functional Near-Infrared Spectroscopy (fNIRS)
Multivariate morphological brain signatures enable individualized prediction of dispositional need for closure
Imbalanced sensitivities to primary and secondary rewards in internet gaming disorder
Statistical Learning of Frequent Distractor Locations in Visual Search Involves Regional Signal Suppression in Early Visual Cortex.
Age Differences of the Hierarchical Cognitive Control and the Frontal Rostro–Caudal Functional Brain Activation
Neuronal response to high negative affective stimuli in major depressive disorder: An fMRI study.
Relationship between Cerebral Perfusion on Arterial Spin Labeling (ASL) MRI with Brain Volumetry and Cognitive Performance in Mild Cognitive Impairment and Dementia due to Alzheimer's Disease
Regional brain atrophy and aberrant cortical folding relate to anxiety and depression in patients with traumatic brain injury and psychogenic nonepileptic seizures.
Semantic and syntactic specialization during auditory sentence processing in 7-8-year-old children.
Comparison of resting-state spontaneous brain activity between treatment-naive schizophrenia and obsessive-compulsive disorder
Metabolic and Neural Mechanisms Underlying the Associations Between Gut Bacteroides and Cognition: A Large-Scale Functional Network Connectivity Study
Dysregulated anterior insula reactivity as robust functional biomarker for chronic pain—Meta‐analytic evidence from neuroimaging studies
BOLD signal response in primary visual cortex to flickering checkerboard increases with stimulus temporal frequency in older adults
Facing successfully high mental workload and stressors: An fMRI study
Specific age‐correlated activation of top hierarchical motor control areas during gait‐like plantar stimulation: An fMRI study
Multilobar unilateral hypoplasia with emphasis on the posterior quadrant and severe epilepsy in children with FCD ILAE Type 1A.
The neural correlates for spatial language: Perspective-dependent and -independent relationships in American Sign Language and spoken English
Sex difference in neural substrates underlying the association between trait self-control and overeating in the COVID-19 pandemic
Neural Correlates of Decisions in Quasi-Realistic, Affective Social Interactions in Individuals With Violence-Related Socialization
Altered Cortical-Striatal Network in Patients With Hemifacial Spasm
Disrupted Brain Connectivity Networks in Aphasia Revealed by Resting-State fMRI
Altered Brain Structure in Chronic Visceral Pain: Specific Differences in Gray Matter Volume and Associations With Visceral Symptoms and Chronic Stress
Music in Noise: Neural Correlates Underlying Noise Tolerance in Music-Induced Emotion
Brain correlates of depression, post-traumatic distress, and inflammatory biomarkers in COVID-19 survivors: A multimodal magnetic resonance imaging study
Altruistic acting caused by a touching hand: neural underpinnings of the Midas touch effect
Brain activation during cognitive reappraisal depending on regulation goals and stimulus valence
Exploring the course of adolescent anxiety and depression: associations with white matter tract microstructure.
Robust BOLD Responses to Faces But Not to Conditioned Threat: Challenging the Amygdala's Reputation in Human Fear and Extinction Learning
Elevated iron concentration in putamen and cortical speech motor network in developmental stuttering
Brain activation related to the tactile perception of touching ridged texture using fingers
Effects of a physical activity intervention on brain atrophy in older adults at risk of dementia: a randomized controlled trial.
Neural response to aggressive and positive interactions in violent offenders and nonviolent individuals
Multitier Network Analysis Using Resting-state Functional MRI for Epilepsy Surgery
Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuation in Multiple Frequency Bands in Tension-Type Headache Patients: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Neural Resources Supporting Language Production vs. Comprehension in Chronic Post-stroke Aphasia: A Meta-Analysis Using Activation Likelihood Estimates
Aberrant Functional Connectivity of the Posterior Cingulate Cortex in Type 2 Diabetes Without Cognitive Impairment and Microvascular Complications
Altered cerebellum functional network on newly diagnosed drug-naïve Parkinson’s disease patients with anxiety
Even a little sleepiness influences neural activation and clinical reasoning in novices
Opioid antagonism modulates wanting-related frontostriatal connectivity
Resting-state language network neuroplasticity in post-stroke music listening: A randomized controlled trial.
A review of functional and structural neuroimaging studies to investigate the inner speech model of auditory verbal hallucinations in schizophrenia
Paradoxical somatic information processing for interoception and anxiety in alexithymia
Does powder averaging remove dispersion bias in diffusion MRI diameter estimates within real 3D axonal architectures?
Manual Correction of Voxel Misclassifications in Mesiotemporal Structures Does Not Alter Brain–Behavioral Results in an Episodic Memory Task
Food-Related Brain Activation Measured by fMRI in Adults with Prader–Willi Syndrome
A High-Density EEG Study Investigating VR Film Editing and Cognitive Event Segmentation Theory
Correlation between brain function and ADHD symptom changes in children with ADHD following a few-foods diet: an open-label intervention trial
Neural basis responsible for episodic future thinking effects on procrastination: The interaction between the cognitive control pathway and emotional processing pathway.
It is Not (Always) the Mismatch That Beats You—On the Relationship Between Interaction of Early and Recent Life Stress and Emotion Regulation, an fMRI Study
Recommendations of Choice of Head Coil and Prescan Normalize Filter Depend on Region of Interest and Task
Altered Spontaneous Brain Activity Patterns and Functional Connectivity in Adults With Intermittent Exotropia: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Changes of Structural and Functional Attention Control Networks in Subclinical Hypothyroidism
Comparing Brain Functional Activities in Patients With Blepharospasm and Dry Eye Disease Measured With Resting-State fMRI
S1 Brain Connectivity in Carpal Tunnel Syndrome Underlies Median Nerve and Functional Improvement Following Electro-Acupuncture
Structural and Functional Deficits in Patients with Poststroke Dementia: A Multimodal MRI Study
Substantia nigra iron affects functional connectivity networks modifying working memory performance in younger adults.
Brain structures and activity during a working memory task associated with internet addiction tendency in young adults: A large sample study
Unraveling somatotopic organization in the human brain using machine learning and adaptive supervoxel-based parcellations.
Exploring attention in the bilingualism continuum: A resting-state functional connectivity study.
Intertemporal preference reversals are associated with early activation of insula and sustained preferential processing of immediate rewards in visual cortex
Resting-state functional connectivity of the amygdala subregions in unmedicated patients with obsessive–compulsive disorder before and after cognitive behavioural therapy
Cortical sensorimotor activity in the execution and suppression of discrete and rhythmic movements
Brain structural and functional anomalies associated with simultanagnosia in patients with posterior cortical atrophy
The brain’s structural differences between postherpetic neuralgia and lower back pain
Attention controls multisensory perception via two distinct mechanisms at different levels of the cortical hierarchy
A functional dissociation of the left frontal regions that contribute to single word production tasks
Structural and functional brain networks of individual differences in trait anger and anger control: An unsupervised machine learning study
Aperiodic measures of neural excitability are associated with anticorrelated hemodynamic networks at rest: A combined EEG-fMRI study.
Fluency shaping increases integration of the command-to-execution and the auditory-to-motor pathways in persistent developmental stuttering.
Vestibular Morphological Asymmetry Associated With Motion Sickness Susceptibility
Neuronal Oscillatory Signatures of Joint Attention and Intersubjectivity in Arrhythmic Coaction
The Correlation of Reduced Fractional Anisotropy in the Cingulum With Suicide Risk in Bipolar Disorder
Abnormal Network Homogeneity in the Right Superior Medial Frontal Gyrus in Cervical Dystonia
Early soft and flexible fusion of electroencephalography and functional magnetic resonance imaging via double coupled matrix tensor factorization for multisubject group analysis
Information about others’ choices selectively alters risk tolerance and medial prefrontal cortex activation across adolescence and young adulthood
Reduced intrinsic neural timescales in schizophrenia along posterior parietal and occipital areas
The Neural Basis of Semantic Prediction in Sentence Comprehension.
Sex differences in neural mechanisms of social and non-social threat monitoring
Thalamocortical functional connectivity in patients with insomnia using resting-state fMRI
Increased activation in the bilateral anterior insulae in response to others in pain in mothers compared to non-mothers
Increased functional connectivity between presupplementary motor area and inferior frontal gyrus associated with the ability of motor response inhibition in obsessive–compulsive disorder
Clinical phenotype modulates brain’s myelin and iron content in temporal lobe epilepsy
Learning positive social information reduces racial bias as indexed by N400 response
An insula-based network mediates the relation between rumination and interoceptive sensibility in the healthy population.
Illuminating the prefrontal neural correlates of action sequence disassembling in response–response binding
Aberrant Changes in Cortical Complexity in Right-Onset Versus Left-Onset Parkinson’s Disease in Early-Stage
Neural correlates and predictors of subjective cognitive decline in patients with Parkinson’s disease
Intrinsic functional connectivity in the default mode network predicts mnemonic discrimination: A connectome-based modeling approach.
Give me a pain that I am used to: distinct habituation patterns to painful and non-painful stimulation
Structural and functional brain alterations associated with cancer‐associated cognitive decline in gastric cancer patients: A preliminary longitudinal neuroimaging study
Neural correlates of the inverse base rate effect
Attention network modulation via tRNS correlates with attention gain
Is Instructional Scaffolding a Better Strategy for Teaching Writing to EFL Learners? A Functional MRI Study in Healthy Young Adults
Capturing Neuroplastic Changes after iTBS in Patients with Post-Stroke Aphasia: A Pilot fMRI Study
Effective Connectivity during an Avoidance-Based Pavlovian-to-Instrumental Transfer Task
Age-Related Intrinsic Functional Connectivity Changes of Locus Coeruleus from Childhood to Older Adults
fMRI Evidence for Default Mode Network Deactivation Associated with Rapid Eye Movements in Sleep
Aberrant Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuation and Degree Centrality within the Default Mode Network in Patients with Vascular Mild Cognitive Impairment
An Exploratory Study on Resting-State Functional Connectivity in Individuals with Disorganized Attachment: Evidence for Key Regions in Amygdala and Hippocampus
The neural determinants of beauty.
Building memories on prior knowledge: behavioral and fMRI evidence of impairment in early Alzheimer's disease.
Structural brain network correlations with amyloid burden in elderly individuals at risk of Alzheimer's disease.
High feature overlap reveals the importance of anterior and medial temporal lobe structures for learning by means of fast mapping.
Default mode and dorsal attention network involvement in visually guided motor sequence learning.
Association of white matter volume with sleep quality: a voxel-based morphometry study.
Restoration of default mode network and task positive network anti-correlation associated with mindfulness-based cognitive therapy for bipolar disorder.
Distinct neural-behavioral correspondence within face processing and attention networks for the composite face effect.
Dissociating the functions of three left posterior superior temporal regions that contribute to speech perception and production
Dynamic computation of value signals via a common neural network in multi-attribute decision-making
Overt speech critically changes lateralization index and did not allow determination of hemispheric dominance for language: an fMRI study
Structural and functional thalamocortical connectivity study in female fibromyalgia
Changes in resting-state measures of prostate cancer patients exposed to androgen deprivation therapy
Alteration of Whole Brain ALFF/fALFF and Degree Centrality in Adolescents With Depression and Suicidal Ideation After Electroconvulsive Therapy: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Association of painful human immunodeficiency virus distal sensory polyneuropathy with aberrant expectation of pain relief: functional magnetic resonance imaging evidence
Neuroanatomical anomalies associated with rare AP4E1 mutations in people who stutter
Amygdala in Action: Functional Connectivity during Approach and Avoidance Behaviors.
Ruminative reflection is associated with anticorrelations between the orbitofrontal cortex and the default mode network in depression: implications for repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation
Multimodal Neural Evidence on the Corticostriatal Underpinning of Suicidality in Late-Life Depression.
Decoding the silence: Neural bases of zero pronoun resolution in Chinese.
A Pilot Randomized Controlled Trial of Intermittent Theta Burst Stimulation as Stand-Alone Treatment for Post-Stroke Aphasia: Effects on Language and Verbal Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging (fMRI)
Intrinsic cerebellar functional connectivity of social cognition and theory of mind in first-episode psychosis patients
Progressive modulation of resting-state brain activity during neurofeedback of positive-social emotion regulation networks
Nurturing the reading brain: home literacy practices are associated with children’s neural response to printed words through vocabulary skills
Descending pain modulatory efficiency in healthy subjects is related to structure and resting connectivity of brain regions.
Reduced sensitivity to delayed time and delayed reward of the post-operative insular glioma patients in delay discounting
Altered Spontaneous Brain Activity Related to Neurologic and Sleep Dysfunction in Children With Obstructive Sleep Apnea Syndrome
Surface-Based Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuation Alterations in Patients With Tinnitus Before and After Sound Therapy: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Differences in Brain Functional Networks of Executive Function Between Cantonese-Mandarin Bilinguals and Mandarin Monolinguals
Altered Brain Structure and Spontaneous Functional Activity in Children With Concomitant Strabismus
Regional Brain Volume, Brain Reserve and MMSE Performance in Healthy Aging From the NEUROAGE Cohort: Contributions of Sex, Education, and Depression Symptoms
Predicting Delayed Neurocognitive Recovery After Non-cardiac Surgery Using Resting-State Brain Network Patterns Combined With Machine Learning
Effects of Cigarette Smoking on Resting-State Functional Connectivity of the Nucleus Basalis of Meynert in Mild Cognitive Impairment
Alternation in Effective Connectivity With Cognitive Aging: A Longitudinal Study of Elderly Populations
Lateralized Contributions of Medial Prefrontal Cortex Network to Episodic Memory Deficits in Subjects With Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment
Large-Scale Functional Networks, Cognition and Brain Structures Supporting Social Cognition and Theory of Mind Performance in Prodromal to Mild Alzheimer’s Disease
Region-Specific Neurovascular Decoupling Associated With Cognitive Decline in Parkinson’s Disease
Callous-Unemotional Traits Moderate the Relationship Between Irritability and Threatening Responding
Developmental Trajectories of Letter and Speech Sound Integration During Reading Acquisition
Protracted Neural Development of Dorsal Motor Systems During Handwriting and the Relation to Early Literacy Skills
Neuro-Cognitive Differences in Semantic Processing Between Native Speakers and Proficient Learners of Mandarin Chinese
The Effects of Cardiorespiratory and Motor Skill Fitness on Intrinsic Functional Connectivity of Neural Networks in Individuals with Parkinson’s Disease
Preliminary Evidence of Improvement in Adolescent and Young Adult Cancer Survivors’ Brain Health Following Physical Activity: A Proof-of-Concept Sub-Study
Traditional Chinese Mind-Body Exercise Baduanjin Modulate Gray Matter and Cognitive Function in Older Adults with Mild Cognitive Impairment: A Brain Imaging Study
Brief Postnatal Visual Deprivation Triggers Long-Lasting Interactive Structural and Functional Reorganization of the Human Cortex
Structural network alterations and their association with neurological soft signs in schizophrenia: Evidence from clinical patients and unaffected siblings.
Neuroimaging alterations in dementia with Lewy bodies and neuroimaging differences between dementia with Lewy bodies and Alzheimer's disease: An activation likelihood estimation meta‐analysis
Interpersonal context and desired emotional closeness in neural response to negative visual stimuli: Preliminary findings
Topography of hippocampal connectivity with sensorimotor cortex revealed by optimizing smoothing kernel and voxel size
Direct neural evidence for the contrastive roles of the complementary learning systems in adult acquisition of native vocabulary
Maladaptive self-focused attention and default mode network connectivity: a transdiagnostic investigation across social anxiety and body dysmorphic disorders
Intrinsic connectivity of left ventrolateral prefrontal cortex predicts individual differences in controlled semantic retrieval
Mapping the neural systems driving breathing at the transition to unconsciousness.
Attention to speech: mapping distributed and selective attention systems.
Aberrant Brain Functional Connectivity Strength and Effective Connectivity in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus
A multidimensional examination of psychopathy traits and gray matter volume in adults
Cerebral processing of sharp mechanical pain measured with arterial spin labeling
tDCS modulates effective connectivity during motor command following; a potential therapeutic target for disorders of consciousness.
The structure of the superior and inferior parietal lobes predicts inter-individual suitability for virtual reality
Uncover the Offensive Side of Disparagement Humor: An fMRI Study
Connectome-based model predicts individual psychopathic traits in college students.
Effects of Ai-Chi Practice on Balance and Left Cerebellar Activation during High Working Memory Load Task in Older People: A Controlled Pilot Trial
Respiratory function modulated during execution, observation, and imagination of walking via SII
The Correlation Between Thyroid Function, Frontal Gray Matter, and Executive Function in Patients With Major Depressive Disorder
Negative bias effects during audiovisual emotional processing in major depression disorder
Preliminary comparative study of cortical thickness in HIV-infected patients with and without working memory deficit
The role of white matter abnormality in the left anterior corona radiata: In relation to formal thought disorder in patients with schizophrenia.
Structural and Functional Abnormalities of Olfactory-Related Regions in Subjective Cognitive Decline, Mild Cognitive Impairment, and Alzheimer’s Disease
Neural representation of the parent–child attachment from infancy to adulthood
FAAH polymorphism (rs324420) modulates extinction recall in healthy humans: an fMRI study
Motor training‐related brain reorganization in patients with cerebellar degeneration
Characterizing reward system neural trajectories from adolescence to young adulthood
Coping under stress: Prefrontal control predicts stress burden during the COVID-19 crisis
Longitudinal brain atlases of early developing cynomolgus macaques from birth to 48 months of age.
Dimensional Affective Processing in BD.
Altered resting-state functional connectivity of the frontal-striatal circuit in elderly with apathy
A Data-Based Approach for Selecting Pre- and Intra-Operative Language Mapping Tasks
Overlapping but Language-Specific Mechanisms in Morphosyntactic Processing in Highly Competent L2 Acquired at School Entry: fMRI Evidence From an Alternating Language Switching Task
Cortical Hyper-Connectivity in a Stroke Patient with Rotated Drawing
Functional Integrity of Executive Control Network Contributed to Retained Executive Abilities in Mild Cognitive Impairment
Changes of Brain Functional Connectivity in End-Stage Renal Disease Patients Receiving Peritoneal Dialysis Without Cognitive Decline
Effects of escitalopram therapy on resting-state functional connectivity of subsystems of the default mode network in unmedicated patients with major depressive disorder
Neurocomputational mechanisms underlying the subjective value of information
Altered functional connectivity density and couplings in postpartum depression with and without anxiety
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation modulates cortical-subcortical connectivity in sensorimotor network.
Imbalance in functional and structural connectivity underlying goal-directed and habitual learning systems in obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Asymmetric directed functional connectivity within the frontoparietal motor network during motor imagery and execution.
Speech naturalness detection and language representation in the dog brain.
Altered brain responses to specific negative emotions in schizophrenia
Brain structural correlates of autistic traits across the diagnostic divide: A grey matter and white matter microstructure study
Neural correlates of emotional processing in panic disorder
Structural and Functional Abnormalities in Knee Osteoarthritis Pain Revealed With Multimodal Magnetic Resonance Imaging
Abnormal Fractional Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuation as a Potential Imaging Biomarker for First-Episode Major Depressive Disorder: A Resting-State fMRI Study and Support Vector Machine Analysis
Socioeconomic and cognitive roots of trait anxiety in young adults
Patterns of Pretreatment Reward Task Brain Activation Predict Individual Antidepressant Response: Key Results From the EMBARC Randomized Clinical Trial.
Neural correlates of attentional control in social anxiety disorder: the impact of early-life adversity and DNA methylation
Aesthetic appraisals of literary style and emotional intensity in narrative engagement are neurally dissociable
The Influence of MTHFR Polymorphism on Gray Matter Volume in Patients With Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment
Induction of Relaxation by Autonomous Sensory Meridian Response
Cortical Activation During Finger Tapping Task Performance in Parkinson's Disease Is Influenced by Priming Conditions: An ALE Meta-Analysis
Free-Living Physical Activity Measured With a Wearable Device Is Associated With Larger Hippocampus Volume and Greater Functional Connectivity in Healthy Older Adults: An Observational, Cross-Sectional Study in Northern Portugal
Evolution of Brain Morphology in Spontaneously Hypertensive and Wistar-Kyoto Rats From Early Adulthood to Aging: A Longitudinal Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Sports Augmented Cognitive Benefits: An fMRI Study of Executive Function with Go/NoGo Task
Frontopolar tDCS Induces Frequency-Dependent Changes of Spontaneous Low-Frequency Fluctuations: A Resting-State fMRI Study.
Task-relevant representations and cognitive control demands modulate functional connectivity from ventral occipito-temporal cortex during object recognition tasks
Pilot study of food-specific go/no-go training for overweight individuals: brain imaging data suggest inhibition shapes food evaluation.
Adult attachment style moderates the effect of oxytocin on neural responses to infant emotional faces.
Patients with chronic pain exhibit individually unique cortical signatures of pain encoding
Differential mechanisms of posterior cingulate cortex downregulation and symptom decreases in posttraumatic stress disorder and healthy individuals using real‐time fMRI neurofeedback
Beating pain with psychedelics: Matter over mind?
Escitalopram modulates learning content-specific neuroplasticity of functional brain networks.
Aberrant functional metastability and structural connectivity are associated with rumination in individuals with major depressive disorder
Enriched Rehabilitation Improves Gait Disorder and Cognitive Function in Parkinson’s Disease: A Randomized Clinical Trial
Shared and Distinct Fractional Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuation Patterns in Major Depressive Disorders With and Without Gastrointestinal Symptoms
Inter-individual differences in pain anticipation and pain perception in migraine: Neural correlates of migraine frequency and cortisol-to-dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate (DHEA-S) ratio
Cross-lagged Relationships Between Depressive Symptoms and Altered Default Mode Network Connectivity Over the Course of Adolescence.
Cerebello-thalamic activity drives an abnormal motor network into dystonic tremor.
Impact of multisession 40Hz tACS on hippocampal perfusion in patients with Alzheimer’s disease
Sensory-Tactile Functional Mapping and Use-Associated Structural Variation of the Human Female Genital Representation Field
Neural correlates of product attachment to cosmetics
Increased structural covariance in brain regions for number processing and memory in children with developmental dyscalculia
Canonical EEG microstates transitions reflect switching among BOLD resting state networks and predict fMRI signal
Music-experience-related and musical-error-dependent activations in the brain
Inverse association between the anticholinergic burden and hippocampus volume in a population-based cohort across the entire adult age range
Alterations in Regional Brain Regional Volume Associated with Dioxin Exposure in Men Living in the Most Dioxin-Contaminated Area in Vietnam: Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) Analysis Using Voxel-Based Morphometry (VBM)
What part of the brain is involved in graphic design thinking in landscape architecture?
Enhancing task fMRI preprocessing via individualized model-based filtering of intrinsic activity dynamics.
Reward-driven modulation of spatial attention in the human frontal eye-field.
Effect sizes and test-retest reliability of the fMRI-based neurologic pain signature.
Clinical and Neural Predictors of Treatment Response to Music Listening Intervention after Stroke
Brain Responses to High-Calorie Visual Food Cues in Individuals with Normal-Weight or Obesity: An Activation Likelihood Estimation Meta-Analysis
Cognitive and Neural Mechanisms of Social Communication Dysfunction in Primary Progressive Aphasia
Watershed Brain Regions for Characterizing Brand Equity-Related Mental Processes
A Combined Administration of Testosterone and Arginine Vasopressin Affects Aggressive Behavior in Males
A Mechanism-Based Approach to Anti-Aggression Psychotherapy in Borderline Personality Disorder: Group Treatment Affects Amygdala Activation and Connectivity
Preoperative Assessment of Language Dominance through Combined Resting-State and Task-Based Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging
Multiscale Entropy of Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Differentiates Progressive Supranuclear Palsy and Multiple System Atrophy
Frequency-Specific Blood Oxygen Level Dependent Oscillations Associated With Pain Relief From Ankle Acupuncture in Patients With Chronic Low Back Pain
Neuroimaging Study Investigating the Supraspinal Control of Lower Urinary Tract Function in Man With Orthotopic Ileal Neobladder
Aerobic Exercise Alters Brain Function and Structure in Parkinson's Disease: A Randomized Controlled Trial
Characterization of Hemodynamic Alterations in Schizophrenia and Bipolar Disorder and Their Effect on Resting-State fMRI Functional Connectivity.
White matter integrity is disrupted in adolescents with acute anorexia nervosa: A diffusion tensor imaging study.
The anxiety‐specific hippocampus–prefrontal cortex pathways links to procrastination through self‐control
Simultaneous modeling of reaction times and brain dynamics in a spatial cueing task
Different forms of childhood maltreatment have different impacts on the neural systems involved in the representation of reinforcement value
Altered dynamic functional connectivity of insular subregions could predict symptom severity of male patients with autism spectrum disorder.
Four-modality imaging of unmedicated subjects with schizophrenia: F-fluorodeoxyglucose and F-fallypride PET, diffusion tensor imaging, and MRI.
The role of early attachment and parental presence in adolescent behavioral and neurobiological regulation☆
The Effect of Socioeconomic Disparities on Prefrontal Activation in Initiating Joint Attention: A Functional Near-Infrared Spectroscopy Evidence From Two Socioeconomic Status Groups
Impact of Early-Commenced and Continued Sports Training on the Precuneus in Older Athletes
Decreased Intrinsic Neural Timescales in Mesial Temporal Lobe Epilepsy
Reduced White Matter Integrity in Patients With End-Stage and Non-end-Stage Chronic Kidney Disease: A Tract-Based Spatial Statistics Study
Altered Local Brain Amplitude of Fluctuations in Patients With Myotonic Dystrophy Type 1
The Neural Basis of Social Cognition in Typically Developing Children and Its Relationship to Social Functioning
Analytic consistency and neural correlates of peak alpha frequency in the study of pain.
Reorganization of rich clubs in functional brain networks of dementia with Lewy bodies and Alzheimer's disease.
Prior Methamphetamine Use Disorder History Does Not Impair Interoceptive Processing of Soft Touch in HIV Infection
Regional Gray Matter Volume Related to High Occupational Stress in Firefighters
Thalamic altered spontaneous activity and connectivity in obstructive sleep apnea syndrome.
7T versus 3T MRI in the presurgical evaluation of patients with drug-resistant epilepsy.
The Cortical Organization of Syntactic Processing Is Supramodal: Evidence from American Sign Language.
Lateral prefrontal cortex is a hub for music production from structural rules to movements
Atypical Antipsychotics Mediate Dynamics of Intrinsic Brain Activity in Early-Stage Schizophrenia? A Preliminary Study
Altered Resting State Functional Activity of Brain Regions in Neovascular Glaucoma: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Differential Dynamical Pattern of Regional Homogeneity in Bipolar and Unipolar Depression: A Preliminary Resting-State fMRI Study
Five weeks of intermittent transcutaneous vagus nerve stimulation shape neural networks: a machine learning approach
The effect of obstructed action efficacy on reward-based decision-making in healthy adolescents: a novel functional MRI task to assay frustration
Altered brain activity in end‐stage knee osteoarthritis revealed by resting‐state functional magnetic resonance imaging
Localizing the human brain response to olfactory stimulation: A meta-analytic approach.
Callous-unemotional traits in adolescents moderate neural network associations with empathy.
Neural basis underlying the association between expressive suppression and procrastination: The mediation role of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex.
Cerebral Representation of Sound Localization Using Functional Near-Infrared Spectroscopy
Improving the Sensitivity of Task-Related Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Data Using Generalized Canonical Correlation Analysis
The passive recipient: Neural correlates of negative self‐view in depression
Cortical thickness abnormalities in patients with bipolar disorder: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Areas of cerebral blood flow changes on arterial spin labelling with the use of symmetric template during nitroglycerin triggered cluster headache attacks
Using diffusion tensor imaging to effectively target TMS to deep brain structures.
The alterations of degree centrality in the frontal lobe of patients with panic disorder
Aberrant Brain Spontaneous Activity and Synchronization in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Subjects Without Mild Cognitive Impairment
Aberrant Interhemispheric Functional Connectivity in Diabetic Retinopathy Patients
40-Hz Blue Light Changes Hippocampal Activation and Functional Connectivity Underlying Recognition Memory
Altered Spontaneous Brain Activity Related to Neurologic Dysfunction in Patients With Cerebral Small Vessel Disease
Aberrant Dynamics of Regional Coherence Measured by Resting-State fMRI in Children With Benign Epilepsy With Centrotemporal Spikes (BECTS)
Temporal Lobe Spikes Affect Distant Intrinsic Connectivity Networks
Altered Functional Connectivity and Sensory Processing in Blepharospasm and Hemifacial Spasm: Coexistence and Difference
Potential Locations for Non-Invasive Brain Stimulation in Treating Schizophrenia: A Resting-State Functional Connectivity Analysis
Self-referential processes and resting-state connectivity in breast cancer patients before and 1 year after chemotherapy.
Neurofilaments light: Possible biomarker of brain modifications in bipolar disorder.
Cortical thickness abnormalities in patients with post-traumatic stress disorder: A vertex-based meta-analysis.
Investigation of changes in the activity and function of dry eye-associated brain regions using the amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations method
Handedness impacts the neural correlates of kinesthetic motor imagery and execution: A FMRI study
Association between Changes in Cortical Thickness and Functional Connectivity in Male Patients with Alcohol-dependence
Involvement of the dorsal and ventral attention networks in visual attention span
Altered Microstructure of Cerebral Gray Matter in Neuromyelitis Optica Spectrum Disorder-Optic Neuritis: A DKI Study
An fMRI Study Using a Combined Task of Interval Discrimination and Oddball Could Reveal Common Brain Circuits of Cognitive Change
Cytoarchitectonic parcellation and functional characterization of four new areas in the caudal parahippocampal cortex
Impaired Interhemispheric Synchrony in Bronchial Asthma
Frequency‑Specific Regional Homogeneity Alterations and Cognitive Function in Obstructive Sleep Apnea Before and After Short-Term Continuous Positive Airway Pressure Treatment
Intrinsic brain network alterations in non-clinical adults with a history of childhood trauma
Structural disconnection of the posterior medial frontal cortex reduces speech error monitoring.
Algebra dissociates from arithmetic in the brain semantic network
Parental education is associated with differential engagement of neural pathways during inhibitory control
Abnormal global-brain functional connectivity and its relationship with cognitive deficits in drug-naive first-episode adolescent-onset schizophrenia.
R2* relaxometry analysis for mapping of white matter alteration in Parkinson’s disease with mild cognitive impairment
Positive alcohol expectancy and resting-state functional connectivity of the insula in problem drinking.
Serotonergic modulation of effective connectivity in an associative relearning network during task and rest.
The impact of depression on mothers’ neural processing of their adolescents’ affective behavior
Fiber connectivity density mapping in end-stage renal disease patients: a preliminary study.
Dysfunctional Interaction Between the Dorsal Attention Network and the Default Mode Network in Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus
Longitudinal Changes in Brain Gyrification in Schizophrenia Spectrum Disorders
Investigation of Altered Spontaneous Brain Activities in Patients With Moyamoya Disease Using Percent Amplitude of Fluctuation Method: A Resting-State Functional MRI Study
Selectively disrupted sensorimotor circuits in chronic stroke with hand dysfunction
Brain 5-HT2A receptor binding and its neural network related to behavioral inhibition system
Task-induced subjective fatigue and resting-state striatal connectivity following traumatic brain injury
Try to see it my way - Examining the relationship between visual perspective taking and theory of mind in frontotemporal dementia.
Causal dynamics and information flow in parietal-temporal-hippocampal circuits during mental arithmetic revealed by high-temporal resolution human intracranial EEG.
Assessing brain activity in male heroin-dependent individuals under methadone maintenance treatment: A resting-state fMRI study.
How Does Approaching a Lead Vehicle and Monitoring Request Affect Drivers’ Takeover Performance? A Simulated Driving Study with Functional MRI
Is There a Difference in Brain Functional Connectivity between Chinese Coal Mine Workers Who Have Engaged in Unsafe Behavior and Those Who Have Not?
Artificial intelligence framework identifies candidate targets for drug repurposing in Alzheimer’s disease
Neurophysiological and Brain Structural Markers of Cognitive Frailty Differ from Alzheimer's Disease
Transdiagnostic phenotypes of compulsive behavior and associations with psychological, cognitive, and neurobiological affective processing
Gray matter volume alterations in patients with strabismus and amblyopia: voxel-based morphometry study
Acute effects of ketamine on the pregenual anterior cingulate: linking spontaneous activation, functional connectivity, and glutamate metabolism
Exploring alterations in sensory pathways in migraine
Imbalance between default mode and sensorimotor connectivity is associated with perseverative thinking in obsessive-compulsive disorder
Dynamic targeting enables domain-general inhibitory control over action and thought by the prefrontal cortex
Longitudinal resting-state functional connectivity and regional brain atrophy-based biomarkers of preclinical cognitive impairment in healthy old adults.
Same action, different meaning: neural substrates of action semantic meaning.
Resting-State Functional MRI Metrics in Patients With Chronic Mild Traumatic Brain Injury and Their Association With Clinical Cognitive Performance
Prolactin mediates the relationship between regional gray matter volume and postpartum depression symptoms.
Metabolic abnormalities in the basal ganglia and cerebellum in bipolar disorder: A multi-modal MR study.
Cortical morphology predicts placebo response in multiple sclerosis
Association of plasma tryptophan concentration with periaqueductal gray matter functional connectivity in migraine patients
Neurofunctional basis underlying audiovisual integration of print and speech sound in Chinese children.
Default mode network connectivity and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder in adolescence: Associations with delay aversion and temporal discounting, but not mind wandering.
Altered working memory-related brain activity in children at familial high risk for psychosis: A preliminary study.
Joint structural-functional magnetic resonance imaging features are associated with diagnosis and real-world functioning in patients with schizophrenia.
Alterations in pain processing circuitries in episodic migraine
Functional Connectivity Density in the Sensorimotor Area is Associated with Sleep Latency in Patients with Primary Insomnia
Disrupted Dynamic Functional Connectivity of the Visual Network in Episodic Patients with Migraine without Aura
Altered processing of communication signals in the subcortical auditory sensory pathway in autism
A brain network for deep brain stimulation induced cognitive decline in Parkinson’s disease
Effective connectivity and criminal sentencing decisions: dynamic causal models in laypersons and legal experts
Brain functional connectivity during and after imagery of gaming and alternative leisure activities in patients with internet gaming disorder.
Dynamic causal modeling of sensorimotor networks elicited by saltatory pneumotactile velocity in the glabrous hand.
A pilot voxel-based morphometry study of older adults after the PICMOR intervention program
Mental imagery can generate and regulate acquired differential fear conditioned reactivity
Functional brain rewiring and altered cortical stability in ulcerative colitis
Is There Any Relationship Between Biochemical Indices and Anthropometric Measurements With Dorsolateral Prefrontal Cortex Activation Among Older Adults With Mild Cognitive Impairment?
Mechanism of Depression through Brain Function Imaging of Depression Patients and Normal People
The structural neural correlates of atypical facial expression recognition in autism spectrum disorder.
Modulating intrinsic functional connectivity with visual cortex using low‐frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation
Disrupted hypothalamic functional connectivity related to cognitive impairment after diffuse axonal injury
Divided attention at retrieval does not influence neural correlates of recollection in young or older adults.
Altered effective connectivity between lateral occipital cortex and superior parietal lobule contributes to manipulability-related modulation of the Ebbinghaus illusion.
Evidence for the Concreteness of Abstract Language: A Meta-Analysis of Neuroimaging Studies
Efficacy of Sound Therapy for Tinnitus Using an Enriched Acoustic Environment with Hearing-Loss Matched Broadband Noise
Understanding Estimations of Magnitudes: An fMRI Investigation
Do Overweight People Have Worse Cognitive Flexibility? Cues-Triggered Food Craving May Have a Greater Impact
People with high empathy show increased cortical activity around the left medial parieto-occipital sulcus after watching social interaction of on-screen characters.
Low Socioeconomic Status Is Associated with a Greater Neural Response to Both Rewards and Losses.
Structural and functional deficits and couplings in the cortico-striato-thalamo-cerebellar circuitry in social anxiety disorder
Neural Processing Dysfunctions During Fear Learning but Not Reward-Related Processing Characterize Depressed Individuals With High Levels of Repetitive Negative Thinking.
Use of transcranial magnetic stimulation for studying the neural basis of numerical cognition: A systematic review.
Brain abnormalities in children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder assessed by multi-delay arterial spin labeling perfusion and voxel-based morphometry.
Subcortical and Cerebellar Neural Correlates of Prodromal Alzheimer’s Disease with Prolonged Sleep Latency
Interaction of Gut Microbiota and Brain Function in Patients With Chronic Insomnia: A Regional Homogeneity Study
Seeing What I Did (Not): Cerebral and Behavioral Effects of Agency and Perspective on Episodic Memory Re-activation
Effects of Linguistic Distance on Second Language Brain Activations in Bilinguals: An Exploratory Coordinate-Based Meta-Analysis
Sexual Dimorphism in the Brain Correlates of Adult-Onset Depression: A Pilot Structural and Functional 3T MRI Study
Antidepressant Treatment-Induced State-Dependent Reconfiguration of Emotion Regulation Networks in Major Depressive Disorder
Serial Recall Order of Category Fluency Words: Exploring Its Neural Underpinnings
Study of Brain Structure and Function in Chronic Mountain Sickness Based on fMRI
Differential aberrant connectivity of precuneus and anterior insula may underpin the diagnosis of schizophrenia and mood disorders
Racial Discrimination and Resting-State Functional Connectivity of Salience Network Nodes in Trauma-Exposed Black Adults in the United States
Altered cerebellar gray matter and cerebellar-cortex resting-state functional connectivity in patients with bipolar disorder Ⅰ.
Neural correlates of reward processing distinguish healthy youth at familial risk for bipolar disorder from youth at familial risk for major depressive disorder
Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis with SOD1 Mutations Shows Distinct Brain Metabolic Changes
The differences of functional brain network in processing auditory phonological tasks between Cantonese-Mandarin bilinguals and Mandarin monolinguals.
Increased ventral striatal functional connectivity in patients with schizophrenia during reward anticipation
Parahippocampal deactivation and hyperactivation of central executive, saliency and social cognition networks in autism spectrum disorder
Longitudinal changes in cortical responses to letter-speech sound stimuli in 8–11 year-old children
The association between local brain structure and disgust propensity
Shared and distinct reward neural mechanisms among patients with schizophrenia, major depressive disorder, and bipolar disorder: an effort-based functional imaging study.
Phase-Amplitude Coupling and Phase Synchronization Between Medial Temporal, Frontal and Posterior Brain Regions Support Episodic Autobiographical Memory Recall
Dynamic Functional Connectivity Alterations and Their Associated Gene Expression Pattern in Autism Spectrum Disorders
Comparative Study of Brain fMRI of Olfactory Stimulation in Neuromyelitis Optica Spectrum Disease and Multiple Sclerosis
Progressive Prefrontal Cortex Dysfunction in Parkinson's Disease With Probable REM Sleep Behavior Disorder: A 3-Year Longitudinal Study
Attachment status is associated with grey matter recovery in adolescent anorexia nervosa: Findings from a longitudinal study
An aberrant hippocampal subregional network, rather than structure, characterizes major depressive disorder.
Altered canonical and striatal-frontal resting state functional connectivity in children with pathogenic variants in the Ras/mitogen-activated protein kinase pathway
Psychosocial Intervention for Youth With High Externalizing Behaviors and Aggression Is Associated With Improvement in Impulsivity and Brain Gray Matter Volume Changes
Combined TMS-fMRI reveals behavior-dependent network effects of right temporoparietal junction neurostimulation in an attentional belief updating task.
Hyperconnectivity between the posterior cingulate and middle frontal and temporal gyrus in depression: Based on functional connectivity meta-analyses.
Enduring effect of abuse: Childhood maltreatment links to altered theory of mind network among adults
Patch tensor decomposition and non-local means filter-based hybrid ASL image denoising.
Responses to positive affect and unique resting-state connectivity in individuals at clinical high-risk for psychosis
Brain network dysfunctions in addiction: a meta-analysis of resting-state functional connectivity
Distinct networks of periaqueductal gray columns in pain and threat processing.
Cultural differences in neurocognitive mechanisms underlying believing.
Altered Resting State Functional Connectivity and Its Correlation with Cognitive Functions at Ultra High Risk for Psychosis.
Individual slow wave events give rise to macroscopic fMRI signatures and drive the strength of the BOLD signal in human resting-state EEG-fMRI recordings
Leukoaraiosis and Gray Matter Volume Alteration in Older Adults: The PROOF Study
Family Conflict Associated With Intrinsic Hippocampal-OFC Connectivity in Adolescent Depressive Disorder
HIV-Associated Structural and Functional Brain Alterations in Homosexual Males
Shaping the Sensory–Motor Network by Short-Term Unresolvable Sensory–Motor Mismatch
Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study of Electroacupuncture Stimulating Uterine Acupoints
The Correlation between Functional Connectivity of the Primary Somatosensory Cortex and Cervical Spinal Cord Microstructural Injury in Patients with Cervical Spondylotic Myelopathy
Brain volume patterns in corticobasal syndrome versus idiopathic Parkinson's disease.
Developmental brain structural atypicalities in autism: a voxel-based morphometry analysis
Competitive interactions between cognitive reappraisal and mentalizing.
Maternal Response to Positive Affect Moderates the Impact of Familial Risk for Depression on Ventral Striatal Response to Winning Reward in 6- to 8-Year-Old Children.
Mortality salience enhances neural activities related to guilt and shame when recalling the past.
Role of anterior midcingulate cortex in self‐reward representation and reward allocation judgments within social context
Exposure to Violence as an Environmental Pathway Linking Low Socioeconomic Status with Altered Neural Processing of Threat and Adolescent Psychopathology.
Common and specific patterns of functional and structural brain alterations in schizophrenia and bipolar disorder: a multimodal voxel-based meta-analysis
A direct test of competitive versus cooperative episodic-procedural network dynamics in human memory.
Structural brain correlates of burnout severity in medical professionals: A voxel-based morphometric study
Functional connectivity density alterations in children with strabismus and amblyopia based on resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI)
A specific brain network for a social map in the human brain
The Neural Correlates of Semantic and Grammatical Encoding During Sentence Production in a Second Language: Evidence From an fMRI Study Using Structural Priming
Intrinsic Brain Activity Alterations in Patients With Mild Cognitive Impairment-to-Normal Reversion: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study From Voxel to Whole-Brain Level
Frequency-Specific Changes of Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuations in Patients with Acute Basal Ganglia Ischemic Stroke
Reflections of the sensory findings in the central nervous system in patients with neuropathic pain.
A brief child-friendly reward task reliably activates the ventral striatum in two samples of socioeconomically diverse youth
Suppression of non-selected solutions as a possible brain mechanism for ambiguity resolution in the word fragment task completion task
Acupuncture Enhances Dorsal Raphe Functional Connectivity in Knee Osteoarthritis With Chronic Pain
Common and distinct neurofunctional representations of core and social disgust in the brain: Coordinate-based and network meta-analyses.
Aberrant Resting-State Functional Brain Connectivity of Insular Subregions in Obstructive Sleep Apnea
Altered Neurovascular Coupling in Unilateral Pulsatile Tinnitus
Cognitive Implications of Correlated Structural Network Changes in Schizophrenia
Regular Practice of Autogenic Training Reduces Migraine Frequency and Is Associated With Brain Activity Changes in Response to Fearful Visual Stimuli
Decreased Gray Matter Volume in the Frontal Cortex of Migraine Patients with Associated Functional Connectivity Alterations: A VBM and rs-FC Study
Relationship of fasting glucose and longitudinal Alzheimer's disease imaging markers
Cholinergic receptor binding in unimpaired older adults, mild cognitive impairment, and Alzheimer’s disease dementia
C-reactive protein is related to a distinct set of alterations in resting-state functional connectivity contributing to a differential pathophysiology of major depressive disorder.
Assessing functional connectivity differences and work-related fatigue in surviving COVID-negative patients
Neural representations of absolute and relative magnitudes in symbolic and nonsymbolic formats.
Developmental differences in brain functional connectivity during social interaction in middle childhood
How resource sharing resists scarcity: the role of cognitive empathy and its neurobiological mechanisms
Estimated gray matter volume rapidly changes after a short motor task
Instantaneous neural processing of communicative functions conveyed by speech prosody
Meta-analytic activation maps can help identify affective processes captured by contrast-based task fMRI: the case of threat-related facial expressions
The whole‐brain voxel‐based morphometry study in early stage of T2DM patients
Lower Socioeconomic Position Is Associated with Greater Activity in and Integration within an Allostatic-Interoceptive Brain Network in Response to Affective Stimuli.
Temporal Interference (TI) Stimulation Boosts Functional Connectivity in Human Motor Cortex: A Comparison Study with Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS)
Immediate and long‐term effects of speech treatment targets and intensive dosage on Parkinson's disease dysphonia and the speech motor network: Randomized controlled trial
Less is more: Removing a modality of an expected olfactory‐visual stimulation enhances brain activation
Gray matter alteration in medication overuse headache: a coordinates-based activation likelihood estimation meta-analysis
Stochastic resonance at early visual cortex during figure orientation discrimination using transcranial magnetic stimulation.
Evidence of graphomotor dysfunction in children with dyslexia: A combined behavioural and fMRI experiment.
Aberrant cortical surface and cognition function in drug-naive first-episode schizophrenia
Effect of Phase-Encoding Direction on Gender Differences: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Atypical Relationships Between Neurofunctional Features of Print-Sound Integration and Reading Abilities in Chinese Children With Dyslexia
Avalanche criticality in individuals, fluid intelligence, and working memory
Longitudinal changes in resting-state functional connectivity and gray matter volume are associated with conversion to hearing impairment in older adults
Impact of serotonergic medication on interoception in major depressive disorder.
Differential associations between apolipoprotein E alleles and cerebral myelin content in normative aging.
Narrow doorways alter brain connectivity and step patterns in isolated REM sleep behaviour disorder
Aberrant pattern of cerebral blood flow in patients with major depressive disorder: A meta-analysis of arterial spin labelling studies.
The Changes of Brain Function After Spinal Manipulation Therapy in Patients with Chronic Low Back Pain: A Rest BOLD fMRI Study
Altered Effective Connectivity Measured by Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging in Posterior Parietal-Frontal-Striatum Circuit in Patients With Disorder of Consciousness
Intrinsic Brain Activity of Inferior Temporal Region Increased in Prodromal Alzheimer's Disease With Hearing Loss
Brain Surface Area Alterations Correlate With Gait Impairments in Parkinson’s Disease
Distinct Hypothalamic Paraventricular Nucleus Inputs to the Cingulate Cortex and Paraventricular Thalamic Nucleus Modulate Anxiety and Arousal
Personality Traits Induce Different Brain Patterns When Processing Social and Valence Information
Functional and Structural Architectures of Allocentric and Egocentric Spatial Coding in Aging: A Combined DTI and fMRI Study
A Comparison Between the Performances of Verbal and Nonverbal Fluency Tests in Discriminating Between Mild Cognitive Impairments and Alzheimer’s Disease Patients and Their Brain Morphological Correlates
Neural correlates of negative emotion processing in subthreshold depression
Neuroepigenetic impact on mentalizing in childhood
A Crucial Role of the Frontal Operculum in Task-Set Dependent Visuomotor Performance Monitoring
Reward Value Enhances Sequence Monitoring Ramping Dynamics as Ending Rewards Approach in the Rostrolateral Prefrontal Cortex
Characterizing multiscale modular structures in medication‐free obsessive–compulsive disorder patients with no comorbidity
Time for a paradigm shift: The adolescent brain in addiction treatment
Antisocial behavior is associated with reduced frontoparietal activity to loss in a population-based sample of adolescents
Abnormal dynamics of resting-state functional activity and couplings in postpartum depression with and without anxiety.
Association between resting-state functional connectivity of amygdala subregions and peripheral pro-inflammation cytokines levels in bipolar disorder.
Disruption of regional homogeneity in the brains of chronic methamphetamine users.
Basal ganglia stroke is associated with altered functional connectivity of the left inferior temporal gyrus.
Deep neural networks reveal topic-level representations of sentences in medial prefrontal cortex, lateral anterior temporal lobe, precuneus, and angular gyrus
Moral wounds run deep: exaggerated midbrain functional network connectivity across the default mode network in posttraumatic stress disorder
Neural Correlates of Physical Activity Moderate the Association Between Problematic Mobile Phone Use and Psychological Symptoms
Disassociated and concurrent structural and functional abnormalities in the drug-naïve first-episode early onset schizophrenia
Growing in generosity? The effects of giving magnitude, target, and audience on the neural signature of giving in adolescence☆
Alterations of regional spontaneous neuronal activity and corresponding brain circuits related to non-suicidal self-injury in young adults with major depressive disorder.
Investigation of baseline attention, executive control, and performance variability in female varsity athletes.
Functional patterns of neural activation during vocal emotion recognition in youth with and without refractory epilepsy
Neural basis of associative learning in Trichotillomania and skin-picking disorder.
Neural correlates of individual differences in predicting ambiguous sounds comprehension level.
Dissociable Functional Brain Networks Associated With Apathy in Subcortical Ischemic Vascular Disease and Alzheimer’s Disease
Altered Interplay Among Large-Scale Brain Functional Networks Modulates Multi-Domain Anosognosia in Early Alzheimer’s Disease
Differentiating Melancholic and Non-melancholic Major Depressive Disorder Using Fractional Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuations
Alterations of Regional Homogeneity in Crohn's Disease With Psychological Disorders: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Intrusive experiences in posttraumatic stress disorder: Treatment response induces changes in the directed functional connectivity of the anterior insula
Hyperbaric oxygen therapy improves symptoms, brain’s microstructure and functionality in veterans with treatment resistant post-traumatic stress disorder: A prospective, randomized, controlled trial
Imaging visuospatial memory in temporal lobe epilepsy—Results of an fMRI study
Cognitive behavioral therapy may rehabilitate abnormally functional communication pattern among the triple-network in major depressive disorder: A follow-up study.
Data-driven study on resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging during early abstinence of alcohol dependence in male patients and its predictive value for relapse
Signatures of life course socioeconomic conditions in brain anatomy
Dissociating the Neural Correlates of Planning and Executing Tasks with Nested Task Sets.
White matter microstructure and volume correlates of premenstrual dysphoric disorder
The Effect of Abnormal Regional Homogeneity and Spontaneous Low-Frequency Brain Activity on Lower Cognitive Ability: A Cross-Sectional Study on Postoperative Children With Tetralogy of Fallot
Not Only in Sensorimotor Network: Local and Distant Cerebral Inherent Activity of Chronic Ankle Instability—A Resting-State fMRI Study
A Functional Near-Infrared Spectroscopy Examination of the Neural Correlates of Mental Rotation for Individuals With Different Depressive Tendencies
Interplay Between the Salience and the Default Mode Network in a Social-Cognitive Task Toward a Close Other
Cerebral Blood Flow and Brain Functional Connectivity Changes in Older Adults Participating in a Mindfulness-Based Stress Reduction Program
No smoking signs with strong smoking symbols induce weak cravings: an fMRI and EEG study.
Different Language Modalities Yet Similar Cognitive Processes in Arithmetic Fact Retrieval
Evidence of Altered Functional Connectivity at Rest in the Writing Network of Children with Dyslexia
Attention Control and Audiomotor Processes Underlying Anticipation of Musical Themes while Listening to Familiar Sonata-Form Pieces
Aberrant functional connectivity in insular subregions in somatic depression: a resting-state fMRI study
Altered spontaneous brain activity patterns in patients with diabetic retinopathy using amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation
Sex-related brain connectivity correlates of compensation in adults with autism: insights into female protection.
Equivalent current dipole sources of neurofeedback training-induced alpha activity through temporal/spectral analytic techniques
Altered resting fMRI spectral power in data-driven brain networks during development: A longitudinal study.
Mapping the human connectome using diffusion MRI at 300 mT/m gradient strength: Methodological advances and scientific impact.
Olfactory bulb volume and cortical thickness evolve during sommelier training
Functional connectivity alteration of the deprived auditory regions with cognitive networks in deaf and inattentive adolescents.
Development of the neural correlates of self- and other-referential processing across adolescence.
Increased prefrontal cortex connectivity associated with depression vulnerability and relapse.
Altered activation in the action observation system during synchronization in high loneliness individuals
Abnormalities of Thalamic Functional Connectivity in Patients with Migraine: A Resting-State fMRI Study
A Real-World Observation of Antipsychotic Effects on Brain Volumes and Intrinsic Brain Activity in Schizophrenia
Functional Reorganization After Four-Week Brain–Computer Interface-Controlled Supernumerary Robotic Finger Training: A Pilot Study of Longitudinal Resting-State fMRI
Right-Lateralized Enhancement of the Auditory Cortical Network During Imagined Music Performance
Neural Correlates Predicting Lane-Keeping and Hazard Detection: An fMRI Study Featuring a Pedestrian-Rich Simulator Environment
Effects of Anosognosia on Static and Dynamic Amplitudes of Low-Frequency Fluctuation in Mild Cognitive Impairment
The Predictive Value of Dynamic Intrinsic Local Metrics in Transient Ischemic Attack
The Frontal and Cerebellar Metabolism Related to Cognitive Dysfunction in Multiple System Atrophy
Gender-Related Differences in Regional Cerebral Glucose Metabolism in Normal Aging Brain
The Relationship Between Vitamin D, Clinical Manifestations, and Functional Network Connectivity in Female Patients With Major Depressive Disorder
Altered Spontaneous Brain Activity and Functional Integration in Hemodialysis Patients With End-Stage Renal Disease
Characterization of Hippocampal-Thalamic-Cortical Morphometric Reorganization in Temporal Lobe Epilepsy
The cerebellum and cognition: further evidence for its role in language control.
Distinct alterations in cerebellar connectivity with substantia nigra and ventral tegmental area in Parkinson’s disease
Effects of family history of substance use disorder on reward processing in adolescents with and without attention‐deficit/hyperactivity disorder
Visuomotor processing is altered after peripheral nerve damage in neuralgic amyotrophy
An integrated cluster‐wise significance measure for fMRI analysis
Default mode network connectivity and treatment response in geriatric depression
Neurological symptoms and disorders following electrical injury: A register-based matched cohort study
Examining the neural correlates of error awareness in a large fMRI study
Sex-dependent multimodal response profiles to psychosocial stress.
Reduced modulation of BOLD variability as a function of cognitive load in healthy aging.
Cognition in Patients With Multiple System Atrophy (MSA) and Its Neuroimaging Correlation: A Prospective Case-Control Study
Intrinsic network connectivity reflects the cyclic trajectory of migraine attacks
Altered prefrontal signaling during inhibitory control in a salient drug context in cocaine use disorder.
Resisting aggression in social contexts: The influence of life-course persistent antisocial behavior on behavioral and neural responses to social feedback
Testing the adolescent social reorientation model during self and other evaluation using hierarchical growth curve modeling with parcellated fMRI data
Task modulates the orthographic and phonological representations in the bilateral ventral Occipitotemporal cortex.
White matter alterations in familial cortical myoclonic tremor with epilepsy type 1.
Neural correlates of working memory and its association with metabolic parameters in early-treated adults with phenylketonuria
Effect of the Minor C Allele of CNTN4 rs2619566 on Medial Hypothalamic Connectivity in Early-Stage Patients of Chinese Han Ancestry with Sporadic Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
Altered Brain Functional Asymmetry in Patients With Major Depressive Disorder Related to Gastrointestinal Symptoms
On the Dynamics of Spatial Updating
Resting-State fMRI in Predicting Response to Treatment With SSRIs in First-Episode, Drug-Naive Patients With Major Depressive Disorder
Neuroimaging Examination of Driving Mode Switching Corresponding to Changes in the Driving Environment
Effects of Exercise on Parkinson’s Disease: A Meta-Analysis of Brain Imaging Studies
Global Functional Connectivity Analysis Indicating Dysconnectivity of the Hate Circuit in Major Depressive Disorder
Altered Global Signal Topography in Alcohol Use Disorders
Cerebral Blood Flow Alterations in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Arterial Spin Labeling Studies
Role of Perceived Competence and Task Interest in Learning From Negative Feedback
Structural and Functional Asymmetry in Precentral and Postcentral Gyrus in Patients With Unilateral Chronic Shoulder Pain
Efficacy of Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation Over Dorsolateral Prefrontal Cortex in Patients With Minimally Conscious State
Associations Between Brain Structural Alterations, Executive Dysfunction, and General Psychopathology in a Healthy and Cross-Diagnostic Adult Patient Sample
Oxytocin enhances basolateral amygdala activation and functional connectivity while processing emotional faces: preliminary findings in autistic vs non-autistic women
Resting-state functional connectivity indicators of risk and resilience for self-harm in adolescent bipolar disorder
The relationship between recent PTSD secondary to sexual assault, hippocampal volume and resting state functional connectivity in adolescent girls
Spontaneous neural activity in the right fusiform gyrus and putamen is associated with consummatory anhedonia in obsessive compulsive disorder.
Neurite dispersion and density mediates the relationship between cardiorespiratory fitness and cognition in healthy younger adults.
Towards a mechanistic understanding of mindfulness-based stress reduction (MBSR) using an RCT neuroimaging approach: Effects on regulating own stress in social and non-social situations.
Evidence for cortical adjustments to perceptual decision criteria during word recognition in noise
Transdiagnostic alterations in neural emotion regulation circuits – neural substrates of cognitive reappraisal in patients with depression and post-traumatic stress disorder
Genetic influences on central and peripheral nervous system activity during fear conditioning
Impaired functional network properties contribute to white matter hyperintensity related cognitive decline in patients with cerebral small vessel disease
Effect of Second Language Proficiency on Inhibitory Control in the Simon Task: An fMRI Study
Case Report: Atonic PNES Capture in fMRI
Brain Activity Changes in Slow 5 and Slow 4 Frequencies in Patients With Optic Neuritis: A Resting State Functional MRI Study
Development of attentional networks during childhood and adolescence: A functional MRI study
Distinct cerebral coherence in task-based fMRI hyperscanning: cooperation versus competition.
Easy to interpret coordinate based meta-analysis of neuroimaging studies: Analysis of brain coordinates (ABC).
Intrinsic Connectivity and Family Dynamics: Striatolimbic Markers of Risk and Resilience in Youth at Familial Risk for Mood Disorders.
Identifying and Predicting Autism Spectrum Disorder Based on Multi-Site Structural MRI With Machine Learning
Exercise Intensity and Brain Plasticity: What’s the Difference of Brain Structural and Functional Plasticity Characteristics Between Elite Aerobic and Anaerobic Athletes?
Yoga Prevents Gray Matter Atrophy in Women at Risk for Alzheimer’s Disease: A Randomized Controlled Trial
On the intersection between data quality and dynamical modelling of large-scale fMRI signals.
Increased child‐evoked activation in the precuneus during facial affect recognition in mothers
Neural oscillations during motor imagery of complex gait: an HdEEG study
Schizotypal traits across the amyotrophic lateral sclerosis–frontotemporal dementia spectrum: pathomechanistic insights
Neural Correlates of Attachment Representation in Patients With Borderline Personality Disorder Using a Personalized Functional Magnet Resonance Imaging Task
Brain Atrophy and Clinical Characterization of Adults With Mild Cognitive Impairment and Different Cerebrospinal Fluid Biomarker Profiles According to the AT(N) Research Framework of Alzheimer’s Disease
Altered Spontaneous Brain Activity and Network Property in Patients With Congenital Monocular Blindness
Altered Brain Morphometry in Cerebral Small Vessel Disease With Cerebral Microbleeds: An Investigation Combining Univariate and Multivariate Pattern Analyses
Effect of Anti-seizure Medications on Functional Anatomy of Language: A Perspective From Language Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging
Cognitive Deficit and Aberrant Intrinsic Brain Functional Network in Early-Stage Drug-Naive Parkinson’s Disease
Cerebral Metabolic Analysis of Patients With Colorectal Cancer and Chronic Enteritis: Inquiry Into Gut-Brain Crosstalk
Neural Correlates of Listening to Varying Synchrony Between Beats in Samba Percussion and Relations to Feeling the Groove
Disrupted Functional Connectivity of the Amygdala Predicts the Efficacy of Non-steroidal Anti-inflammatory Drugs in Migraineurs Without Aura
Real-Time fMRI Neurofeedback Training Changes Brain Degree Centrality and Improves Sleep in Chronic Insomnia Disorder: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Early Fractional Amplitude of Low Frequency Fluctuation Can Predict the Efficacy of Transcutaneous Auricular Vagus Nerve Stimulation Treatment for Migraine Without Aura
Shunt Surgery Efficacy Is Correlated With Baseline Cerebrum Perfusion in Idiopathic Normal Pressure Hydrocephalus: A 3D Pulsed Arterial-Spin Labeling Study
Structural connectivity associated with familial risk for mental illness: A meta‐analysis of diffusion tensor imaging studies in relatives of patients with severe mental disorders
Mechanisms of Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation on Post-stroke Depression: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study.
Symptom-severity-related brain connectivity alterations in functional movement disorders
Spectral dynamic causal modeling of mindfulness, mind-wandering, and resting-state in the triple network using fMRI
Altered functional connectivity between brain structures in adults with type 1 diabetes and polyneuropathy.
Prediction and action in cortical pain processing
Structural and functional biomarkers of the insula subregions predict sex differences in aggression subscales
Gaming behavior and brain activation using functional near‐infrared spectroscopy, Iowa gambling task, and machine learning techniques
Differential neural sensitivity to social inclusion and exclusion in adolescents in foster care
Disrupted olfactory functional connectivity in patients with late-life depression.
Triple Network Functional Connectivity During Acute Stress in Adolescents and the Influence of Polyvictimization.
Self-regulation of the posterior cingulate cortex with real-time fMRI neurofeedback augmented mindfulness training in healthy adolescents: A nonrandomized feasibility study
The role of sex in the association between cannabis use and working memory‐related brain activity
Neurofunctional characteristics of executive control in older people with HIV infection: a comparison with Parkinson's disease.
Brain Responses to Hypnotic Verbal Suggestions Predict Pain Modulation
Sex-Specific Abnormalities and Treatment-Related Plasticity of Subgenual Anterior Cingulate Cortex Functional Connectivity in Chronic Pain
The role of the right prefrontal cortex in the retrieval of weak representations
Quantification of Brain β-Amyloid Load in Parkinson's Disease With Mild Cognitive Impairment: A PET/MRI Study
Automatic and effortful control of interference in working memory can be distinguished by unique behavioral and functional brain representations.
Voxel-based morphometry and a deep learning model for the diagnosis of early Alzheimer’s disease based on cerebral gray matter changes
Different patterns of white matter microstructural alterations between psychotic and non-psychotic bipolar disorder
Apolipoprotein ε4 modifies obesity-related atrophy in the hippocampal formation of cognitively healthy adults.
Automatized FACEmemory® scoring is related to Alzheimer’s disease phenotype and biomarkers in early-onset mild cognitive impairment: the BIOFACE cohort
Enhanced default mode network functional connectivity links with electroconvulsive therapy response in major depressive disorder.
Neuronal efficiency following n-back training task is accompanied by a higher cerebral glucose metabolism.
Neural correlates associated with processing food stimuli in anorexia nervosa and bulimia nervosa: an activation likelihood estimation meta-analysis of fMRI studies
Abnormal habenula functional connectivity characterizes treatment-resistant depression
Longitudinal changes in the neural oscillatory dynamics underlying abstract reasoning in children and adolescents
Adolescents’ affective and neural responses to parental praise and criticism
Disrupted Cerebellar-Default Mode Network Functional Connectivity in Major Depressive Disorder With Gastrointestinal Symptoms
Task-Based Functional Connectivity and Blood-Oxygen-Level-Dependent Activation During Within-Scanner Performance of Lumbopelvic Motor Tasks: A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Enhanced Resting-State Functional Connectivity With Decreased Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuations of the Salience Network in Mindfulness Novices
Gray Matter Alterations in Pediatric Schizophrenia and Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Voxel-Based Morphometry Studies
Structural Covariance of the Ipsilesional Primary Motor Cortex in Subcortical Stroke Patients with Motor Deficits
Brain Functional Topology Alteration in Right Lateral Occipital Cortex Is Associated With Upper Extremity Motor Recovery
Evaluation of a Simple Clinical Language Paradigm With Respect to Sensory Independency, Functional Asymmetry, and Effective Connectivity
Reduced Inter-Voxel White Matter Integrity in Subjective Cognitive Decline: Diffusion Tensor Imaging With Tract-Based Spatial Statistics Analysis
Abnormal Cerebrovascular Reactivity and Functional Connectivity Caused by White Matter Hyperintensity Contribute to Cognitive Decline
Altered Intra- and Inter-Network Functional Connectivity in Patients With Crohn’s Disease: An Independent Component Analysis-Based Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Altered Neural Network Connectivity Predicts Depression in de novo Parkinson’s Disease
Functional Covariance Connectivity of Gray and White Matter in Olfactory-Related Brain Regions in Parkinson’s Disease
Identifying Changes of Brain Regional Homogeneity and Cingulo-Opercular Network Connectivity in First-Episode, Drug-Naïve Depressive Patients With Suicidal Ideation
Gray and White Matter Changes Associated with Psychophysical Functions Induced by Diabolo Training in Young Men
Functional connectivity modulations during offset analgesia in chronic pain patients: an fMRI study.
Does losing money truly hurt? The shared neural bases of monetary loss and pain
Multisensory mental imagery of fatigue : Evidence from an fMRI study
Meta-analytical transdiagnostic neural correlates in common pediatric psychiatric disorders
Longitudinal whole-brain analysis of multi-subject diffusion data in diffuse axonal injury
Generating odour imagery enhances brain activity in individuals with low subjective olfactory imagery ability.
Longitudinal change in neural response to vocal emotion in adolescence
Recovery of superior frontal gyrus cortical thickness and resting‐state functional connectivity in abstinent heroin users after 8 months of follow‐up
Sulcal morphology as cognitive decline predictor in older adults with memory complaints.
Sex differences in the intrinsic reading neural networks of Chinese children
Depicting People in Visual Cues Affects Alcohol Cue Reactivity in Male Alcohol-Dependent Patients
Brain Structure and Optimism Bias: A Voxel-Based Morphometry Approach
Altered Pain Processing Associated with Administration of Dopamine Agonist and Antagonist in Healthy Volunteers
Neural Correlates of Numerical Estimation: The Role of Strategy Use
Neurofeedback-Augmented Mindfulness Training Elicits Distinct Responses in the Subregions of the Insular Cortex in Healthy Adolescents
Threat Detection in Nearby Space Mobilizes Human Ventral Premotor Cortex, Intraparietal Sulcus, and Amygdala
Polygenic Risk for Schizophrenia Has Sex-Specific Effects on Brain Activity during Memory Processing in Healthy Individuals
Abnormal Intrinsic Functional Hubs in Corneal Ulcer: Evidence from a Voxel-Wise Degree Centrality Analysis
Amplitude of Low-Frequency Oscillations in First-Episode Drug-Naive Patients with Major Depressive Disorder: A Resting State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Nodal degree changes induced by electroconvulsive therapy in major depressive disorder: Evidence in two independent cohorts.
Cueing emotional memories during slow wave sleep modulates next-day activity in the orbitofrontal cortex and the amygdala.
Different computational relations in language are captured by distinct brain systems.
Influence and interaction of resting state functional magnetic resonance and tryptophan hydroxylase-2 methylation on short-term antidepressant drug response
Individual differences in brain structure and self-reported empathy in children
Neuropathways of theory of mind in schizophrenia: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Brain structures associated with individual differences in decisional and emotional forgiveness.
The role of the interaction between the inferior parietal lobule and superior temporal gyrus in the multisensory Go/No-go task.
Detecting spontaneous deception in the brain
Alteration in Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Signal Complexity Across Multiple Time Scales in Patients With Migraine Without Aura
Neural spatio-temporal patterns of information processing related to cognitive conflict and correct or false recognitions
A genome-wide association study in autoimmune neurological syndromes with anti-GAD65 autoantibodies
Meta‐analytic evidence for downregulation of the amygdala during working memory maintenance
Cross-Sectional Investigation of Brain Volume in Dyslexia
Significant Structural Alterations and Functional Connectivity Alterations of Cerebellar Gray Matter in Patients With Somatic Symptom Disorder
Effect of Impaired Stereoscopic Vision on Large-Scale Resting-State Functional Network Connectivity in Comitant Exotropia Patients
Neurological soft signs and brain morphology in people living with HIV
Application of a Machine Learning Algorithm for Structural Brain Images in Chronic Schizophrenia to Earlier Clinical Stages of Psychosis and Autism Spectrum Disorder: A Multiprotocol Imaging Dataset Study
Perceiving social injustice during arrests of Black and White civilians by White police officers: An fMRI investigation.
Circadian Variation of Migraine Attack Onset Affects fMRI Brain Response to Fearful Faces
Functional connectivity–based prediction of global cognition and motor function in riluzole-naive amyotrophic lateral sclerosis patients
Functional Connectivity Changes in Multiple-Frequency Bands in Acute Basal Ganglia Ischemic Stroke Patients: A Machine Learning Approach
Association Between Antidepressant Efficacy and Interactions of Three Core Depression-Related Brain Networks in Major Depressive Disorder
Insular-associated causal network of structural covariance evaluating progressive gray matter changes in major depressive disorder.
Dopaminergic medication normalizes aberrant cognitive control circuit signalling in Parkinson's disease.
Frontolimbic Network Topology Associated With Risk and Presence of Depression in Adolescents: A Study Using a Composite Risk Score in Brazil.
Cross-sectional and Longitudinal Associations of Anxiety and Irritability With Adolescents' Neural Responses to Cognitive Conflict.
EEG-fMRI: Ballistocardiogram Artifact Reduction by Surrogate Method for Improved Source Localization
High-Frequency Hearing Loss Is Associated With Anxiety and Brain Structural Plasticity in Older Adults
Functional Brain Connectivity in Mild Cognitive Impairment With Sleep Disorders: A Study Based on Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging
Alterations in Cortical-Subcortical Metabolism in Temporal Lobe Epilepsy With Impaired Awareness Seizures
Differential Relationships Between Brain Structure and Dual Task Walking in Young and Older Adults
Regional Alteration within the Cerebellum and the Reorganization of the Cerebrocerebellar System following Poststroke Aphasia
The Role of the Ventromedial Prefrontal Cortex in Preferential Decisions for Own- and Other-Age Faces
Mapping brain structure and function in professional fencers: A model to study training effects on central nervous system plasticity
Processing of visual and non-visual naturalistic spatial information in the "parahippocampal place area"
Mapping cognitive deficits in cancer patients after chemotherapy: An Activation Likelihood Estimation meta-analysis of task-related fMRI studies
Comparative research on neural dysfunction in children with dyslexia under different writing systems: A meta-analysis study.
Neural correlates of affective control regions induced by common therapeutic strategies in major depressive disorders: An activation likelihood estimation meta-analysis study.
Neural correlates of semantic number: A cross-linguistic investigation.
Dynamical Complexity Fingerprints of Occupation-Dependent Brain Functional Networks in Professional Seafarers
Altered Brain Structural Reorganization and Hierarchical Integrated Processing in Obesity
Altered Brain Function and Causal Connectivity Induced by Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation Treatment for Major Depressive Disorder
Dynamic Transitions Between Brain States Predict Auditory Attentional Fluctuations
Signal Detection Theory as a Novel Tool to Understand Cognitive Fatigue in Individuals With Multiple Sclerosis
Associations Between Sign Language Skills and Resting-State Functional Connectivity in Deaf Early Signers
Neural Correlates of Executed Compared to Imagined Writing and Drawing Movements: A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
The Brain Structural-Functional Vulnerability in Drug-Naive Children With Juvenile Idiopathic Arthritis: Insights From the Hippocampus
Metabolic Imaging of Deep Brain Stimulation in Meige Syndrome
Dynamic Alterations in Functional Connectivity Density in Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Improved Interhemispheric Functional Connectivity in Postpartum Depression Disorder: Associations With Individual Target-Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation Treatment Effects
Benefit from retrieval practice is linked to temporal and frontal activity in healthy young and older humans
Modulation of network centrality and gray matter microstructure using multi‐session brain stimulation and memory training
Bifocal emotion regulation through acupoint tapping in fear of flying
Volume of the posterior hippocampus mediates age-related differences in spatial context memory and is correlated with increased activity in lateral frontal, parietal and occipital regions in healthy aging.
Frequency‐dependent modulation of neural oscillations across the gait cycle
Effects of left and right medial temporal lobe resections on hemodynamic correlates of negative and neutral scene processing
Abnormal functional connectivity of the striatum in first‐episode drug‐naive early‐onset Schizophrenia
The fMRI correlates of visuo-spatial abilities: sex differences and gender dysphoria
Neuroanatomical correlations of visuospatial processing in primary progressive aphasia
Enhanced processing of aversive stimuli on embodied artificial limbs by the human amygdala
Neural responses to reward anticipation and feedback in adult and adolescent cannabis users and controls
Morphological patterns and spatial probability maps of the superior parietal sulcus in the human brain.
Altered intrinsic brain activity in patients with CSF1R-related leukoencephalopathy.
Association of cognitive impairment and reduced cortical thickness in prefrontal cortex and anterior cingulate cortex with treatment-resistant depression.
Usefulness of contrast-enhanced multi-detector computed tomography in identifying upper gastrointestinal bleeding: A retrospective study of patients admitted to the emergency department
Functional Connectivity Hypointensity of Middle Cingulate Gyrus and Thalamus in Age-Related Macular Degeneration Patients: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Brain Response to a Knee Proprioception Task Among Persons With Anterior Cruciate Ligament Reconstruction and Controls
Integrated Functional Neuroimaging, Monoamine Neurotransmitters, and Behavioral Score on Depressive Tendency in Intensive Care Unit Medical Staffs Induced by Sleep Deprivation After Night Shift Work
Shapes of subcortical structures in adolescents with and without familial history of substance use disorder
Disruption of cerebellar-cortical functional connectivity predicts balance instability in alcohol use disorder.
NT3 treatment alters spinal cord injury-induced changes in the gray matter volume of rhesus monkey cortex
Systematically mapping gray matter abnormal patterns in drug-naïve first-episode schizophrenia from childhood to adolescence.
The functional dissociation of posterior parietal regions during multimodal memory formation
Regional amplitude abnormities in the major depressive disorder: A resting-state fMRI study and support vector machine analysis.
The effect of early cognitive behavior therapy for first-episode treatment-naive major depressive disorder.
COVID‐19 vicarious traumatization links functional connectome to general distress
Environmental noise, brain structure, and language development in children.
Analysis of Factors Affecting Cranial Nerve Function of Patients With Vascular Mild Cognitive Impairment Through Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Under Artificial Intelligence Environment
The Resting-State Brain Network Functional Connectivity Changes in Patients With Acute Thyrotoxic Myopathy Based on Independent Component Analysis
Abnormalities of Gray Matter Volume and Its Correlation with Clinical Symptoms in Adolescents with High-Functioning Autism Spectrum Disorder
The Right Inferior Frontal Gyrus Plays an Important Role in Unconscious Information Processing: Activation Likelihood Estimation Analysis Based on Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging
Enhanced Resting-State Functional Connectivity of the Nucleus Accumbens in First-Episode, Medication-Naïve Patients With Early Onset Schizophrenia
Musicianship-Related Structural and Functional Cortical Features Are Preserved in Elderly Musicians
Altered Brain Activity in Depression of Parkinson’s Disease: A Meta-Analysis and Validation Study
Different Neural Information Flows Affected by Activity Patterns for Action and Verb Generation
Transcutaneous Auricular Vagus Nerve Stimulation Modulates the Prefrontal Cortex in Chronic Insomnia Patients: fMRI Study in the First Session
Study of normal-tension glaucoma based on OCTA and VBM-DARTEL analysis
Dissociative identity state-dependent working memory in dissociative identity disorder: a controlled functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Punishment cost affects third-parties' behavioral and neural responses to unfairness.
Probiotic Mixture Containing Lactobacillus helveticus, Bifidobacterium longum and Lactiplantibacillus plantarum Affects Brain Responses to an Arithmetic Stress Task in Healthy Subjects: A Randomised Clinical Trial and Proof-of-Concept Study
Visual Tract Degradation in Bilateral Normal-Tension Glaucoma—Cortical Thickness Maps and Volumetric Study of Visual Pathway Areas
The neural mechanisms underlying the modulation of attentional deployment on emotional stability.
Visual expertise modulates baseline brain activity: a preliminary resting-state fMRI study using expertise model of radiologists
Brain Morphological Modifications in Congenital and Acquired Auditory Deprivation: A Systematic Review and Coordinate-Based Meta-Analysis
Alteration in the Functional Organization of the Default Mode Network Following Closed Non-severe Traumatic Brain Injury
Altered Cingulum Functioning in Major Depressive Disorder Patient With Suicide Attempts: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Examining Inhibitory Affective Processing Within the Rostral Anterior Cingulate Cortex Among Abstinent Cannabis-Using Adolescents and Young Adults
BMRMI Reduces Depressive Rumination Possibly through Improving Abnormal FC of Dorsal ACC
Common and distinct patterns of gray matter alterations in young adults with borderline personality disorder and major depressive disorder.
Myeloarchitectonic plasticity in elite golf players' brains
Aberrant Volume-Wise and Voxel-Wise Concordance Among Dynamic Intrinsic Brain Activity Indices in Parkinson’s Disease: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Altered Spontaneous Brain Activity in Left-Behind Children: A Resting-State Functional MRI Study
Relationships between Personality Traits and Brain Gray Matter Are Different in Risky and Non-risky Drivers
The effects of nalmefene on the impulsive and reflective system in alcohol use disorder: A resting-state fMRI study
Brain network hierarchy reorganization in Alzheimer's disease: A resting‐state functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Neural reactivation and judgements of vividness reveal separable contributions to mnemonic representation.
Differences in functional brain organization during gesture recognition between autistic and neurotypical individuals
Development of the mentalizing network structures and theory of mind in extremely preterm youth
Neuroanatomical Correlates of Mild-to-Moderate Depression: Memory Ability Mediates the Association Between Gray Matter Volume and Antidepressant Treatment Outcome
Obesity, Psychological Distress, and Resting State Connectivity of the Hippocampus and Amygdala Among Women With Early-Stage Breast Cancer
Abnormal Default Mode Network Homogeneity in Major Depressive Disorder With Gastrointestinal Symptoms at Rest
Auditory Cognitive Training Improves Brain Plasticity in Healthy Older Adults: Evidence From a Randomized Controlled Trial
Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuation With Different Clinical Outcomes in Patients With Generalized Tonic–Clonic Seizures
Neural functional connectivity during rumination in individuals with adverse childhood experiences
Distinct neural signatures of schizotypy and psychopathy during visual word‐nonword recognition
Nx4 Modulated Resting-State Functional Connectivity Between Amygdala and Prefrontal Cortex in a Placebo-Controlled, Crossover Trial
Mechanisms supporting the social regulation of neural threat responding with marital partners: A test of the opioid hypothesis.
Diminished preparatory physiological responses in frontotemporal lobar degeneration syndromes
Precise functional connections between the dorsal anterior cingulate cortex and areas recruited for physical inference
Altered basal ganglia infraslow oscillation and resting functional connectivity in complex regional pain syndrome
Connectome-based predictive modeling of compulsion in obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Center of mass and anatomical coordinate system definition for sheep head kinematics, with application to ovine models of traumatic brain injury
Neural activation during emotional interference corresponds to emotion dysregulation in stressed teachers
Degeneration of the Sensorimotor Tract in Degenerative Cervical Myelopathy and Compensatory Structural Changes in the Brain
Dynamic and Static Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuation Is a Potential Biomarker for Predicting Prognosis of Degenerative Cervical Myelopathy Patients: A Preliminary Resting-State fMRI Study
The acute effects of cannabidiol on emotional processing and anxiety: a neurocognitive imaging study
Forward planning driven by context-dependant conflict processing in anterior cingulate cortex.
The dorsal premotor cortex encodes the step-by-step planning processes for goal-directed motor behavior in humans.
Rates of β-amyloid deposition indicate widespread simultaneous accumulation throughout the brain.
Features and Extra-Striate Body Area Representations of Diagnostic Body Parts in Anger and Fear Perception
Alterations in resting‐state whole‐brain functional connectivity pattern similarity in bipolar disorder patients
Shared and specific characteristics of regional cerebral blood flow and functional connectivity in unmedicated bipolar and major depressive disorders.
Distributed networks for auditory memory differentially contribute to recall precision.
Retention Effects of Long-Term Balance Training with Vibrotactile Sensory Augmentation in Healthy Older Adults
Association between high levels of body-esteem and increased degree of midcingulate cortex global connectivity: A resting-state fMRI study.
Using resting thalamic connectivity to identify the relationship between Eysenck personality traits and intelligence in healthy adults.
Development of regional brain gray matter volume across the first 13 years of life is associated with childhood math computation ability for children born very preterm and full term.
Alcohol- and non-alcohol-related interference: An fMRI study of treatment-seeking adults with alcohol use disorder.
Dysfunction in the Interaction of Information Between and Within the Bilateral Primary Sensory Cortex
Are There Neural Overlaps of Reactivity to Illegal Drugs, Tobacco, and Alcohol Cues? With Evidence From ALE and CMA
Coping With Anxiety: Brain Structural Correlates of Vigilance and Cognitive Avoidance
Altered Brain Activity in Patients With Comitant Strabismus Detected by Analysis of the Fractional Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuation: A Resting-State Functional MRI Study
Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation Induces Quantified Functional and Structural Changes in Subcortical Stroke: A Combined Arterial Spin Labeling Perfusion and Diffusion Tensor Imaging Study
More Than Just Statics: Temporal Dynamic Changes in Inter- and Intrahemispheric Functional Connectivity in First-Episode, Drug-Naive Patients With Major Depressive Disorder
Altered Spontaneous Brain Activity Patterns in Children With Strabismic Amblyopia After Low-Frequency Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
The Role of Medial Prefrontal Cortex in Acupuncture Treatment for Functional Dyspepsia
A Comparative Study of Regional Homogeneity of Resting-State fMRI Between the Early-Onset and Late-Onset Recurrent Depression in Adults
Comparative Functional Connectivity of Core Brain Regions between Implicit and Explicit Memory Tasks Underlying Negative Emotion in General Anxiety Disorder
Differences in working memory coding of biological motion attributed to oneself and others
Persistent olfactory dysfunction after COVID-19 is associated with reduced perfusion in the frontal lobe.
Neural and Cognitive Underpinnings of Counterintuitive Science and Math Reasoning in Adolescence.
Neural Mechanisms of Perceiving and Subsequently Recollecting Emotional Facial Expressions in Young and Older Adults.
Processing of linguistic deixis in people with schizophrenia, with and without auditory verbal hallucinations
White matter connectivity in neonates at risk of stuttering: Preliminary data.
White matter abnormalities in first-episode patients with depersonalization/derealization disorder: A tract-based spatial statistics study.
Sex differences in brain regional homogeneity during acute abstinence in cocaine use disorder
Abnormal spontaneous neural activity as a potential predictor of early treatment response in patients with obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Variability in Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging: The Effect of Body Mass, Blood Pressure, Hematocrit, and Glycated Hemoglobin on Hemodynamic and Neuronal Parameters
Cortical Thickness Abnormalities at Different Stages of the Illness Course in Schizophrenia
The orbitofrontal cortex represents advantageous choice in the Iowa gambling task
Diurnal variations of resting-state fMRI data: A graph-based analysis.
Characteristics of the Fractional Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuation in Ocular Hypertension Patients: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Local-to-Remote Brain Functional Connectivity in Patients with Thyroid-Associated Ophthalmopathy and Assessment of Its Predictive Value Using Machine Learning
Functional activation of insula and dorsal anterior cingulate for conflict control against larger monetary loss in young adults with subthreshold depression: a preliminary study
Differences in electric field strength between clinical and non-clinical populations induced by prefrontal tDCS: A cross-diagnostic, individual MRI-based modeling study
Combination therapy with exenatide decreases the dapagliflozin‐induced changes in brain responses to anticipation and consumption of palatable food in patients with type 2 diabetes: A randomized controlled trial
Structural Deficits in the Frontotemporal Network Associated With Psychopathic Traits in Violent Offenders With Schizophrenia
The Effect of the 5-HT4 Agonist, Prucalopride, on a Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Faces Task in the Healthy Human Brain
Effects of Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation on Cognitive Function in Patients With Stress-Related Depression: A Randomized Double-Blind fMRI and 1H-MRS Study
Improving Depressive Symptoms of Post-stroke Depression Using the Shugan Jieyu Capsule: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
The Association Between Precuneus Function and Residual Dizziness in Patients With Benign Paroxysmal Positional Vertigo
Associations of Polygenic Risk Score for Late-Onset Alzheimer's Disease With Biomarkers
Regional Homogeneity in Patients With Mild Cognitive Impairment: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Brain Structural Correlates of Dispositional Insight and the Mediation Role of Neuroticism in Young Adults
Functional Connectivity Underlying Symptoms in Preschool Boys With Autism: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Abnormal Large-Scale Neuronal Network in High Myopia
Effects of Sub-threshold Transcutaneous Auricular Vagus Nerve Stimulation on Cingulate Cortex and Insula Resting-state Functional Connectivity
Hyper-Adaptation in the Human Brain: Functional and Structural Changes in the Foot Section of the Primary Motor Cortex in a Top Wheelchair Racing Paralympian
Relationship between blood amyloid A and resting magnetic resonance functional brain connections in patients with obstructive sleep apnea–hypopnea syndrome
Age-related differences in ventral striatal and default mode network function during reciprocated trust
Altered hippocampal volume and functional connectivity in patients with Cushing's disease
Conflict- and error-related theta activities are coupled to BOLD signals in different brain regions.
Gustatory Cortex Is Involved in Evidence Accumulation during Food Choice
Brain responses to painful electrical stimuli and cognitive tasks interact in the precuneus, posterior cingulate cortex, and inferior parietal cortex and do not vary across the menstrual cycle
Training allows switching from limited-capacity manipulations to large-capacity perceptual processing
The Neural Mechanism of Long-Term Motor Training Affecting Athletes’ Decision-Making Function: An Activation Likelihood Estimation Meta-Analysis
Brain Gray Matter Alterations in Hepatic Encephalopathy: A Voxel-Based Meta-Analysis of Whole-Brain Studies
Functional Neural Alterations in Pathological Internet Use: A Meta-Analysis of Neuroimaging Studies
Tonic pain alters functional connectivity of the descending pain modulatory network involving amygdala, periaqueductal gray, parabrachial nucleus and anterior cingulate cortex✰
Functional activation features of memory in successful agers across the adult lifespan
Smoking related attention alteration in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease-smoking comorbidity
Shared and Unique Effects of Long-Term Administration of Methylphenidate and Atomoxetine on Degree Centrality in Medication-Naïve Children With Attention-Deficit/Hyperactive Disorder
A meta‐analytic investigation of grey matter differences in anorexia nervosa and autism spectrum disorder
Perceived social isolation is correlated with brain structure and cognitive trajectory in Alzheimer’s disease
Alteration of Cortical Volume and Thickness in Myalgic Encephalomyelitis/Chronic Fatigue Syndrome
Neural Response to Low Energy and High Energy Foods in Bulimia Nervosa and Binge Eating Disorder: A Functional MRI Study
Modulation of dorsolateral prefrontal cortex functional connectivity after intermittent theta-burst stimulation in depression: Combining findings from fNIRS and fMRI
Meta-analytic evidence for the cognitive control model of loneliness in emotion processing.
Hydrothermal synthesis and characterization of novel yellow pigments based on V5+ doped BiPO4 with high near-infrared reflectance†
Abnormal functional connectivity in the right dorsal anterior insula associated with cognitive dysfunction in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus
Evaluating Head Models for Cortical Source Localization of the Face-Sensitive N290 Component in Infants.
Neural mechanisms underlying the processing of emotional stimuli in individuals with depression: An ALE meta-analysis study.
Functional Gradient of the Fusiform Cortex for Chinese Character Recognition
Neural correlates of co-occurring pain and depression: an activation-likelihood estimation (ALE) meta-analysis and systematic review
Neural representation of phonological information during Chinese character reading
Greater Similarity Between L1 and L2’s Brain Network in Adults Than in Children
Activity in the Fronto-Parietal and Visual Cortex Is Modulated by Feature-Based Attentional Weighting
Altered Brain Function in First-Episode and Recurrent Depression: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Altered Coupling of Cerebral Blood Flow and Functional Connectivity Strength in First-Episode Schizophrenia Patients With Auditory Verbal Hallucinations
A Comparison of Single- and Multi-Echo Processing of Functional MRI Data During Overt Autobiographical Recall
Abnormal Functional Connectivity of Hippocampal Subdivisions in Obstructive Sleep Apnea: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Sex-Dependent Alterations of Regional Homogeneity in Cigarette Smokers
Effects of age and gender on neural correlates of emotion imagery
Emotional faces processing in major depressive disorder and prediction of antidepressant treatment response: A NeuroPharm study.
Loneliness inside of the brain: evidence from a large dataset of resting-state fMRI in young adult
Static magnetic field stimulation over motor cortex modulates resting functional connectivity in humans
Accumulation System: Distributed Neural Substrates of Perceptual Decision Making Revealed by fMRI Deconvolution
What Happened When? Cerebral Processing of Modified Structure and Content in Episodic Cueing.
Brain connectivity modulation by Bayesian surprise in relation to control demand drives cognitive flexibility via control engagement.
Neural Patterns in Parietal Cortex and Hippocampus Distinguish Retrieval of Start versus End Positions in Working Memory.
Functional Connectivity Features of Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging May Distinguish Migraine From Tension-Type Headache
An Activation Likelihood Estimation Meta-Analysis of Specific Functional Alterations in Dorsal Attention Network in Mild Cognitive Impairment
Imaging Insights of Isolated Idiopathic Dystonia: Voxel-Based Morphometry and Activation Likelihood Estimation Studies
Conditioned pain modulation is associated with heightened connectivity between the periaqueductal grey and cortical regions
Aberrant static and dynamic functional network connectivity in heart failure with preserved ejection fraction
Executive functioning moderates neural mechanisms of irritability during reward processing in youth.
Abnormal Dorsal Caudate Activation Mediated Impaired Cognitive Flexibility in Mild Traumatic Brain Injury
Contribution of the sensorimotor beta oscillations and the cortico-basal ganglia-thalamic circuitry during value-based decision making: A simultaneous EEG-fMRI investigation.
Language systems from lesion-symptom mapping in aphasia: A meta-analysis of voxel-based lesion mapping studies
Spatial and chronic differences in neural activity in medicated and unmedicated schizophrenia patients
Action and emotion perception in Parkinson’s disease: A neuroimaging meta-analysis
An examination of Intolerance of Uncertainty and contingency instruction on multiple indices during threat acquisition and extinction training.
Probiotic Mixture Containing Lactobacillus helveticus, Bifidobacterium longum and Lactiplantibacillus plantarum Affects Brain Responses Toward an Emotional Task in Healthy Subjects: A Randomized Clinical Trial
The Effect of Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation of Cerebellar Swallowing Cortex on Brain Neural Activities: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Characterizing Differences in Functional Connectivity Between Posterior Cortical Atrophy and Semantic Dementia by Seed-Based Approach
Structural and Functional Trajectories of Middle Temporal Gyrus Sub-Regions During Life Span: A Potential Biomarker of Brain Development and Aging
Not the Master of Your Volitional Mind? The Roles of the Right Medial Prefrontal Cortex and Personality Traits in Unconscious Introjections Versus Self-Chosen Goals
Toward Precise Localization of Abnormal Brain Activity: 1D CNN on Single Voxel fMRI Time-Series
Regional Neural Activity Abnormalities and Whole-Brain Functional Connectivity Reorganization in Bulimia Nervosa: Evidence From Resting-State fMRI
Open Eyes Increase Neural Oscillation and Enhance Effective Brain Connectivity of the Default Mode Network: Resting-State Electroencephalogram Research
Age-related differences in problem-solving skills: Reduced benefit of sleep for memory trace consolidation.
Investigation of structural brain changes in Charles Bonnet Syndrome
Locus Coeruleus Integrity from 7 T MRI Relates to Apathy and Cognition in Parkinsonian Disorders
Complex tools and motor-to-mechanical transformations
Irregular Baseline Brain Activity in Coronary Artery Disease Patients with Cognitive Impairment: A Resting-state Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Brain Functional Networks Involved in Different Premise Order in Conditional Reasoning: A Dynamic Causal Model Study.
Ketamine increases fronto-posterior functional connectivity during meta-perceptual confidence ratings.
Association between somatosensory sensitivity and regional gray matter volume in healthy young volunteers: a voxel-based morphometry study
Characterising the unity and diversity of executive functions in a within-subject fMRI study
The contribution of integrated 3D model analysis to Protoaurignacian stone tool design
Brain Functional Alteration at Different Stages of Neuropathic Pain With Allodynia and Emotional Disorders
Structural and Functional Characterization of Gray Matter Alterations in Female Patients With Neuropsychiatric Systemic Lupus
Neural Responses of Acupuncture for Treating Functional Dyspepsia: An fMRI Study
Altered Spontaneous Brain Activity in Betel Quid Dependence Chewers: A Resting-State Functional MRI Study With Percent Amplitude of Fluctuation
Neural correlates of attachment in adolescents with trauma: a preliminary study on frustrative non-reward
Neural Effects of Cognitive Behavioral Therapy in Psychiatric Disorders: A Systematic Review and Activation Likelihood Estimation Meta-Analysis
Diffusion MRI–guided theta burst stimulation enhances memory and functional connectivity along the inferior longitudinal fasciculus in mild cognitive impairment
Brain atrophy in prodromal synucleinopathy is shaped by structural connectivity and gene expression.
Structural brain imaging abnormalities correlate with positive symptom in schizophrenia.
Neural Activation in the Ventromedial Prefrontal Cortex Precedes Conscious Experience of Being in or out of a Transient Hallucinatory State
Voxel-based analysis of the metabolic asymmetrical and network patterns in hypermetabolism-associated crossed cerebellar diaschisis
Graph theory network analysis provides brain MRI evidence of a partial continuum of neurodegeneration in patients with UMN-predominant ALS and ALS-FTD
Resting-state functional connectivity correlates of anxiety co-morbidity in major depressive disorder.
Neural Correlates of Multisensory Integration for Feedback Stabilization of the Wrist
Neurophysiological Effects of the Anterior Cingulate Cortex on the Exacerbation of Crohn’s Disease: A Combined fMRI-MRS Study
Reliability and Validity of Power Spectrum Slope (PSS): A Metric for Measuring Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Activity of Single Voxels
Effects of Chronic Hypoxic Environment on Cognitive Function and Neuroimaging Measures in a High-Altitude Population
Beneficial Effect of High-Frequency Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation for the Verbal Memory and Default Mode Network in Healthy Older Adults
Altered Spontaneous Brain Activity in Patients With Diabetic Osteoporosis Using Regional Homogeneity: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Integrating Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease Treatment With 8-Week Tai Chi Chuan Practice: An Exploration of Mind-Body Intervention and Neural Mechanism
A Diffusion Tensor Imaging Study on the White Matter Structures Related to the Phonology in Cantonese–Mandarin Bilinguals
Assessing executive functions in post-stroke aphasia—utility of verbally based tests
Migraine monoclonal antibodies against CGRP change brain activity depending on ligand or receptor target – an fMRI study
Geometric distortion assessment in 3T MR images used for treatment planning in cranial Stereotactic Radiosurgery and Radiotherapy
The functional connectivity predictor of therapeutic effect of continuous theta burst stimulation on obsessive-compulsive disorder: A preliminary study.
The neural mediators of moral attitudes and behaviors.
Functional neuroanatomy of English word reading in early bilingual and monolingual adults
18F-FDG PET, cognitive functioning, and CSF biomarkers in patients with obstructive sleep apnoea before and after continuous positive airway pressure treatment
Feature and decision-level fusion for schizophrenia detection based on resting-state fMRI data
Abnormal interhemispheric and intrahemispheric functional connectivity dynamics in drug‐naïve first‐episode schizophrenia patients with auditory verbal hallucinations
Did It Change Your Mind? Neural Substrates of Purchase Intention Change and Product Information
Altered Variability and Concordance of Dynamic Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Indices in Patients With Major Depressive Disorder and Childhood Trauma
Alterations of Static and Dynamic Functional Connectivity of the Nucleus Accumbens in Patients With Major Depressive Disorder
Brain Activity in Age-Related Macular Degeneration Patients From the Perspective of Regional Homogeneity: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Fatigue Across the Lifespan in Men and Women: State vs. Trait
Alterations of Resting-State Locus Coeruleus Functional Connectivity After Transdermal Trigeminal Electrical Neuromodulation in Insomnia
Efficacy and Mechanism of Moxibustion Treatment on Mild Cognitive Impairment Patients: An fMRI Study Using ALFF
Learning under social versus nonsocial uncertainty: A meta‐analytic approach
Statistical Nonparametric fMRI Maps in the Analysis of Response Inhibition in Abstinent Individuals with History of Alcohol Use Disorder
Differentiating Individuals with and without Alcohol Use Disorder Using Resting-State fMRI Functional Connectivity of Reward Network, Neuropsychological Performance, and Impulsivity Measures
The Effects of Working Memory Capacity in Metaphor and Metonymy Comprehension in Mandarin–English Bilinguals’ Minds: An fMRI Study
Processing of an Audiobook in the Human Brain Is Shaped by Cultural Family Background
Resting-State Neural-Activity Alterations in Subacute Aphasia after Stroke
Regional Cerebral Blood Flow Correlates of Neuropsychiatric Symptom Domains in Early Alzheimer’s Disease
Resting-State Functional Connectivity Differences in College Students with and without Food Insecurity
Altered Spontaneous Brain Activity Patterns of Meibomian Gland Dysfunction in Severely Obese Population Measured Using the Fractional Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuations
Neonatal Pain, Opioid, and Anesthetic Exposure; What Remains in the Human Brain After the Wheels of Time?
Brain mapping of emotional prosody in patients with drug-resistant temporal epilepsy: An indicator of plasticity.
An fMRI study of cognitive regulation of reward processing in generalized anxiety disorder (GAD).
Blunted neuroeconomic loss aversion in schizophrenia.
The effect of learning to drum on behavior and brain function in autistic adolescents
Context-dependent amygdala–prefrontal connectivity during the dot-probe task varies by irritability and attention bias to angry faces
State or trait: the neurobiology of anorexia nervosa — contributions of a functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Hypogyrification in Generalized Anxiety Disorder and Associated with Insomnia Symptoms
Common and distinct neural bases of multiple positive emotion regulation strategies: A functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Cross-dimensional interference between time and distance during spatial navigation is mediated by speed representations in intraparietal sulcus and area hMT.
Neural encoding of food and monetary reward delivery.
Spanish Society of Thoracic Surgery (SECT) consensus document. Long-term follow-up for operated patients with lung cancer.
Brain Gray Matter Atrophy and Functional Connectivity Remodeling in Patients With Chronic LHON
Social Interaction With an Anonymous Opponent Requires Increased Involvement of the Theory of Mind Neural System: An fMRI Study
Altered Brain Connectivity Patterns of Individual Differences in Insightful Problem Solving
The Spatiotemporal Neural Dynamics of Intersensory Attention Capture of Salient Stimuli: A Large-Scale Auditory-Visual Modeling Study
Changes in a sensorimotor network, occipital network, and psychomotor speed within three months after focal surgical injury in pediatric patients with intracranial space-occupying lesions
Correlations Between Structural Brain Abnormalities, Cognition and Electroclinical Characteristics in Patients With Juvenile Myoclonic Epilepsy
Decreased Efficiency of Between-Network Dynamics During Early Memory Consolidation With Aging
High-Density Electroencephalography-Informed Multiband Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Reveals Rhythm-Specific Activations Within the Trigeminal Nociceptive Network
The effect of coupled inhibitory-facilitatory repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on shaping early reorganization of the motor network after stroke.
Mercury levels in hair are associated with reduced neurobehavioral performance and altered brain structures in young adults
Neural signatures of individual variability in context-dependent perception of ambiguous facial expression.
Dissociating executive function and ADHD influences on reading ability in children with dyslexia.
The role of the anterior temporal cortex in action: evidence from fMRI multivariate searchlight analysis during real object grasping
Default Mode Network quantitative diffusion and resting‐state functional magnetic resonance imaging correlates in sporadic Creutzfeldt‐Jakob disease
Within-individual BOLD signal variability in the N-back task and its associations with vigilance and working memory.
Altered thalamic subregion functional networks in patients with treatment-resistant schizophrenia
Changes in the amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations in specific frequency bands in major depressive disorder after electroconvulsive therapy
Brain Function and Upper Limb Deficit in Stroke With Motor Execution and Imagery: A Cross-Sectional Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Concurrent Structural and Functional Patterns in Patients With Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment
The Predictive Values of Changes in Local and Remote Brain Functional Connectivity in Primary Angle-Closure Glaucoma Patients According to Support Vector Machine Analysis
Brain Functional Alterations in Prepubertal Boys With Autism Spectrum Disorders
Altered Intrinsic Regional Spontaneous Brain Activity in Patients With Severe Obesity and Meibomian Gland Dysfunction: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Midcingulate Cortical Activations Interrelate Chronic Craving and Physiological Responses to Negative Emotions in Cocaine Addiction
Disrupted Causal Connectivity Anchored on the Right Anterior Insula in Drug-Naive First-Episode Patients With Depressive Disorder
Neural Correlates of Reactive Aggression in Adult Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder
Convergent regional brain abnormalities in behavioral variant frontotemporal dementia: A neuroimaging meta‐analysis of 73 studies
Personal socio‐cultural preferences modulate neural correlates of decisions to socialize with powerful persons
Early alterations in cortical morphology after neoadjuvant chemotherapy in breast cancer patients: A longitudinal magnetic resonance imaging study
Frontopolar activity carries feature information of novel stimuli during unconscious reweighting of selective attention.
Testing the distributed representation hypothesis in object recognition in two open datasets.
Reduced nucleus accumbens functional connectivity in reward network and default mode network in patients with recurrent major depressive disorder
Participation of visual association areas in social processing emerges when rTPJ is inhibited
A resting-state fMRI study of temporal lobe epilepsy using multivariate pattern analysis and Granger causality analysis.
The neural substrates of sex differences in balanced time perspective: A unique role for the precuneus.
Electrocortical measures of win and loss processing are associated with mesocorticolimbic functional connectivity: A combined ERP and rs‐fMRI study
Self-referential processing in individuals with nonsuicidal self-injury: An fMRI study
Spatio-temporal brain dynamics of self-identity: an EEG source analysis of the current and past self
Neuroanatomical correlates of working memory performance in Neurofibromatosis 1
Metacognition and the effect of incentive motivation in two compulsive disorders: Gambling disorder and obsessive–compulsive disorder
The lexical categorization model: A computational model of left ventral occipito-temporal cortex activation in visual word recognition
Behavioral and neural responses during fear conditioning and extinction in a large transdiagnostic sample
White matter microstructure and the clinical risk for psychosis: A diffusion tensor imaging study of individuals with basic symptoms and at ultra-high risk
Cerebellar Structure and Cognitive Ability in Psychosis.
Brain Activity in Different Brain Areas of Patients With Dry Eye During the Female Climacteric Period According to Voxel-Based Morphometry
Neural correlates of acute post-traumatic dissociation: a functional neuroimaging script-driven imagery study
Multimodal classification of extremely preterm and term adolescents using the fusiform gyrus: A machine learning approach
An exploratory study of resting-state functional connectivity of amygdala subregions in posttraumatic stress disorder following trauma in adulthood
Alterations in degree centrality and cognitive function in breast cancer patients after chemotherapy.
Disrupted functional connectivity of the primary auditory cortex in autism.
Local inefficiency of the default mode network in young men with narcissistic personality disorder.
Shared Transdiagnostic Neuroanatomical Signatures Across First-episode Patients with Major Psychiatric Diseases and Individuals at Familial Risk
Clinical and biological subtypes of late-life depression.
Altered Structural and Functional Patterns Within Executive Control Network Distinguish Frontal Glioma-Related Epilepsy
Amygdalar Functional Connectivity Differences Associated With Reduced Pain Intensity in Pediatric Peripheral Neuropathic Pain
Aberrant Spontaneous Brain Activity in Coronary Heart Disease Using Fractional Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuations: A Preliminary Resting-State Functional MRI Study
Differential Abnormality in Functional Connectivity Density in Preclinical and Early-Stage Alzheimer's Disease
Age-Related Differences in the Neural Processing of Idioms: A Positive Perspective
Reorganized Brain Functional Network Topology in Presbycusis
Abnormal Fractional Amplitude of Low Frequency Fluctuation Changes in Patients With Dry Eye Disease: A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Decreased Connectivity in Precuneus of the Ventral Attentional Network in First-Episode, Treatment-Naïve Patients With Major Depressive Disorder: A Network Homogeneity and Independent Component Analysis
Pain, But Not Physical Activity, Is Associated with Gray Matter Volume Differences in Gulf War Veterans with Chronic Pain.
Distinct neural responses of morningness and eveningness chronotype to homeostatic sleep pressure revealed by resting‐state functional magnetic resonance imaging
An ecological approach to identify distinct neural correlates of disinhibition in frontotemporal dementia
Youth with Down syndrome display widespread increased functional connectivity during rest
Selective visuoconstructional impairment following mild COVID-19 with inflammatory and neuroimaging correlation findings
Striatal Dopaminergic Depletion Pattern Reflects Pathological Brain Perfusion Changes in Lewy Body Diseases
Distributed Neural Systems Support Flexible Attention Updating during Category Learning.
Changes in working memory brain activity and task-based connectivity after long-duration spaceflight.
Brain Responses to Peer Feedback in Social Media Are Modulated by Valence in Late Adolescence
Contrasting Associations Between Heart Rate Variability and Brainstem-Limbic Connectivity in Posttraumatic Stress Disorder and Its Dissociative Subtype: A Pilot Study
Diagnosis of Amnesic Mild Cognitive Impairment Using MGS-WBC and VGBN-LM Algorithms
Functional alterations in large-scale resting-state networks of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis: A multi-site study across Canada and the United States
Identifying connectivity for two sympatric carnivores in human-dominated landscapes in central Iran
Multimodal data fusion of cortical-subcortical morphology and functional network connectivity in psychotic spectrum disorder
Functional network and structural connections involved in picture naming.
Insulin-like growth factor in Parkinson's disease is related to nonmotor symptoms and the volume of specific brain areas.
Neurochemical profiles of the anterior temporal lobe predict response of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on semantic processing.
Altered resting state dynamic functional connectivity of amygdala subregions in patients with autism spectrum disorder: A multi-site fMRI study.
Resting-state functional connectivity and socioemotional processes in male perpetrators of intimate partner violence against women
Evidence for non-selective response inhibition in uncertain contexts revealed by combined meta-analysis and Bayesian analysis of fMRI data
Abnormal Insular Dynamic Functional Connectivity and Its Relation to Social Dysfunctioning in Children With Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder
Training-Specific Changes in Regional Spontaneous Neural Activity Among Professional Chinese Chess Players
Enhancing Brain Connectivity With Infra-Low Frequency Neurofeedback During Aging: A Pilot Study
Common and Distinct Neural Patterns of Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder and Borderline Personality Disorder: A Multimodal Functional and Structural Meta-analysis.
Neuroergonomic assessment of developmental coordination disorder
Shared and distinct voxel-based lesion-symptom mappings for spasticity and impaired movement in the hemiparetic upper limb
The role of the ventrolateral anterior temporal lobes in social cognition
7. Acute Tai Chi Chuan exercise enhances sustained attention and elicits increased cuneus/precuneus activation in young adults.
Role of right temporoparietal junction for counterfactual evaluation of partner’s decision in ultimatum game
Emotional Word Processing in Patients With Juvenile Myoclonic Epilepsy
Altered Effective Connectivity of Resting-State Networks by Tai Chi Chuan in Chronic Fatigue Syndrome Patients: A Multivariate Granger Causality Study
Effects of Bilateral Subthalamic Nucleus Stimulation on Depressive Symptoms and Cerebral Glucose Metabolism in Parkinson's Disease: A 18F-Fluorodeoxyglucose Positron Emission Tomography/Computerized Tomography Study
Visual Attention and Poor Sleep Quality
Altered Brain Activity in Strabismic Amblyopic Children as Determined by Regional Homogeneity: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Increased Resting-State Functional Connectivity of the Hippocampus in Rats With Sepsis-Associated Encephalopathy
Altered Default Mode Network Functional Connectivity in Parkinson’s Disease: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Treatment Enhances Betweenness Centrality of Fronto-Parietal Network in Parkinson’s Patients
Tract-Based Spatial Statistics Analysis of Diffusion Tensor Imaging in Older Adults After the PICMOR Intervention Program: A Pilot Study
Ventral Attention Network Correlates With High Traits of Emotion Dysregulation in Community Women — A Resting-State EEG Study
Frequent and Recent Non-fatal Strangulation/Choking During Sex and Its Association With fMRI Activation During Working Memory Tasks
Abnormal Reginal Homogeneity in Left Anterior Cingulum Cortex and Precentral Gyrus as a Potential Neuroimaging Biomarker for First-Episode Major Depressive Disorder
Correlation Between the Functional Connectivity of Basal Forebrain Subregions and Vigilance Dysfunction in Temporal Lobe Epilepsy With and Without Focal to Bilateral Tonic-Clonic Seizure
Reward enhances connectivity between the ventral striatum and the default mode network
Altered resting‐state functional connectivity of the anterior cingulate cortex in rats post noise exposure
The neural signatures of psychoses in Alzheimer’s disease: a neuroimaging genetics approach
Cerebellar and cortico-striatal-midbrain contributions to reward-cognition processes and apathy within the psychosis continuum.
Aberrant stability of brain functional architecture in cirrhotic patients with minimal hepatic encephalopathy.
Right temporal degeneration and socioemotional semantics: semantic behavioural variant frontotemporal dementia.
Action goals and the praxis network: an fMRI study
Longitudinal Trimodal Imaging of Midbrain-Associated Network Degeneration in Parkinson's Disease
Parcellation‐based tractographic modeling of the salience network through meta‐analysis
More than the sum of its parts: Merging network psychometrics and network neuroscience with application in autism
Weight Status Modulated Brain Regional Homogeneity in Long-Term Male Smokers
Gray Matter Volume Abnormality in Chronic Pain Patients With Depressive Symptoms: A Systemic Review and Meta-Analysis of Voxel-Based Morphometry Studies
Gray Matter Structural and Functional Alterations in Idiopathic Blepharospasm: A Multimodal Meta-Analysis of VBM and Functional Neuroimaging Studies
Neural substrates of brand equity: applying a quantitative meta-analytical method for neuroimage studies
Changes of Brain Structures and Psychological Characteristics in Predatory, Affective Violent and Nonviolent Offenders
Auditory perception of ambiguous and non-ambiguous sound in early and late blind children: A functional connectivity study.
Thalamic-insomnia phenotype in E200K Creutzfeldt–Jakob disease: A PET/MRI study
Morphological brain changes between active and inactive phases of thyroid-associated ophthalmopathy: A voxel-based morphometry study.
Neural activities during the Processing of unattended and unseen emotional faces: a voxel-wise Meta-analysis
Microstates imbalance is associated with a functional dysregulation of the resting-state networks in obsessive-compulsive disorder: a high-density electrical neuroimaging study using the TESS method.
Impaired Arithmetic Fact Retrieval in an Adult with Developmental Dyscalculia: Evidence from Behavioral and Functional Brain Imaging Data
Language processing in Internet use disorder: Task-based fMRI study
Altered spontaneous brain activity in major depressive disorder: An activation likelihood estimation meta-analysis.
Effective connectivity reveals distinctive patterns in response to others' genuine affective experience of disgust.
Attention to the other’s body sensations modulates the ventromedial prefrontal cortex
Functional connectivity correlates of reduced goal-directed behaviors in behavioural variant frontotemporal dementia
Facial emotion perception abilities are related to grey matter volume in the culmen of cerebellum anterior lobe in drug-naïve patients with first-episode schizophrenia.
Correlation between cognitive deficits and dorsolateral prefrontal cortex functional connectivity in first-episode depression.
Similarity-based fMRI-MEG fusion reveals hierarchical organisation within the brain's semantic system.
Regional hypothalamic, amygdala, and midbrain periaqueductal gray matter recruitment during acute pain in awake humans: A 7-Tesla functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Aberrant functional connectivity within the salience network is related to cognitive deficits and disorganization in psychosis.
Cognitive control inhibition networks in adulthood are impaired by early iron deficiency in infancy
Genotypic effects of APOE-ε4 on resting-state connectivity in cognitively intact individuals support functional brain compensation
Resting-state functional connectivity patterns associated with childhood maltreatment in a large bicentric cohort of adults with and without major depression
Perfusion Imaging of Fatigue and Time-on-Task Effects in Patients With Parkinson’s Disease
Testosterone administration does not alter the brain activity supporting cognitive and affective empathy
Attachment Security Priming Delayed Negative Information-Related Attentional Disengagement Among Anxiously Attached Individuals: Evidence From Behavioral and Functional MRI Experiments
Emotional Intelligence Not Only Can Make Us Feel Negative, but Can Provide Cognitive Resources to Regulate It Effectively: An fMRI Study
Neural Correlates of Facial Emotion Recognition in Non-help-seeking University Students With Ultra-High Risk for Psychosis
Brain correlates of impaired goal management in bipolar mania
Multimodal speech-gesture training in patients with schizophrenia spectrum disorder: Effects on quality of life and neural processing.
Cognitive reserve, neurocognitive performance, and high-order resting-state networks in cognitively unimpaired aging.
Trajectory of aberrant reward processing in patients with bipolar disorder - A longitudinal fMRI study.
Gender Differences in Hippocampal/Parahippocampal Functional Connectivity Network in Patients Diagnosed with Chronic Insomnia Disorder
Inhibitory framing in hypersexual patients with Parkinson’s disease. An fMRI pilot study
Electroconvulsive therapy effects on anhedonia and reward circuitry anatomy: A dimensional structural neuroimaging approach.
Is genetic risk of ADHD mediated via dopaminergic mechanism? A study of functional connectivity in ADHD and pharmacologically challenged healthy volunteers with a genetic risk profile
Stronger brain activation for own baby but similar activation toward babies of own and different ethnicities in parents living in a multicultural environment
The Role of Brain Activity in Characterizing Successful Reading Intervention in Children With Dyslexia
Prefrontal-amygdala emotion regulation and depression in multiple sclerosis
Abnormal functional connectivities patterns of multidomain cognitive impairments in pontine stroke patients
Structural connectome-based prediction of trait anxiety.
Cortico-cerebellar audio-motor regions coordinate self and other in musical joint action
Efforts for the Correct Comprehension of Deceitful and Ironic Communicative Intentions in Schizophrenia: A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study on the Role of the Left Middle Temporal Gyrus
Selective neural coding of object, feature, and geometry spatial cues in humans
Effects of gonadal steroids on reward circuitry function and anhedonia in women with a history of postpartum depression.
Resting-state functional connectivity of salience network in schizophrenia and depression
fMRI form adaptation and size repetition enhancement in different subdivisions of the lateral occipital complex.
Neural correlates of working memory and compensation at different stages of cognitive impairment in Parkinson’s disease
How the brain encodes morphological constraints during Chinese word reading: An EEG-fNIRS study.
Effect of behavioural practice targeted at the motor action selection network after stroke
A Resting State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study of Unmedicated Adolescents With Non-suicidal Self-Injury Behaviors: Evidence From the Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuation and Regional Homogeneity Indicator
The Bilateral Precuneus as a Potential Neuroimaging Biomarker for Right Temporal Lobe Epilepsy: A Support Vector Machine Analysis
Linking Plasma Amyloid Beta and Neurofilament Light Chain to Intracortical Myelin Content in Cognitively Normal Older Adults
Comparison of Hemodynamic Brain Responses Between Big Wave Surfers and Non-big Wave Surfers During Affective Image Presentation
Structural brain differences between ultra-endurance athletes and sedentary persons
Neural Representation of Articulable and Inarticulable Novel Sound Contrasts: The Role of the Dorsal Stream
Altered Regional Brain Glucose Metabolism in Diffuse Large B-Cell Lymphoma Patients Treated With Cyclophosphamide, Epirubicin, Vincristine, and Prednisone: An Fluorodeoxyglucose Positron Emission Tomography Study of 205 Cases
Brain Structural and Functional Dissociated Patterns in Degenerative Cervical Myelopathy: A Case-Controlled Retrospective Resting-State fMRI Study
Strike or ball? Batters know it better: an fMRI study of action anticipation in baseball players.
Mapping caudal inferior parietal cortex supports the hypothesis about a modulating cortical area.
Differential effects of prediction error and adaptation along the auditory cortical hierarchy during deviance processing.
Altered morphological traits along central olfactory centres in congenitally blind subjects.
Neural Correlates Underlying Social-Cue-Induced Value Change
Changes in Internalizing Symptoms During the COVID-19 Pandemic in a Transdiagnostic Sample of Youth: Exploring Mediators and Predictors
Effective cerebello–cerebral connectivity during implicit and explicit social belief sequence learning using dynamic causal modeling
Time-varying connectivity of the precuneus and its association with cognition and depressive symptoms in neuromyelitis optica: A pilot MRI study
The unexplored link between aesthetic perception and creativity: A theory-driven meta-analysis of fMRI studies in the visual domain.
Longitudinal changes in auditory and reward systems following receptive music-based intervention in older adults
Neural Mechanisms Underlying the Effects of Novel Sounds on Task Performance in Children With and Without ADHD
Linking Salience Signaling With Early Adversity and Affective Distress in Individuals at Clinical High Risk for Psychosis: Results From an Event-Related fMRI Study
fMRI Findings in Cortical Brain Networks Interactions in Migraine Following Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation
They Saw a Debate: Political Polarization Is Associated with Greater Multivariate Neural Synchrony When Viewing the Opposing Candidate Speak.
Emotion processing in depression with and without comorbid anxiety disorder.
Altered dynamic amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations in patients with postpartum depression.
Central correlates of placebo effects in nausea differ between men and women
The effect of long-term methadone maintenance treatment on coupling among three large-scale brain networks in male heroin-dependent individuals: A resting-state fMRI study.
Resting-state neural signal variability in women with depressive disorders.
Altered resting-state functional connectivity of medial frontal cortex in overweight individuals: Link to food-specific intentional inhibition and weight gain.
Brain Responses to Food Choices and Decisions Depend on Individual Hedonic Profiles and Eating Habits in Healthy Young Women
Altered Long- and Short-Range Functional Connectivity Density in Patients With Thyroid-Associated Ophthalmopathy: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Altered Intrinsic Brain Activity in Patients With Toothache Using the Percent Amplitude of a Fluctuation Method: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Acoustic Stimuli Can Improve and Impair Somatosensory Perception
Multiple-Network Alterations in Major Depressive Disorder With Gastrointestinal Symptoms at Rest Revealed by Global Functional Connectivity Analysis
Age-Related Differences in Amygdala Activation Associated With Face Trustworthiness but No Evidence of Oxytocin Modulation
Effects of Exercise on Neural Changes in Inhibitory Control: An ALE Meta-Analysis of fMRI Studies
Phonological Working Memory Representations in the Left Inferior Parietal Lobe in the Face of Distraction and Neural Stimulation
Meta-Analysis of Structural and Functional Brain Abnormalities in Cocaine Addiction
Altered Regional Homogeneity in Patients With Congenital Blindness: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Regional homogeneity of adolescents with high‐functioning autism spectrum disorder and its association with symptom severity
Abnormal Degree Centrality in Children with Low-Function Autism Spectrum Disorders: A Sleeping-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Childhood trauma is associated with social anhedonia and brain gray matter volume differences in healthy subjects.
Reduced functional connectivity supports statistical learning of temporally distributed regularities.
An ALE meta-analytic review of musical expertise
Beauty affects fairness: facial attractiveness alters neural responses to unfairness in the ultimatum game.
Impairments in the Default Mode and Executive Networks in Methamphetamine Users During Short-Term Abstinence
Identification of the shared gene signatures and pathways between polycystic ovary syndrome and endometrial cancer: An omics data based combined approach
Neural Dysconnectivity in the Hippocampus Correlates With White Matter Lesions and Cognitive Measures in Patients With Coronary Artery Disease
Morphological Changes of Frontal Areas in Male Individuals With HIV: A Deformation-Based Morphometry Analysis
Effects of Acupuncture at Neiguan in Neural Activity of Related Brain Regions: A Resting-State fMRI Study in Anxiety
Brain Activation During Processing of Depression Emotion in College Students With Premenstrual Syndrome in China: Preliminary Findings
Alteration of Degree Centrality in Adolescents With Early Blindness
Altered Functional Network Connectivity of Precuneus and Executive Control Networks in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Without Cognitive Impairment
Enhanced Visual Cortex Activation in People With Narcolepsy Type 1 During Active Sleep Resistance: An fMRI-EEG Study
Typical resting-state activity of the brain requires visual input during an early sensitive period
The Enhanced Interhemispheric Functional Connectivity in the Striatum Is Related to the Cognitive Impairment in Individuals With White Matter Hyperintensities
Disruption of Cerebellar–Cerebral Functional Connectivity in Temporal Lobe Epilepsy and the Connection to Language and Cognitive Functions
The Degree Centrality and Functional Connectivity in Patients With Temporal Lobe Epilepsy Presenting as Ictal Panic: A Resting State fMRI Study
Clarifying the synergistic effects of emotion dysregulation and inhibitory control on physical aggression
Action planning modulates the representation of object features in human fronto‐parietal and occipital cortex
Distinct stress-related changes in intrinsic amygdala connectivity predict subsequent positive and negative memory performance.
Shared and distinct structure-function substrates of heterogenous distractor suppression ability between high and low working memory capacity individuals.
Detecting abnormal connectivity in schizophrenia via a joint directed acyclic graph estimation model.
Abnormal Voxel-Based Degree Centrality in Patients With Postpartum Depression: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Structural and Functional Brain Changes in Patients With Classic Trigeminal Neuralgia: A Combination of Voxel-Based Morphometry and Resting-State Functional MRI Study
Vortioxetine Modulates the Regional Signal in First-Episode Drug-Free Major Depressive Disorder at Rest
Improved Regional Homogeneity in Chronic Insomnia Disorder After Amygdala-Based Real-Time fMRI Neurofeedback Training
Effectiveness and functional magnetic resonance imaging outcomes of Tuina therapy in patients with post-stroke depression: A randomized controlled trial
Immediate Modulation of Transcutaneous Auricular Vagus Nerve Stimulation in Patients With Treatment-Resistant Depression: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Intrinsic network changes associated with cognitive impairment in patients with hearing loss and tinnitus: a resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Abnormal Dynamics of Functional Connectivity Density Associated With Chronic Neck Pain
The Achievement Motive in the Brain: BOLD Responses to Pictures of Challenging Activities Predicted by Implicit Versus Explicit Achievement Motives
Comparison of Sensory Observation and Somatosensory Stimulation in Mirror Neurons and the Sensorimotor Network: A Task-Based fMRI Study
Gray matter volume differences between early bilinguals and monolinguals: A study of children and adults
Distinct neural correlates of poor decoding and poor comprehension in children with reading disability.
Meta-analytic evidence that mindfulness training alters resting state default mode network connectivity
A Role for the Anterior Hippocampus in Autobiographical Memory Construction Regardless of Temporal Distance.
Neural correlates of risky decision making in Parkinson's disease patients with impulse control disorders.
Impact of stereotype threat on brain activity during memory tasks in older adults
Neural alterations of emotion processing in atypical trajectories of psychotic-like experiences
Convergent and divergent gray matter volume abnormalities in unaffected first-degree relatives and ultra-high risk individuals of schizophrenia
Brain microstructural alterations in the left precuneus mediate the association between KIBRA polymorphism and working memory in healthy adults: a diffusion kurtosis imaging study
Neural basis for anxiety and anxiety-related physiological responses during a driving situation: an fMRI study
Greed personality trait links to negative psychopathology and underlying neural substrates.
The structural changes of gray matter in Parkinson disease patients with mild cognitive impairments
Patterns of Gray and White Matter Volume Alterations in Patients With Post-Traumatic Anosmia: A Voxel-Based Morphometry Study
The influence of insulin on anticipation and consummatory reward to food intake: A functional imaging study on healthy normal weight and overweight subjects employing intranasal insulin delivery
Structural disconnectome mapping of cognitive function in poststroke patients
Sleep discrepancy is associated with alterations in the salience network in patients with insomnia disorder: An EEG-fMRI study
Face processing and efficient recognition of facial expressions are impaired following right but not left anteromedial temporal lobe resections: Behavioral and fMRI evidence.
Cognitive decline is associated with frequency-specific resting state functional changes in normal aging.
Reduction of Interhemispheric Homotopic Connectivity in Cognitive and Visual Information Processing Pathways in Patients With Thyroid-Associated Ophthalmopathy
Abnormalities in the Fractional Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuation and Functional Connectivity in Parkinson's Disease With Excessive Daytime Sleepiness
Amygdala abnormalities across disease stages in patients with sporadic amyotrophic lateral sclerosis
Mind your step: social cerebellum in interactive navigation
Notip: Non-parametric true discovery proportion control for brain imaging.
Unrestricted eye movements strengthen effective connectivity from hippocampal to oculomotor regions during scene construction.
Orbitofrontal Cortex Functional Connectivity-Based Classification for Chronic Insomnia Disorder Patients With Depression Symptoms
Abnormal Brain Structure Morphology in Early-Onset Schizophrenia
Functional MRI Correlates of Carbon Dioxide Chemosensing in Persons With Epilepsy
Gray Matter Abnormalities in Myotonic Dystrophy Type 1: A Voxel-Wise Meta-Analysis
Abnormal Cerebral Blood Flow and Volumetric Brain Morphometry in Patients With Obstructive Sleep Apnea
The Predictive Potential of Altered Voxel-Based Morphometry in Severely Obese Patients With Meibomian Gland Dysfunction
Neural Synchrony During Naturalistic Information Processing Is Associated With Aerobically Active Lifestyle and Cardiorespiratory Fitness in Cognitively Intact Older Adults
Better Executive Functions Are Associated With More Efficient Cognitive Pain Modulation in Older Adults: An fMRI Study
Pedunculopontine Nucleus Dysconnectivity Correlates With Gait Impairment in Parkinson’s Disease: An Exploratory Study
Different Neural Activities for Actions and Language within the Shared Brain Regions: Evidence from Action and Verb Generation
Aberrant brain dynamics in major depressive disorder with suicidal ideation.
Emotional salience but not valence impacts anterior cingulate cortex conflict processing
Local and Distributed fMRI Changes Induced by 40 Hz Gamma tACS of the Bilateral Dorsolateral Prefrontal Cortex: A Pilot Study
Neuroanatomical correlates of autism spectrum disorders: A meta-analysis of structural magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) studies.
The Neurobiological Basis of Love: A Meta-Analysis of Human Functional Neuroimaging Studies of Maternal and Passionate Love
Changes in the Brain Metabolism Associated with Central Post-Stroke Pain in Hemorrhagic Pontine Stroke: An 18F-FDG-PET Study of the Brain
A Short Functional Neuroimaging Assay Using Attachment Scenes to Recruit Neural Correlates of Social Cognition—A Replication Study
Cerebellar Differences after Rehabilitation in Children with Developmental Coordination Disorder
Altered Regional Activity and Network Homogeneity within the Fronto-Limbic Network at Rest in Medicine-Free Obsessive–Compulsive Disorder
Brain Metabolic Connectivity Patterns in Patients with Prolonged Disorder of Consciousness after Hypoxic-Ischemic Injury: A Preliminary Study
Propagation Structure of Intrinsic Brain Activity in Migraine without Aura
Relationship between Tactile Sensation, Motor Activity, and Differential Brain Activity in Young Individuals
Obliviate! Reviewing Neural Fundamentals of Intentional Forgetting from a Meta-Analytic Perspective
View Normalization of Object Size in the Right Parietal Cortex
Neurocognitive Mechanisms Underlying Internet/Smartphone Addiction: A Preliminary fMRI Study
Incidental physical pain reduces brain activities associated with affective social feedback and increases aggression
Individual cortisol response to acute stress influences neural processing of sexual cues
Alterations of Cerebral Blood Flow and Its Connectivity in Olfactory-Related Brain Regions of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Patients
Modulation of Brain Activity and Functional Connectivity by Acupuncture Combined With Donepezil on Mild-to-Moderate Alzheimer's Disease: A Neuroimaging Pilot Study
Sex differences in the relationship between age, performance, and BOLD signal variability during spatial context memory processing.
Knowing what you feel: Inferior frontal gyrus-based structural and functional neural patterns underpinning adaptive body awareness.
Altered brain activation during reward anticipation in bipolar disorder
Acute neural effects of fluoxetine on emotional regulation in depressed adolescents
Abnormal Dynamic Functional Connectivity of the Left Rostral Hippocampus in Predicting Antidepressant Efficacy in Major Depressive Disorder
Learning from Ingroup Experiences Changes Intergroup Impressions.
Aberrant brain connectivity is associated with childhood maltreatment in individuals with major depressive disorder.
Translingual neural stimulation affects resting‐state functional connectivity in mild‐moderate traumatic brain injury
Uncovering neural distinctions and commodities between two creativity subsets: A meta‐analysis of fMRI studies in divergent thinking and insight using activation likelihood estimation
Interindividual differences in interoception modulate behavior and brain responses in emotional inference.
Comparison between inferior frontal gyrus intrinsic connectivity network and verb-generation task fMRI network for presurgical language mapping in healthy controls and in glioma patients.
Identification and validation of a gray matter volume network in Alzheimer's disease.
Abnormal spontaneous neural activity in hippocampal–cortical system of patients with obsessive–compulsive disorder and its potential for diagnosis and prediction of early treatment response
Distended Seminal Vesicles Are Involved in Specific Cerebral Sexual Arousal: A Pilot Study Using Functional Brain Imaging in Young Healthy Men
Prediction of Facial Emotion Recognition Ability in Patients With First-Episode Schizophrenia Using Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuation-Based Support Vector Regression Model
Causal Structural Covariance Network Suggesting Structural Alterations Progression in Type 2 Diabetes Patients
Altered Temporal Dynamics of the Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuations in Comitant Exotropia Patients
Effects of the Prolong Life With Nine Turn Method (Yan Nian Jiu Zhuan) Qigong on Brain Functional Changes in Patients With Chronic Fatigue Syndrome in Terms of Fatigue and Quality of Life
Altered Brain Function Activity in Patients With Dysphagia After Cerebral Infarction: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Detection of Abnormal Spontaneous Brain Activity Patterns in Patients With Orbital Fractures Using Fractional Amplitude of Low Frequency Fluctuation
Convergent functional changes of the episodic memory impairment in mild cognitive impairment: An ALE meta-analysis
Sign‐tracking modulates reward‐related neural activation to reward cues, but not reward feedback
Task-independent acute effects of delta-9-tetrahydrocannabinol on human brain function and its relationship with cannabinoid receptor gene expression: A neuroimaging meta-regression analysis.
Transcranial direct current stimulation to modulate fMRI drug cue reactivity in methamphetamine users: A randomized clinical trial
Mindfulness meditation increases default mode, salience, and central executive network connectivity
Amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations in multiple-frequency bands in patients with intracranial tuberculosis: a prospective cross-sectional study
Distinct disease trajectories in frontotemporal dementia–motor neuron disease and behavioural variant frontotemporal dementia: A longitudinal study
Compensatory thalamocortical functional hyperconnectivity in type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Comorbid depressive symptoms can aggravate the functional changes of the pain matrix in patients with chronic back pain: A resting-state fMRI study
Chemotherapy-induced functional brain abnormality in colorectal cancer patients: a resting‐state functional magnetic resonance imaging study
The Atypical Effective Connectivity of Right Temporoparietal Junction in Autism Spectrum Disorder: A Multi-Site Study
Electroconvulsive therapy changes temporal dynamics of intrinsic brain activity in depressed patients.
The cumulative therapeutic effect of acupuncture in patients with migraine without aura: Evidence from dynamic alterations of intrinsic brain activity and effective connectivity
Aberrant Dynamic Functional Connectivity of Posterior Cingulate Cortex Subregions in Major Depressive Disorder With Suicidal Ideation
Altered resting-state functional connectivity of insula in children with primary nocturnal enuresis
Neighborhood Disadvantage Associated With Blunted Amygdala Reactivity to Predictable and Unpredictable Threat in a Community Sample of Youth
Enhanced positive emotional reactivity in frontotemporal dementia reflects left-lateralized atrophy in the temporal and frontal lobes.
Positive risk taking and neural sensitivity to risky decision making in adolescence
Orbitofrontal neural dissociation of healthy and unhealthy food reward sensitivity in normal-weight binge eaters.
Semantic network activation facilitates oral word reading in chronic aphasia.
Neural correlates of affective theory of mind in medication-free nonsuicidal self-injury: An fMRI study
Altered Brain Function in Treatment-Resistant and Non-treatment-resistant Depression Patients: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Abnormal regional signal in the left cerebellum as a potential neuroimaging biomarker of sudden sensorineural hearing loss
Functional near-infrared spectroscopy as a potential objective evaluation technique in neurocognitive disorders after traumatic brain injury
An individualized functional magnetic resonance imaging protocol to assess semantic congruency effects on episodic memory in an aging multilingual population
Neural activity during solo and choral reading: A functional magnetic resonance imaging study of overt continuous speech production in adults who stutter
Alterations in Spontaneous Neuronal Activity and Microvascular Density of the Optic Nerve Head in Active Thyroid-Associated Ophthalmopathy
Altered Regional Homogeneity in Patients With Diabetic Erectile Dysfunction: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Cerebral blood flow network differences correlated with cognitive impairment in mild traumatic brain injury
Intra and inter: Alterations in functional brain resting-state networks in patients with functional constipation
Reconfiguration of static and dynamic thalamo-cortical network functional connectivity of epileptic children with generalized tonic-clonic seizures
Numerical study on advective fog formation and its characteristic associated with cold water upwelling
Competition between Associations in Memory.
Neurovascular alterations in bipolar disorder: A review of perfusion weighted magnetic resonance imaging studies.
Causal Inference of Body Ownership in the Posterior Parietal Cortex
Functional Connectivity Disturbances of the Locus Coeruleus in Chronic Insomnia Disorder
Changes of regional cerebral blood flow after deep brain stimulation in cervical dystonia
Cerebellar engagement in the attachment behavioral system
Understanding the neurobiological basis of anhedonia in major depressive disorder — evidence for reduced neural activation during reward and loss processing
Avoid or seek light – a randomized crossover fMRI study investigating opposing treatment strategies for photophobia in migraine
Preliminary brain-behavioral neural correlates of anterior cruciate ligament injury risk landing biomechanics using a novel bilateral leg press neuroimaging paradigm
Cingulate cortex morphology impacts on neurofunctional activity and behavioral performance in interference tasks
Altered insular functional connectivity correlates to impaired vigilant attention after sleep deprivation: A resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Reconfiguration of Functional Dynamics in Cortico-Thalamo-Cerebellar Circuit in Schizophrenia Following High-Frequency Repeated Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation
Altered functional connectivity within default mode network after rupture of anterior communicating artery aneurysm
Cerebral gray matter volume changes in patients with anti-N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor encephalitis: A voxel-based morphometry study
A preliminary trial of botulinum toxin type A in patients with vestibular migraine: A longitudinal fMRI study
Structural and functional abnormalities in Parkinson's disease based on voxel-based morphometry and resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Closing the loop: Novel quantitative fMRI approach for manipulation of the sensorimotor loop in tremor.
An fMRI meta-analysis of the role of the striatum in everyday-life vs laboratory-developed habits.
Associations Between Sub-Threshold Amyloid-β Deposition, Cortical Volume, and Cognitive Function Modulated by APOE ɛ4 Carrier Status in Cognitively Normal Older Adults
A drop in cognitive performance, whodunit? Subjective mental fatigue, brain deactivation or increased parasympathetic activity? It's complicated!
Comparing neural activity during autobiographical memory retrieval between younger and older adults: An ALE meta-analysis.
Neural substrates of saccadic adaptation: Plastic changes versus error processing and forward versus backward learning.
Enhanced left superior parietal activation during successful speech production in patients with left dorsal striatal damage and error-prone neurotypical participants.
Aberrant Functional Connectivity of the Orbitofrontal Cortex Is Associated With Excited Symptoms in First-Episode Drug-Naïve Patients With Schizophrenia
Functional connectivity changes in the delta frequency band following trauma treatment in complex trauma and dissociative disorder patients
Impact of a multidomain lifestyle intervention on regional spontaneous brain activity
Differences in gut microbiota correlate with symptoms and regional brain volumes in patients with late-life depression
Identifying and validating subtypes of Parkinson's disease based on multimodal MRI data via hierarchical clustering analysis
Hypersensitivity to passive voice hearing in hallucination proneness
Cerebellar and brainstem differences in children with developmental coordination disorder: A voxel-based morphometry study
Functional neurodevelopment of working memory in early-onset schizophrenia: A longitudinal FMRI study
Does hand modulate the reshaping of the attentional system during rightward prism adaptation? An fMRI study
Resting-State Functional Connectivity Characteristics of Resilience to Traumatic Stress in Dutch Police Officers
Brain Activities Responding to Acupuncture at ST36 (zusanli) in Healthy Subjects: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Task-Based fMRI Studies
Cerebral blood flow in adolescents with drug-naive, first-episode major depressive disorder: An arterial spin labeling study based on voxel-level whole-brain analysis
Cerebellum regulating cerebral functional cortex through multiple pathways in complete thoracolumbar spinal cord injury
Abnormal network homogeneity of default-mode network and its relationships with clinical symptoms in antipsychotic-naïve first-diagnosis schizophrenia
A review of functional brain differences predicting relapse in substance use disorder: Actionable targets for new methods of noninvasive brain stimulation.
Gray and white matter abnormality in patients with T2DM-related cognitive dysfunction: a systemic review and meta-analysis
Alterations of Regional Homogeneity in Parkinson’s Disease: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging (fMRI) Study
The association between ballroom dance training and empathic concern: Behavioral and brain evidence
Modeling functional network topology following stroke through graph theory: functional reorganization and motor recovery prediction
Brain, cognitive, and physical disability correlates of decreased quality of life in patients with Huntington’s disease
Disrupted intra- and inter-network connectivity in unilateral acute tinnitus with hearing loss
The bottom-up information transfer process and top-down attention control underlying tonal working memory
‘The Last Shot’—the shared and distinct brain regions involved in processing unexpectedness of success and failure in the context of social cooperation
In the back of your mind: Cortical mapping of paraspinal afferent inputs
Neural synchronization predicts marital satisfaction.
Longitudinal changes in brain activation underlying reading fluency
Lateralized subgenual ACC metabolic connectivity patterns in refractory melancholic depression: does it matter?
Negative correlation between word-level surprisal and intersubject neural synchronization during narrative listening.
Neural responding during uncertain threat anticipation in pediatric anxiety.
Analysis of individual differences in neurofeedback training illuminates successful self-regulation of the dopaminergic midbrain
Neuronal effects of glabellar botulinum toxin injections using a valenced inhibition task in borderline personality disorder
The Dorsolateral Prefrontal Cortex Presents Structural Variations Associated with Empathy and Emotion Regulation in Psychotherapists.
Obesity is associated with decreased gray matter volume in children: a longitudinal study.
Sensorimotor Integration and Pain Perception: Mechanisms Integrating Nociceptive Processing. A Systematic Review and ALE-Meta Analysis
Panic disorder aging characteristics: The role of telomerase reverse transcriptase gene and brain function
Distinct neural activation patterns of age in subcomponents of inhibitory control: A fMRI meta-analysis
Remote cortical atrophy and language outcomes after chronic left subcortical stroke with aphasia
Altered cerebral blood flow patterns in ankylosing spondylitis: A three-dimensional pseudo-continuous arterial spin labeling study
Brain alterations of regional homogeneity, degree centrality, and functional connectivity in vulnerable carotid plaque patients with neither clinical symptoms nor routine MRI lesions: A resting-state fMRI study
Predicting response to tVNS in patients with migraine using functional MRI: A voxels-based machine learning analysis
Alteration of brain functional networks induced by electroacupuncture stimulation in rats with ischemia–reperfusion: An independent component analysis
Brain mechanisms linking language processing and open motor skill training
Exploration of abnormal dynamic spontaneous brain activity in patients with high myopia via dynamic regional homogeneity analysis
Improved correspondence of fMRI visual field localizer data after cortex-based macroanatomical alignment
Cognitive Appraisal of Sleep and Brain Activation in Response to Sleep-Related Sounds in Healthy Adults
Specific subsystems of the inferior parietal lobule are associated with hand dysfunction following stroke: A cross‐sectional resting‐state fMRI study
When action prediction grows old: An fMRI study
Gray matter atrophy and corresponding impairments in connectivity in patients with anti-N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor encephalitis.
Trait coping styles and the maternal neural and behavioral sensitivity to an infant.
Neuroanatomy and Functional Connectivity in Patients with Parkinson’s Disease with or without Restless Legs Syndrome
“Wanting” versus “needing” related value: An fMRI meta‐analysis
Regional brain volume prior to treatment is linked to outcome after cognitive rehabilitation in traumatic brain injury
Altered resting-state neural networks in children and adolescents with functional neurological disorder
Involvement of cerebellar and subcortical connector hubs in schizophrenia
Investigation of Brain Activation Patterns Related to the Feminization or Masculinization of Body and Face Images across Genders
Temporal Organization of Episodic and Experience-near Semantic Autobiographical Memories: Neural Correlates and Context-dependent Connectivity.
Task-modulated Sensitivity to Vocal Pitch in the Dorsal Premotor Cortex during Multitalker Speech Recognition.
Functional Connectivity within the Frontal–Striatal Network Differentiates Checkers from Washers of Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder
Reinvestigating the Neural Bases Involved in Speech Production of Stutterers: An ALE Meta-Analysis
Voxel-Mirrored Homotopic Connectivity Is Altered in Meibomian Gland Dysfunction Patients That Are Morbidly Obese
Potential Targets for Noninvasive Brain Stimulation on Depersonalization-Derealization Disorder
Functional Connectivity Alterations Based on Hypometabolic Region May Predict Clinical Prognosis of Temporal Lobe Epilepsy: A Simultaneous 18F-FDG PET/fMRI Study
Limbic Responses to Aversive Visual Stimuli during the Acute and Recovery Phase of Takotsubo Syndrome
Neuronal Activity during Exposure to Specific Phobia through fMRI: Comparing Therapeutic Components of Cognitive Behavioral Therapy
Intrinsic brain abnormalities in female major depressive disorder patients with childhood trauma: A resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Aberrant Cerebello-Thalamo-Cortical Functional and Effective Connectivity in First-Episode Schizophrenia With Auditory Verbal Hallucinations.
The brain correlates of hostile attribution bias and their relation to the displaced aggression.
The neural correlates underlying the regulation of anticipation on regret.
EEG resting-state functional connectivity: evidence for an imbalance of external/internal information integration in autism
Mapping grip-force related brain activity after a fatiguing motor task in multiple sclerosis
Predicting the severity of internet gaming disorder with resting-state brain features: A multi-voxel pattern analysis.
Let's face it: The lateralization of the face perception network as measured with fMRI is not clearly right dominant.
Cytoarchitecture, intersubject variability, and 3D mapping of four new areas of the human anterior prefrontal cortex
The hand motor hotspot for seed-based functional connectivity of hand motor networks at rest
Misophonia: Analysis of the neuroanatomic patterns at the basis of psychiatric symptoms and changes of the orthosympathetic/ parasympathetic balance
Spontaneous brain activity, graph metrics, and head motion related to prospective post-traumatic stress disorder trauma-focused therapy response
Preconditioning prefrontal connectivity using transcranial direct current stimulation and transcranial magnetic stimulation
Regional homogeneity alterations in multifrequency bands in patients with basal ganglia stroke: A resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Abnormal cerebellar network and effective connectivity in sudden and long-term sensorineural hearing loss
Altered functional connectivity of cerebellar dentate nucleus in peak-dose dyskinesia in Parkinson’s disease
Children with strabismus and amblyopia presented abnormal spontaneous brain activities measured through fractional amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation (fALFF)
Alterations in local activity and functional connectivity in patients with postherpetic neuralgia after short-term spinal cord stimulation
Neural responsiveness to Chinese versus Western food images: An functional magnetic resonance imaging study of Chinese young adults
Le Petit Prince multilingual naturalistic fMRI corpus
Simultaneous EEG + fMRI study of brain activity during an emotional Stroop task in individuals in remission from depression.
Cortical atrophy is associated with cognitive impairment in Parkinson's disease: a combined analysis of cortical thickness and functional connectivity.
Structural and functional MRI evidence for significant contribution of precentral gyrus to flexible oculomotor control: evidence from the antisaccade task
White matter integrity and key structures affected in Alzheimer's disease characterized by diffusion tensor imaging.
Ongoing first-hand pain facilitates somatosensory resonance but inhibits affective sharing in empathy for pain.
Neural correlates of multisensory enhancement in audiovisual narrative speech perception: A fMRI investigation.
Functional imaging analyses reveal prototype and exemplar representations in a perceptual single-category task
Continuous theta burst stimulation over left supplementary motor area facilitates auditory-vocal integration in individuals with Parkinson’s disease
Acupuncture modulates the frequency-specific functional connectivity density in primary dysmenorrhea
Alterations of brain activity in multiple system atrophy patients with freezing of gait: A resting-state fMRI study
Neural efficiency and proficiency adaptation of effective connectivity corresponding to early and advanced skill levels in athletes of racket sports
Sex differences in neural substrates of risk taking: Implications for sex-specific vulnerabilities to internet gaming disorder
The longitudinal trajectory of emotion regulation and associated neural activity in patients with bipolar disorder: A prospective fMRI study
Intrinsic brain activity patterns across large‐scale networks predict reciprocity propensity
Altered functional connectivity in children with ADHD while performing cognitive control task.
Longitudinal resting-state functional connectivity changes in the insular subdivisions of abstinent individuals with opioid use disorder.
Topological dissimilarities of hierarchical resting networks in type 2 diabetes mellitus and obesity
The effect of self‐generated versus externally generated actions on timing, duration, and amplitude of blood oxygen level dependent response for visual feedback processing
The effect of hunger state on hypothalamic functional connectivity in response to food cues
Common and unique neural activities in subclinical depression and major depressive disorder indicate the development of brain impairments in different depressive stages.
Capturing brain-cognition relationship: Integrating task-based fMRI across tasks markedly boosts prediction and test-retest reliability.
Static and dynamic functional connectivity variability of the anterior-posterior hippocampus with subjective cognitive decline
Dissecting structural connectivity of the left and right inferior frontal cortex in children who stutter.
Associations of depressive symptoms with white matter abnormalities and regional cerebral blood flow in patients with amnestic mild cognitive impairment
Cortical gray matter microstructural alterations in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus
Anthropomorphic or non-anthropomorphic? Effects of biological sex in observation of actions in a digital human model and a gantry robot model
Altered gray matter volume and functional connectivity in medial orbitofrontal cortex of bulimia nervosa patients: A combined VBM and FC study
Classification of drug-naive children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder from typical development controls using resting-state fMRI and graph theoretical approach
Altered dynamic intrinsic brain activity of the default mode network in Alzheimer’s disease: A resting-state fMRI study
Neural substrates in patients with visual-spatial neglect recovering from right-hemispheric stroke
Altered dynamic spontaneous neural activity in minimal hepatic encephalopathy
Abnormal topological parameters in the default mode network in patients with impaired cognition undergoing maintenance hemodialysis
Freezing of gait in Parkinson’s disease is associated with the microstructural and functional changes of globus pallidus internus
Association of Nucleus Basalis of Meynert Functional Connectivity and Cognition in Idiopathic Rapid-Eye-Movement Sleep Behavior Disorder
Action-based predictions affect visual perception, neural processing, and pupil size, regardless of temporal predictability.
Medial Prefrontal Cortex Activity to Reward Outcome Moderates the Association Between Victimization Due to Sexual Orientation and Depression in Youth.
Alterations of functional connectivity of the lateral habenula in subclinical depression and major depressive disorder
Cognitive decline and hippocampal functional connectivity within older Black adults
Abnormal fractional Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuation in chronic ketamine users.
Changes in brain connectivity linked to multisensory processing of pain modulation in migraine with acupuncture treatment
Decreased functional connectivity in patients with major depressive disorder and a history of childhood traumatization through experiences of abuse.
Focused attention meditation in healthy adults: A systematic review and meta-analysis of cross-sectional functional MRI studies.
Distinct brain structural abnormalities in attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder and substance use disorders: A comparative meta-analysis
Role of SNAP‐25 MnlI variant in impaired working memory and brain functions in attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder
Dissociation of Writing Processes: A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study on the Neural Substrates for the Handwritten Production of Chinese Characters.
Neural Basis of the Implicit Learning of Complex Artificial Grammar with Nonadjacent Dependencies.
Brain activity changes associated with pain perception variability.
Brain regions involved in fractional amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation in cluster headache patients: a resting-state functional MRI study
Abnormal resting-state functional connectivity of hippocampal subregions in children with primary nocturnal enuresis
Decreased brain functional connectivity associated with cognitive dysfunction in women with second pregnancy
The relationship between fat mass and obesity associated gene polymorphism rs9939609 and resting cerebral blood flow in a midlife sample with overweight and obesity
Electroencephalogram microstates and functional connectivity of cybersickness
Multimodal brain features at 3 years of age and their relationship with pre-reading measures 1 year later
Alterations of voxel‐wise spontaneous activity and corresponding brain functional networks in multiple system atrophy patients with mild cognitive impairment
Altered Resting State Networks Before and After Temporal Lobe Epilepsy Surgery.
Changes in dynamic transitions between integrated and segregated states underlie visual hallucinations in Parkinson’s disease
Behavioral and brain functional characteristics of children with Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity disorder and anxiety trait.
Amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation after a single-trigger pain in patients with classical trigeminal neuralgia
Noradrenaline and Movement Initiation Disorders in Parkinson’s Disease: A Pharmacological Functional MRI Study with Clonidine
Combined fractional anisotropy and subcortical volumetric deficits in patients with mild-to-moderate depression: Evidence from the treatment of antidepressant traditional Chinese medicine
Using Real-Time fMRI Neurofeedback to Modulate M1-Cerebellum Connectivity
Understanding an implicated causality: The brain network for processing concessive relations.
Neural Correlates of Oral Stereognosis—An fMRI Study
Speech cortical activation and connectivity in typically developing children and those with listening difficulties
Brain-age is associated with progression to dementia in memory clinic patients
Boosting the Theory of Mind Network: Specific Psychotherapy Increases Neural Correlates of Affective Theory of Mind in Euthymic Bipolar Disorder.
Functional connectivity and structural changes of thalamic subregions in episodic migraine
Neural structural abnormalities behind altered brain activation in obesity: Evidence from meta-analyses of brain activation and morphometric data
Single Center to Evaluate and Compare Anisometropic Amblyopia in Adults Using Blood Oxygenation Level-Dependent Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging and Diffusion Kurtosis Imaging
Investigating form and content of emotional and non-emotional laughing.
Abnormal Spontaneous Brain Activity and Cognitive Impairment in Obstructive Sleep Apnea
Disrupted Spontaneous Neural Activity and Its Interaction With Pain and Emotion in Temporomandibular Disorders
Dynamic regional homogeneity alterations and cognitive impairment in patients with moderate and severe obstructive sleep apnea
Intrinsic brain activity reorganization contributes to long-term compensation of higher-order hearing abilities in single-sided deafness
A comparative study of amplitude of low-frequence fluctuation of resting-state fMRI between the younger and older treatment-resistant depression in adults
Learning to read Chinese promotes two cortico-subcortical pathways: The development of thalamo-occipital and fronto-striatal circuits
Decreased resting-state neural signal in the left angular gyrus as a potential neuroimaging biomarker of schizophrenia: An amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation and support vector machine analysis
Chronic tobacco smoking, impaired reward-based decision-making, and role of insular cortex: A comparison between early-onset smokers and late-onset smokers
Musical Activity During Life Is Associated With Multi-Domain Cognitive and Brain Benefits in Older Adults
The altered functional connectivity density related to cognitive impairment in alcoholics
Food cue reactivity in successful laparoscopic gastric banding: A sham-deflation-controlled pilot study
Machine learning analysis reveals abnormal functional network hubs in the primary angle-closure glaucoma patients
In vivo imaging of tau deposition in Alzheimer’s disease using both [18F]-THK5317 and [18F]-S16: A pilot human study
Distinct functional brain abnormalities in insomnia disorder and obstructive sleep apnea.
Altered dynamic amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation between bipolar type I and type II in the depressive state
Anhedonia symptoms: The assessment of brain functional mechanism following music stimuli using functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Diagnosis of late-life depression using structural equation modeling and dynamic effective connectivity during resting fMRI.
Identification of suicidality in patients with major depressive disorder via dynamic functional network connectivity signatures and machine learning
Brain-correlates of processing local dependencies within a statistical learning paradigm
Vascular and neuronal effects of general anesthesia on the brain: An fMRI study.
Functional connectivity during orthographic, phonological, and semantic processing of Chinese characters identifies distinct visuospatial and phonosemantic networks
Extended functional connectivity of convergent structural alterations among individuals with PTSD: a neuroimaging meta-analysis
Abnormalities of the Default Mode Network Functional Connectivity in Patients with Insomnia Disorder
Altered spontaneous brain activity in Down syndrome and its relation with cognitive outcome
Accurate machine learning prediction of sexual orientation based on brain morphology and intrinsic functional connectivity.
Brain activity during pursuit and goal-conflict threat avoidance in major depressive disorder
Activation of the left medial temporal gyrus and adjacent brain areas during affective theory of mind processing correlates with trait schizotypy in a nonclinical population
Moxibustion for primary dysmenorrhea: A resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study exploring the alteration of functional connectivity strength and functional connectivity
Domain‐specific and domain‐general neural network engagement during human–robot interactions
Comparing adaptive coding of reward in bipolar I disorder and schizophrenia
Common and distinct neural substrates of the compassionate and uncompassionate self-responding dimensions of self-compassion.
Meta-analysis of functional neuroimaging and dispositional variables for clinical empathy.
How reliable are amygdala findings in psychopathy? A systematic review of MRI studies.
Sometimes I feel the fear of uncertainty: How intolerance of uncertainty and trait anxiety impact fear acquisition, extinction and the return of fear.
Clinical vitamin D levels are associated with insular volume and inferior temporal gyrus white matter surface area in community-dwelling individuals with knee pain
Dynamic spectral signatures of mirror movements in the sensorimotor functional connectivity network of patients with Kallmann syndrome
Stable functional compensation within hippocampal-subregion networks in patients with temporal glioma before and after surgery
Abnormal cortical atrophy and functional connectivity are associated with depression in Parkinson’s disease
Potential of brain age in identifying early cognitive impairment in subcortical small-vessel disease patients
Aberrant pattern of regional cerebral blood flow in mild cognitive impairment: A meta-analysis of arterial spin labeling magnetic resonance imaging
More than just statics: Static and temporal dynamic changes in intrinsic brain activity in unilateral temporal lobe epilepsy
Why do mothers never stop grieving for their deceased children? Enduring alterations of brain connectivity and function
Altered functional connectivity in first-episode and recurrent depression: A resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Transcutaneous auricular vagus nerve immediate stimulation treatment for treatment-resistant depression: A functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Brain morphology changes after spinal cord injury: A voxel-based meta-analysis
The neural correlates of retrieval and procedural strategies in mental arithmetic: A functional neuroimaging meta‐analysis
The Angular Gyrus as a Hub for Modulation of Language-related Cortex by Distinct Prefrontal Executive Control Regions.
Patterns of retrieval-related cortico-striatal connectivity are stable across the adult lifespan.
When laughter arrests speech: fMRI-based evidence
Spontaneous brain activity abnormalities in migraine: A meta‐analysis of functional neuroimaging
The salience network is activated during self‐recognition from both first‐person and third‐person perspectives
A distinct intra-individual suppression subnetwork in the brain's default mode network across cognitive tasks.
Lifespan developmental changes in neural substrates and functional connectivity for visual semantic processing.
Supplementary motor area driving changes of structural brain network in blepharospasm.
Association between cortisol and aging-related hippocampus volume changes in community-dwelling older adults: a 7-year follow-up study
Proprioceptive contribution to oculomotor control in humans
Lower affective empathy in oral contraceptive users: a cross-sectional fMRI study.
Altered Regional Homogeneity and Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuations Induced by Electroconvulsive Therapy for Adolescents with Depression and Suicidal Ideation
Neural Activity Associated with Symptoms Change in Depressed Adolescents following Self-Processing Neurofeedback
What Are the Neural Correlates of Impaired Awareness of Social Cognition and Function in Dementia? A Systematic Review
Frontostriatal Functional Connectivity Underlies the Association between Punishment Sensitivity and Procrastination
A Combined Image- and Coordinate-Based Meta-Analysis of Whole-Brain Voxel-Based Morphometry Studies Investigating Subjective Tinnitus
Approaching or Decentering? Differential Neural Networks Underlying Experiential Emotion Regulation and Cognitive Defusion
Multi-Strain Probiotic Mixture Affects Brain Morphology and Resting State Brain Function in Healthy Subjects: An RCT
Dynamic Brain Connectivity in Resting-State FMRI Using Spectral ICA and Graph Approach: Application to Healthy Controls and Multiple Sclerosis
Abnormal degree centrality values as a potential imaging biomarker for major depressive disorder: A resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study and support vector machine analysis
The alternations of nucleus accumbent in schizophrenia patients with auditory verbal hallucinations during low-frequency rTMS treatment
A functional magnetic resonance imaging examination of audiovisual observation of a point-light string quartet using intersubject correlation and physical feature analysis
Pathological fear, anxiety and negative affect exhibit distinct neurostructural signatures: evidence from psychiatric neuroimaging meta-analysis
Sensory processing sensitivity and axonal microarchitecture: identifying brain structural characteristics for behavior
Multilayer Network Analysis of Dynamic Network Reconfiguration in Adults With Posttraumatic Stress Disorder.
Resting-state fMRI functional connectivity of the left temporal parietal junction is associated with visual temporal order threshold
Aberrant dynamic functional connectivity in corticostriatal circuitry in depressed bipolar II disorder with recent suicide attempt.
Antidepressants combined with psychodrama improve the coping style and cognitive control network in patients with childhood trauma-associated major depressive disorder
Association of body mass index and its classifications with gray matter volume in individuals with a wide range of body mass index group: A whole-brain magnetic resonance imaging study
Gray matter volume of cerebellum associated with idiopathic normal pressure hydrocephalus: A cross-sectional analysis
Theory of mind profile and cerebellar alterations in remitted bipolar disorder 1 and 2: a comparison study
A spinal manipulative therapy altered brain activity in patients with lumbar disc herniation: A resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Altered frequency-specific/universal amplitude characteristics of spontaneous brain oscillations in patients with bipolar disorder
Comparing resting-state connectivity of working memory networks in U.S. Service members with mild traumatic brain injury and posttraumatic stress disorder.
Neural dissociation of the acoustic and cognitive representation of voice identity.
Emotion dysregulation in adults with ADHD: The role of cognitive reappraisal and expressive suppression.
Brain networks under uncertainty: A coordinate-based meta-analysis of brain imaging studies.
Correlates of poor insight: A comparative fMRI and sMRI study in obsessive-compulsive disorder and schizo-obsessive disorder.
Neurovascular correlates of retinal microvascular caliber in adolescent bipolar disorder.
Brain correlates of action word memory revealed by fMRI
The atypical functional connectivity of Broca's area at multiple frequency bands in autism spectrum disorder.
An fMRI examination of the neural basis of suicide attempts: The role of mentalizing in the context of mood
Decreased cortical gyrification and surface area in the left medial parietal cortex in patients with treatment‐resistant and ultratreatment‐resistant schizophrenia
The contralateral effects of anticipated stimuli on brain activity measured by ERP and fMRI
Load-dependent inverted U–shaped connectivity of the default mode network in schizophrenia during a working-memory task: evidence from a replication functional MRI study
Nodes of the default mode network implicated in the quality of empathic responses: A clinical perspective of the empathic response
Cerebral control of swallowing: An update on neurobehavioral evidence.
Functional connectivity of the cortico-subcortical sensorimotor loop is modulated by the severity of nigrostriatal dopaminergic denervation in Parkinson’s Disease
Morning blue light treatment improves sleep complaints, symptom severity, and retention of fear extinction memory in post-traumatic stress disorder
Impacts of adrenarcheal DHEA levels on spontaneous cortical activity during development
White matter microstructural abnormalities and gray matter volume alterations in obsessive-compulsive disorder: A coordinate-based meta-analysis.
Social closeness modulates brain dynamics during trust anticipation
A functional neuroimaging study of self-other processing alterations in atypical developmental trajectories of psychotic-like experiences
Differences in the neural networks of thermal sensation with and without evaluation process
Affective and cognitive brain-networks are differently integrated in women and men while experiencing compassion
Altered cerebral blood flow in patients with spinocerebellar degeneration
Visual Selective Attention P300 Source in Frontal-Parietal Lobe: ERP and fMRI Study.
Neighborhood disadvantage, race/ethnicity and neural sensitivity to social threat and reward among adolescents
Functional neural changes associated with psychotherapy in anxiety disorders - A meta-analysis of longitudinal fMRI studies.
Start shallow and grow deep: The development of a Hebrew reading brain.
Convergent molecular and structural neuroimaging signatures of first-episode depression.
Local similarity of activity patterns during auditory and visual processing.
Enhanced mirror neuron network activity and effective connectivity during live interaction among female subjects.
High cortical iron is associated with the disruption of white matter tracts supporting cognitive function in healthy older adults.
Adolescents with a concussion have altered brain network functional connectivity one month following injury when compared to adolescents with orthopedic injuries
Aberrant gray matter volume and functional connectivity in Parkinson’s disease with minor hallucination
Mapping structural covariance networks in children and adolescents with post-traumatic stress disorder after earthquake
Aberrant dynamic minimal spanning tree parameters within default mode network in patients with autism spectrum disorder
Brain structural and functional changes during menstrual migraine: Relationships with pain
COMT Val158Met Polymorphism Influences the Cerebral Blood Flow Changes Related to Psychomotor Retardation in Major Depressive Disorder
Altered synchronous neural activities in retinal vein occlusion patients: A resting-state fMRI study
Continuous theta-burst stimulation over the left posterior inferior frontal gyrus induced compensatory plasticity in the language network
Regional brain atrophy in patients with chronic ankle instability: A voxel-based morphometry study
Changes in Cortical Activity in Stroke Survivors Undergoing Botulinum Neurotoxin Therapy for Treatment of Focal Spasticity
Cortical structural changes after subcortical stroke: Patterns and correlates
Sex difference in trait empathy is encoded in the human anterior insula.
Brain activity changes with emotional words in different stages of psychosis
Characterization of preantral follicle clustering and neighborhood patterns in the equine ovary
Meta-connectomic analysis maps consistent, reproducible, and transcriptionally relevant functional connectome hubs in the human brain
Microstructural deficits of the thalamus in major depressive disorder
Altered cerebellar-motor loop in benign adult familial myoclonic epilepsy type 1: The structural basis of cortical tremor.
A study on brain neuronal activation based on the load in upper limb exercise (STROBE)
Resting-State fMRI Whole Brain Network Function Plasticity Analysis in Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder
Changes and Influencing Factors of Stress Disorder in Patients with Mild Traumatic Brain Injury Stress Disorder
Cerebellar Functional Dysconnectivity in Drug-Naïve Patients With First-Episode Schizophrenia.
Brain responses to the vicarious facilitation of pain by facial expressions of pain and fear
Reliability and similarity of resting state functional connectivity networks imaged using wearable, high-density diffuse optical tomography in the home setting.
Disrupted network switching in euthymic bipolar disorder: Working memory and self-referential paradigms.
Altered mean apparent propagator-based microstructure and the corresponding functional connectivity of the parahippocampus and thalamus in Crohn’s disease
Altered Brain Functional Connectivity in Female Athletes Over the Course of a Season of Collision or Contact Sports
The functional connectivity and neuropsychology underlying mental planning operations: data from the digital clock drawing test
Altered local gyrification and functional connectivity in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients with mild cognitive impairment: A pilot cross-sectional small-scale single center study
Altered frontoparietal connectivity in patients with obsessive-compulsive disorder during an fMRI cognitive reappraisal task.
Abnormal long- and short-range functional connectivity in patients with first-episode drug-naïve melancholic and non-melancholic major depressive disorder.
Hyperthymic temperament predicts neural responsiveness for monetary reward.
Do blind people hear better?
Comparisons of resting-state brain activity between insomnia and schizophrenia: a coordinate-based meta-analysis
Metabolic connectivity is associated with seizure outcome in surgically treated temporal lobe epilepsies: A 18F-FDG PET seed correlation analysis
Error-related activity of the sensorimotor network contributes to the prediction of response to cognitive-behavioral therapy in obsessive–compulsive disorder
Effects of hyperbaric oxygen therapy on functional and structural connectivity in post-COVID-19 condition patients: A randomized, sham-controlled trial
Neurodevelopmental differences in task-evoked number network connectivity: Comparing symbolic and nonsymbolic number discrimination in children and adults
Wearing a KN95/FFP2 facemask induces subtle yet significant brain functional connectivity modifications restricted to the salience network
Dehydration and rehydration affect brain regional density and homogeneity among young male adults, determined via magnetic resonance imaging: A pilot self-control trial
Effect of acupuncture on brain regions modulation of mild cognitive impairment: A meta-analysis of functional magnetic resonance imaging studies
Altered brain functional activity and connectivity in bone metastasis pain of lung cancer patients: A preliminary resting-state fMRI study
Synergetic reorganization of the contralateral structure and function in patients with unilateral frontal glioma
Resting-state brain network in Parkinson’s disease with different degrees of depression
Higher brain structural heterogeneity in schizophrenia
Differences in Olivo-Cerebellar Circuit and Cerebellar Network Connectivity in Essential Tremor: a Resting State fMRI Study
Language and developmental plasticity after perinatal stroke
The neural basis of smile authenticity judgments and the potential modulatory role of the oxytocin receptor gene (OXTR).
Large-scale networks underlie cognitive insight differs between untreated adolescents ongoing their first schizophrenic episode and their reference non-schizophrenic mates
Precise motor rhythmicity relies on motor network responsivity.
Working memory updating in individuals with bipolar and unipolar depression: fMRI study
Gray matter reduction in bilateral insula mediating adverse psychiatric effects of body mass index in schizophrenia
Anatomical distance affects functional connectivity at rest in medicine-free obsessive–compulsive disorder
Resting-state functional connectivity predicts motor cortex stimulation-dependent pain relief in fibromyalgia syndrome patients
Alterations of cerebellar white matter integrity and associations with cognitive impairments in schizophrenia
Gray matter volume alterations in subjects with overweight and obesity: Evidence from a voxel-based meta-analysis
Neural correlates of affective task switching and asymmetric affective task switching costs
Differential neural correlates underlying mental rotation processes in two distinct cognitive profiles in autism
Mapping the Homeostatic and Hedonic Brain Responses to Stevia Compared to Caloric Sweeteners and Water: A Double-Blind Randomised Controlled Crossover Trial in Healthy Adults
Investigating the mechanism and prognosis of patients with disorders of consciousness on the basis of brain networks between the thalamus and whole-brain
Structural and Resting-State Brain Alterations in Trauma-Exposed Firefighters: Preliminary Results
Meta-analysis of structural and functional brain abnormalities in schizophrenia with persistent negative symptoms using activation likelihood estimation
Altered brain responses to noxious dentoalveolar stimuli in high-impact temporomandibular disorder pain patients
Trait related aberrant connectivity in clinically stable patients with schizophrenia: A seed based resting state fMRI study
The effect of action contingency on social perception is independent of person-like appearance and is related to deactivation of the frontal component of the self-agency network
The central autonomic system revisited - Convergent evidence for a regulatory role of the insular and midcingulate cortex from neuroimaging meta-analyses.
Neural substrates of reward anticipation and outcome in schizophrenia: a meta-analysis of fMRI findings in the monetary incentive delay task
Abnormal degree centrality in first-episode medication-free adolescent depression at rest: A functional magnetic resonance imaging study and support vector machine analysis
Carpal tunnel surgery dampens thalamocortical and normalizes corticocortical functional connectivity
A precise language network revealed by the independent component-based lesion mapping in post-stroke aphasia
Enhanced effective connectivity from the middle frontal gyrus to the parietal lobe is associated with impaired mental rotation after total sleep deprivation: An electroencephalogram study
Altered regional homogeneity of spontaneous brain activity in patients with toothache: A resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Frequency-specific alterations in intrinsic low-frequency oscillations in newly diagnosed male patients with obstructive sleep apnea
Altered intrinsic brain activity and connectivity in unaffected parents of individuals with autism spectrum disorder: a resting-state fMRI study
The functional connectivity of the basal ganglia subregions changed in mid-aged and young males with chronic prostatitis/chronic pelvic pain syndrome
Effects of Baduanjin imagery and exercise on cognitive function in the elderly: A functional near-infrared spectroscopy study
Levodopa alters resting-state functional connectivity more selectively in Parkinson's disease with freezing of gait.
A Counting Stroop Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study on the Effects of ORADUR-Methylphenidate in Drug-Naive Children with Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder
Functional neuroanatomical correlates of contingency judgement.
Classification of primary dysmenorrhea by brain effective connectivity of the amygdala: a machine learning study.
Invariant structural and functional brain regions associated with tinnitus: A meta-analysis
Decreased reward circuit connectivity during reward anticipation in major depression
Aberrant Topological Properties of Brain Functional Network in Children with Obstructive Sleep Apnea Derived from Resting-State fMRI.
Arithmetic in the signing brain: Differences and similarities in arithmetic processing between deaf signers and hearing non‐signers
Cortical gyrification differences between early- and late-onset obsessive–compulsive disorder: neurobiological evidence for neurodevelopmentally distinct subtypes
Fractional anisotropy and peripheral cytokine concentrations in outpatients with depressive episode: a diffusion tensor imaging observational study
Abnormal degree centrality and functional connectivity in Down syndrome: A resting-state fMRI study
White matter alterations in drug-naïve children with Tourette syndrome and obsessive-compulsive disorder
Relations between physical activity and hippocampal functional connectivity: Modulating role of mind wandering
The relationship between altered degree centrality and cognitive function in mild subcortical stroke: A resting-state fMRI study.
Functional whole-brain mechanisms underlying effects of tDCS on athletic performance of male rowing athletes revealed by resting-state fMRI
Abnormal cortical morphology in children and adolescents with intermittent exotropia
Identifying and revealing different brain neural activities of cognitive subtypes in early course schizophrenia
The cross-domain functional organization of posterior lateral temporal cortex: insights from ALE meta-analyses of 7 cognitive domains spanning 12,000 participants
Lower brain glucose metabolism in normal ageing is predominantly frontal and temporal: A systematic review and pooled effect size and activation likelihood estimates meta‐analyses
Sex differences in brain homotopic co-activations: a meta-analytic study
Attenuated interoceptive processing in individuals with major depressive disorder and high repetitive negative thinking.
Effective Connectivity of Functionally Anticorrelated Networks Under Lysergic Acid Diethylamide.
Vision- and touch-dependent brain correlates of body-related mental processing.
Working memory biases early object discrimination and parietal activity during attentional selection.
Use of metal-based contrast agents for in vivo MR and CT imaging of phagocytic cells in neurological pathologies.
The moderating effect of prefrontal response to sleep-related stimuli on the association between depression and sleep disturbance in insomnia disorder
Baseline patterns of resting functional connectivity within posterior default-mode intranetwork associated with remission to antidepressants in major depressive disorder
Multi-compartment diffusion magnetic resonance imaging models link tract-related characteristics with working memory performance in healthy older adults
Egocentric distance perception in older adults: Results from a functional magnetic resonance imaging and driving simulator study
Dynamic changes in brain structure in patients with post-traumatic stress disorder after motor vehicle accident: A voxel-based morphometry-based follow-up study
The relationship between self-esteem and self-concept clarity is modulated by spontaneous activities of the dACC
DLPFC stimulation alters large-scale brain networks connectivity during a drug cue reactivity task: A tDCS-fMRI study
Altered functional connectivity of the thalamus in primary angle-closure glaucoma patients: A resting-state fMRI study
Graph-Theory-Based Degree Centrality Combined with Machine Learning Algorithms Can Predict Response to Treatment with Antipsychotic Medications in Patients with First-Episode Schizophrenia
A neural signature of the vividness of prospective thought is modulated by temporal proximity during intertemporal decision making
Hearing voices in the head: Two meta-analyses on structural correlates of auditory hallucinations in schizophrenia
The long-range white matter microstructural alterations in drug-naive children with ADHD: A tract-based spatial statistics study.
Seeing Social: A Neural Signature for Conscious Perception of Social Interactions.
Neural encoding of novel social networks: evidence that perceivers prioritize others’ centrality
Imitation encourages empathic capacity toward other individuals with physical disabilities.
Functional magnetic resonance imaging activation for different vergence eye movement subtypes
A multimodal neuroimaging study of brain abnormalities and clinical correlates in post treatment Lyme disease
Work time allocation at primary health care level in two regions of Albania
Multimodal neuroimaging in post-COVID syndrome and correlation with cognition.
Low glutamate diet improves working memory and contributes to altering BOLD response and functional connectivity within working memory networks in Gulf War Illness
Prefrontal tDCS is unable to modulate mind wandering propensity or underlying functional or effective brain connectivity
Brain Anatomy Alterations and Mental Health Challenges Correlate to Email Addiction Tendency
A Meta-Analysis of fMRI Studies of Youth Cannabis Use: Alterations in Executive Control, Social Cognition/Emotion Processing, and Reward Processing in Cannabis Using Youth
Facilitation of Hand Proprioceptive Processing in Paraplegic Individuals with Long-Term Wheelchair Sports Training
The ALFF Alterations of Spontaneous Pelvic Pain in the Patients of Chronic Prostatitis/Chronic Pelvic Pain Syndrome Evaluated by fMRI
In Vivo Tau Burden Is Associated with Abnormal Brain Functional Connectivity in Alzheimer’s Disease: A 18F-Florzolotau Study
Seeking Overlapping Neuroanatomical Alterations between Dyslexia and Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder: A Meta-Analytic Replication Study
Macrostructural and Microstructural White Matter Alterations Are Associated with Apathy across the Clinical Alzheimer’s Disease Spectrum
Compensation Mechanisms May Not Always Account for Enhanced Multisensory Illusion in Older Adults: Evidence from Sound-Induced Flash Illusion
Effects of transcranial direct current stimulation on neural activity and functional connectivity during fear extinction
Brain morphometric abnormalities and their associations with affective symptoms in males with methamphetamine use disorder during abstinence
Abnormal brain activities in multiple frequency bands in Parkinson’s disease with apathy
The White Matter Functional Abnormalities in Patients with Transient Ischemic Attack: A Reinforcement Learning Approach
Using fractal dimension analysis to assess the effects of normal aging and sex on subregional cortex alterations across the lifespan from a Chinese dataset.
Altered regional homogeneity and functional connectivity of brain activity in young HIV-infected patients with asymptomatic neurocognitive impairment
Altered neural mechanism of social reward anticipation in individuals with schizophrenia and social anhedonia.
Neural Correlates of Naturally Occurring Speech Errors during Picture Naming in Healthy Participants.
Cerebral blood flow predicts multiple demand network activity and fluid intelligence across the adult lifespan.
Self‐deception: Distorted metacognitive process in ambiguous contexts
The influence of initial spinal cord haematoma and cord compression on neurological grade improvement in acute traumatic spinal cord injury: A prospective observational study.
Pubertal development underlies optimization of inhibitory control through specialization of ventrolateral prefrontal cortex
Increased insula response to interoceptive attention following mindfulness training is associated with increased body trusting among patients with depression.
Impaired dynamic functional brain properties and their relationship to symptoms in never treated first-episode patients with schizophrenia
Distinct alterations of functional connectivity of the basal forebrain subregions in insomnia disorder
Altered stability of brain functional architecture after sleep deprivation: A resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Neural activity changes in first-episode, drug-naïve patients with major depressive disorder after transcutaneous auricular vagus nerve stimulation treatment: A resting-state fMRI study
Abnormal functional connectivity in psoriasis patients with depression is associated with their clinical symptoms
Altered serum amyloid beta and cerebral perfusion and their associations with cognitive function in patients with subcortical ischemic vascular disease
Explore the effects of overweight and smoking on spontaneous brain activity: Independent and reverse
Altered functional association and couplings: Effective diagnostic neuromarkers for Alzheimer’s disease
Clinical and Metabolic Signature of UNC13A Rs12608932 Variant in Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
Association study between hypothalamic functional connectivity, early nutrition, and glucose levels in healthy children aged 6 years: The COGNIS study follow-up
Meta-analytical evidence of functional and structural abnormalities associated with pain processing in migraine patients: An activation likelihood estimation
Evaluating the reliability, validity, and utility of overlapping networks: Implications for network theories of cognition
Instructions and experiential learning have similar impacts on pain and pain-related brain responses but produce dissociations in value-based reversal learning
Thumbs up or thumbs down: neural processing of social feedback and links to social motivation in adolescent girls.
Brain metabolic differences between pure bulbar and pure spinal ALS: a 2-[18F]FDG-PET study
Differential Impact of Anxious Misery Psychopathology on Multiple Representations of the Functional Connectome
Common Gray Matter Reductions in Alcohol Use and Obsessive-Compulsive Disorders: A Meta-analysis
Neurogenetics of Dynamic Connectivity Patterns Associated With Obsessive-Compulsive Symptoms in Healthy Children
Abnormal static and dynamic functional network connectivity in stable chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
Gray matter, white matter and cerebrospinal fluid abnormalities in Parkinson’s disease: A voxel-based morphometry study
Individualized prediction of trait self-control from whole-brain functional connectivity.
Abnormal regional homogeneity and functional connectivity in major depressive disorder patients with long-term remission: An exploratory study.
Computational and neural mechanisms of statistical pain learning
The neural coding of tonal working memory load: An functional magnetic resonance imaging study
The contribution of the left precuneus to emotion memory in migraine without aura patients
Task-related neural activation abnormalities in patients with remitted major depressive disorder: A coordinate-based meta-analysis.
Neural mechanisms of background and velocity effects in smooth pursuit eye movements
Reward modality modulates striatal responses to reward anticipation in ADHD: Effects of affiliative and food stimuli.
The characterization of static and dynamic brain functional networks in suicide attempters with major depressive disorder and its relation to psychological pain.
Neural underpinning of Japanese particle processing in non-native speakers
Attention to attention in aphasia – elucidating impairment patterns, modality differences and neural correlates
Functional connectivity of brain networks during semantic processing in older adults
Resting-state functional connectivity alteration in elderly patients with knee osteoarthritis and declined cognition: An observational study
Neural substrates of spatial processing and navigation in blindness: An activation likelihood estimation meta-analysis
Abnormal cerebellar-prefrontal cortical pathways in obstructive sleep apnea with/without mild cognitive impairment
Recent-onset and persistent tinnitus: Uncovering the differences in brain activities using resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging technologies
Functional changes in the auditory cortex and associated regions caused by different acoustic stimuli in patients with presbycusis and tinnitus
Functional connectivity impairment of thalamus-cerebellum-scratching neural circuits in pruritus of chronic spontaneous urticaria
Altered functional connectivity pattern of hippocampal subfields in individuals with objectively‐defined subtle cognitive decline and its association with cognition and cerebrospinal fluid biomarkers
Effects of age on the neural correlates of encoding source and item information: An fMRI study.
Representational dynamics of memories for real-life events
Abnormal amygdala functional connectivity and deep learning classification in multifrequency bands in autism spectrum disorder: A multisite functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Brain recognition of previously learned versus novel temporal sequences: a differential simultaneous processing
Aberrant interhemispheric functional connectivity in major depressive disorder with and without anhedonia
Assessing seasonal spatial segregation by age class of beluga whales (Delphinapterus leucas) in Western Hudson Bay estuaries
Neural correlates of eye contact and social function in autism spectrum disorder
A randomized pharmacological fMRI trial investigating d-cycloserine and brain plasticity mechanisms in learned pain responses
Abnormal percent amplitude of fluctuation changes in patients with monocular blindness: A resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Cortical networks underlying successful control of nociceptive processing using real-time fMRI
Behavioral and neural representation of expected reward and risk.
Human thirst behavior requires transformation of sensory inputs by intrinsic brain networks
Impaired Inter-Hemispheric Functional Connectivity during Resting State in Female Patients with Migraine
A Study of Differential Resting-State Brain Functional Activity in Males and Females with Recurrent Depressive Disorder
Brain Activity Associated with the Planning Process during the Long-Time Learning of the Tower of Hanoi (ToH) Task: A Pilot Study
A Comparative Study on the Temporal Effects of 2D and VR Emotional Arousal
Hemodynamic correlates of emotion regulation in frontal lobe epilepsy patients and healthy participants
Self-labelled encoder-decoder (SLED) for multi-echo gradient echo-based myelin water imaging.
Reduced pattern similarity in brain activation during orthographic processing in children with developmental dyslexia.
Within- and across-network alterations in the default network and in visual networkpatients with somatic symptom disorder.
Hypothalamic interaction with reward-related regions during subjective evaluation of foods.
Cognitive flexibility: neurobehavioral correlates of changing one's mind.
Anonymity in sharing morally salient news: the causal role of the temporoparietal junction.
Migraine Type-Dependent Patterns of Brain Activation After Facial and Intranasal Trigeminal Stimulation
Neural evidence suggests phonological acceptability judgments reflect similarity, not constraint evaluation.
Cognitive training enhances growth mindset in children through plasticity of cortico-striatal circuits
Mesoscopic in vivo human T dataset acquired using quantitative MRI at 7 Tesla.
A Prospective Study of the Impact of Severe Childhood Deprivation on Brain White Matter in Adult Adoptees: Widespread Localized Reductions in Volume But Unaffected Microstructural Organization
Contribution of the μ‐opioid receptor system to affective disorders in temporal lobe epilepsy: A bidirectional relationship?
Late dominance of the right hemisphere during narrative comprehension
Motor cortex functional connectivity is associated with underlying neurochemistry in ALS
Association between fractional amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation (fALFF) and facial emotion recognition ability in first-episode schizophrenia patients: a fMRI study
Abnormal gray matter structure in children and adolescents with high-functioning autism spectrum disorder.
The origins of evil: From lesions to the functional architecture of the antisocial brain
Aberrant frontolimbic circuit in female depressed adolescents with and without suicidal attempts: A resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Childhood trauma, IL-6 and weaker suppression of the default mode network (DMN) during theory of mind (ToM) performance in schizophrenia
Alterations in whole-brain dynamic functional stability during memory tasks under dexmedetomidine sedation
Topological patterns of motor networks in Parkinson’s disease with different sides of onset: A resting-state-informed structural connectome study
Inherent regional brain activity changes in male obstructive sleep apnea with mild cognitive impairment: A resting-state magnetic resonance study
The impact of emotional context on neural substrates of respiratory sensory gating
Identifying neural correlates of multidimensional, subjective gaming experiences during active gameplay
Abnormal cortical-striatal-thalamic-cortical circuit centered on the thalamus in MDD patients with somatic symptoms: Evidence from the REST-meta-MDD project.
Right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex regulates default prosociality preference
Vicarious experiences of touch (mirror touch) in a Chinese sample: Cross-cultural and individual differences
Prediction of gender from longitudinal MRI data via deep learning on adolescent data reveals unique patterns associated with brain structure and change over a two-year period.
Activation changes induced by cognitive training are consistent with improved cognitive reserve in older adults with subjective cognitive decline.
Controllability of Functional Brain Networks and Its Clinical Significance in First-Episode Schizophrenia
Cerebral neurovascular alterations in stable chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: a preliminary fMRI study
Functional changes of the prefrontal cortex, insula, caudate and associated cognitive impairment (chemobrain) in NSCLC patients receiving different chemotherapy regimen
Altered functional connectivity between primary motor cortex subregions and the whole brain in patients with incomplete cervical spinal cord injury
The convergent and divergent patterns in brain perfusion between Alzheimer's disease and Parkinson's disease with dementia: An ASL MRI study
Leadership and credition: Followers' neural response to leaders who are perceived as transformational
Altered cortical thickness, degree centrality, and functional connectivity in middle-age type 2 diabetes mellitus
Children’s syntax is supported by the maturation of BA44 at 4 years, but of the posterior STS at 3 years of age
The relationship between Central Nervous System morphometry changes and key symptoms in Crohn’s disease
The impact of breast milk feeding on early brain development in preterm infants in China: An observational study
Whole brain correlates of individual differences in skin conductance responses during discriminative fear conditioning to social cues
Use of functional magnetic resonance imaging to assess cognition and consciousness in severe Guillain-Barré syndrome
Lower extremity Interlimb coordination associated brain activity in young female athletes: A biomechanically instrumented neuroimaging study.
Altered reward processing underpins emotional apathy in dementia
Identification of biopsychological trait markers in functional neurological disorders
The brain structure and function abnormalities of migraineurs: A systematic review and neuroimaging meta-analysis
Intrinsic brain functional connectivity patterns in alcohol use disorder
Altered hippocampal functional connectivity after the rupture of anterior communicating artery aneurysm
Structural Cerebellar Abnormalities and Parkinsonism in Patients with 22q11.2 Deletion Syndrome
Vigilant Attention, Cerebral Blood Flow and Grey Matter Volume Change after 36 h of Acute Sleep Deprivation in Healthy Male Adults: A Pilot Study
Musical Experience Relates to Insula-Based Functional Connectivity in Older Adults
Opposing associations of Internet Use Disorder symptom domains with structural and functional organization of the striatum: A dimensional neuroimaging approach
Different Olfactory Perception in Heroin Addicts Using Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging
A true response of the brain network during electroacupuncture stimulation at scalp acupoints: An fMRI with simultaneous EAS study
Rapid volumetric brain changes after acute psychosocial stress.
The Cerebellum Is a Key Structure in the Neural Network for Mentalizing: An MRI Study in the Behavioral Variant of Frontotemporal Dementia
Trait anxiety is related to Nx4’s efficacy on stress-induced changes in amygdala-centered resting state functional connectivity: a placebo-controlled cross-over trial in mildly to moderately stressed healthy volunteers
Dissociation and hierarchy of human visual pathways for simultaneously coding facial identity and expression.
Distinct reserve capacity impacts on default-mode network in response to left angular gyrus-navigated repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the prodromal Alzheimer disease.
A systematic review on the potential use of machine learning to classify major depressive disorder from healthy controls using resting state fMRI measures.
Pre-diabetes is associated with altered functional connectivity density in cortical regions of the default-mode network
Altered cerebellar functional connectivity in chronic subcortical stroke patients
Integrative interaction of emotional speech in audio-visual modality
Altered striatal functional connectivity and structural dysconnectivity in individuals with bipolar disorder: A resting state magnetic resonance imaging study
Gender differences in major depressive disorders: A resting state fMRI study
DystoniaBoTXNet: Novel Neural Network Biomarker of Botulinum Toxin Efficacy in Isolated Dystonia
The neural correlates of value representation: From single items to bundles
Thalamocortical functional connectivity and cannabis use in men with childhood attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder
Risk‐taking in the human brain: An activation likelihood estimation meta‐analysis of the balloon analog risk task (BART)
Neuromodulation of the right temporoparietal junction alters amygdala functional connectivity to authority pressure
Predicting time-to-conversion for dementia of Alzheimer's type using multi-modal deep survival analysis.
Association of right precuneus compression with apathy in idiopathic normal pressure hydrocephalus: a pilot study
Identifying and distinguishing of essential tremor and Parkinson’s disease with grouped stability analysis based on searchlight-based MVPA
Structural and functional changes in drug-naïve benign childhood epilepsy with centrotemporal spikes and their associated gene expression profiles.
Neural substrates underlying effortful control deficit in autism spectrum disorder: a meta-analysis of fMRI studies
Abnormal resting-state functional connectivity of the insula in medication-free patients with obsessive-compulsive disorder
Effect of APOE ε4 genotype on amyloid‐β, glucose metabolism, and gray matter volume in cognitively normal individuals and amnestic mild cognitive impairment
Multimodal imaging of essential tremor and dystonic tremor
Alterations in metamemory capacity and neural correlates in a subtype of subjective cognitive decline
Increased functional connectivity between nucleus basalis of Meynert and amygdala in cognitively intact elderly along the Alzheimer's continuum.
Neural processing of self-touch and other-touch in anorexia nervosa and autism spectrum condition
Aberrant static and dynamic functional connectivity of amygdala subregions in patients with major depressive disorder and childhood maltreatment
Medio‐dorsal thalamic dysconnectivity in chronic knee pain: A possible mechanism for negative affect and pain comorbidity
Cocktail party training induces increased speech intelligibility and decreased cortical activity in bilateral inferior frontal gyri. A functional near-infrared study
Willingness to participate in geolocation-based research
Neural underpinnings of open-label placebo effects in emotional distress
Task switching involves working memory: Evidence from neural representation
Specific and common functional connectivity deficits in drug-free generalized anxiety disorder and panic disorder: A data-driven analysis.
Altered functional connectivity of the right caudate nucleus in chronic migraine: a resting-state fMRI study
Two-year follow-up of brain structural changes in patients who recovered from COVID-19: A prospective study
Different characteristics of striatal resting-state functional conectivity in treatment-resistant and non-treatment-resistant depression.
Limbic and cortical regions as functional biomarkers associated with emotion regulation in bipolar disorder: A meta-analysis of neuroimaging studies.
Hemispheric lateralization of semantic processing before and after aripiprazole treatment in first-episode psychosis or ultra-high risk state
Brain metabolic correlates of Locus Coeruleus degeneration in Alzheimer's disease: a multimodal neuroimaging study.
Neural activity in adults with major depressive disorder differs from that in healthy individuals: A resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Disrupted metabolic and spontaneous neuronal activity of hippocampus in sepsis associated encephalopathy rats: A study combining magnetic resonance spectroscopy and resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging
Implicit threat learning involves the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex and the cerebellum
Different functional alteration in attention‐deficit/hyperactivity disorder across developmental age groups: A meta‐analysis and an independent validation of resting‐state functional connectivity studies
Effects of APOE ε2 allele on basal forebrain functional connectivity in mild cognitive impairment
Anodal cerebellar stimulation increases cortical activation: Evidence for cerebellar scaffolding of cortical processing
Dysconnectivity between the anterior insula and the dorsal anterior cingulate cortex during an emotion go/nogo paradigm is associated with aggressive behaviors in male schizophrenia patients.
Solidity Meets Surprise: Cerebral and Behavioral Effects of Learning from Episodic Prediction Errors.
Changes in neural activity during the combining affect labeling and reappraisal.
Neurocognitive patterns across genetic levels in behavioral variant frontotemporal dementia: a multiple single cases study
Dog and human neural sensitivity to voicelikeness: A comparative fMRI study.
A voxel-based meta-analysis comparing medication-naive patients of major depression with treated longer-term ill cases.
The subcortical and neurochemical organization of the ventral and dorsal attention networks
SF-MVPA: A from raw data to statistical results and surface space-based MVPA toolbox
The anti-anxiety drug lorazepam changes implicit behaviors but not explicit evaluations of sense of agency under authoritative pressure: A functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Changes in Degree Centrality and Functional Connectivity after the First Cycle of Neoadjuvant Chemotherapy in Newly Diagnosed Breast Cancer: A Longitudinal Study
Altered neurovascular coupling in children with idiopathic generalized epilepsy
Role of supplementary motor area in cervical dystonia and sensory tricks
Cortical Deficits are Correlated with Impaired Stereopsis in Patients with Strabismus
Altered functional connectivity strength in chronic insomnia associated with gut microbiota composition and sleep efficiency
Abnormal regional homogeneity and amplitude of low frequency fluctuation in chronic kidney patients with and without dialysis
Error-related brain state analysis using electroencephalography in conjunction with functional near-infrared spectroscopy during a complex surgical motor task
Altered brain activity and childhood trauma in Chinese adolescents with borderline personality disorder.
Resting state functional connectivity as a marker of internalizing disorder onset in high-risk youth
Abnormal Regional Spontaneous Neural Activity and Functional Connectivity in Unmedicated Patients with Narcolepsy Type 1: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Structural and Functional Neural Correlates in Individuals with Excessive Smartphone Use: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis
Emergency Braking Evoked Brain Activities during Distracted Driving
Effects of Remote Expressive Arts Program in Older Adults with Mild Cognitive Impairment: A Randomized Controlled Trial
Effect of high-definition transcranial direct current stimulation on improving depression and modulating functional activity in emotion-related cortical-subcortical regions in bipolar depression.
Differential patterns of default mode network activity associated with negative and positive rumination in bipolar disorder.
Exposure to violence is associated with decreased neural connectivity in emotion regulation and cognitive control, but not working memory, networks after accounting for socioeconomic status: a preliminary study
Impaired sustained attention in groups at high risk for antisocial personality disorder: A contingent negative variation and standardized low-resolution tomographic analysis study
Reduced brain activity during a working memory task in middle-aged apolipoprotein E ε4 carriers with overweight/obesity
Cognitive control training enhances the integration of intrinsic functional networks in adolescents
Regional brain dysfunction in insomnia after ischemic stroke: A resting-state fMRI study
Task-dependent plasticity in distributed neural circuits after transcranial direct current stimulation of the human motor cortex: A proof-of-concept study
Cardiorespiratory fitness is associated with fMRI signal in right cerebellum lobule VIIa Crus I and II during spatial navigation in older adult women
Structure and activity alteration in adult highland residents' cerebrum: Voxel-based morphometry and amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation study
Diffusion kurtosis imaging and diffusion tensor imaging parameters applied to white matter and gray matter of patients with anti-N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor encephalitis
Evaluating whole‐brain tissue‐property changes in MRI‐negative pharmacoresistant focal epilepsies using MR fingerprinting
Speaking in gestures: Left dorsal and ventral frontotemporal brain systems underlie communication in conducting.
The insula modulates the effects of aerobic training on cardiovascular function and ambulation in multiple sclerosis
Common gray matter loss in the frontal cortex in patients with methamphetamine-associated psychosis and schizophrenia
Locus coeruleus integrity correlates with inhibitory functions of the fronto-subthalamic 'hyperdirect' pathway in Parkinson's disease.
Changes in sensory-related brain networks of patients with moyamoya disease with limb paresthesia: A resting-state fMRI-based functional connectivity analysis
TTLL11 gene is associated with sustained attention performance and brain networks: A genome‐wide association study of a healthy Chinese sample
Air-conducted ultrasound below the hearing threshold elicits functional changes in the cognitive control network
Function without feeling: neural reactivity and intercommunication during flexible motor adjustments evoked by emotional and neutral stimuli.
Altered functional connectivity during performance feedback processing in multiple sclerosis
Modeling Brain Dysconnectivity in Rodents.
Stimulation of distinct parietal locations differentiates frontal versus hippocampal network involvement in memory formation
Gender differences in brain activity when exposed to cyberbullying: Associations between wellbeing and cyberbullying experience using functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging
Academic achievements and brain volume development in children and adolescents
Sex-Specific Brain Activations during Single-Leg Exercise
Development of the neural correlates of recollection.
The underlying neural bases of the reversal error while solving algebraic word problems
Dynamic changes in fractional amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations in patients with chronic insomnia
Attenuated effective connectivity of large-scale brain networks in children with autism spectrum disorders
Abnormal amygdala functional connectivity in MDD patients with insomnia complaints.
The neural correlates of mental fatigue and reward processing: A task-based fMRI study.
Aging of the brain in bipolar disorder: Illness- and onset-related effects in cortical thickness and subcortical gray matter volume.
Adaptive changes in sensorimotor processing in patients with acute low back pain
Increased functional activity, bottom-up and intrinsic effective connectivity in autism
A presurgical voxel-wise predictive model for cerebellar mutism syndrome in children with posterior fossa tumors
Visuo-motor transformations in the intraparietal sulcus mediate the acquisition of endovascular medical skill.
Alterations of amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations and fractional amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations in end-stage renal disease on maintenance dialysis: An activation likelihood estimation meta-analysis
Acupuncture decreases amygdala functional connectivity in subjective tinnitus
Effect of spinal anesthesia-induced deafferentation on pain processing in healthy male volunteers: A task-related fMRI study
Cerebellar correlates of social dysfunction among individuals at clinical high risk for psychosis
Identifying the neural marker of chronic sciatica using multimodal neuroimaging and machine learning analyses
Neural circuitry involved in conditioned inhibition via safety signal learning is sensitive to trauma exposure
Dorsal posterior cingulate cortex responds to negative feedback information supporting learning and relearning of response policies.
The role of left insula mediating impaired error processing in response inhibition in adult heavy drinkers.
Network organization of resting-state cerebral hemodynamics and their aliasing contributions measured by functional near-infrared spectroscopy
Associations of leptin and corticostriatal connectivity in bipolar disorder
Effects of baclofen on insular gain anticipation in alcohol-dependent patients — a randomized, placebo-controlled, pharmaco-fMRI pilot trial
On the performance of multi-compartment relaxometry for myelin water imaging (MCR-MWI) - test-retest repeatability and inter-protocol reproducibility.
Frailty and functional brain connectivity (FBC) in older adults with mild cognitive impairment (MCI): baseline results from the SYNERGIC Trial
Identification of a novel link between adiposity and visuospatial perception
Comparing the test–retest reliability of resting‐state functional magnetic resonance imaging metrics across single band and multiband acquisitions in the context of healthy aging
Randomized controlled trial of computerized approach/avoidance training in social anxiety disorder: Neural and symptom outcomes.
Neural Signatures of Error Processing in Depressed Adolescents with Comorbid Non-Suicidal Self-Injury (NSSI)
Altered Cerebro-Cerebellar Effective Connectivity in New-Onset Juvenile Myoclonic Epilepsy
PICALM rs3851179 Variants Modulate Left Postcentral Cortex Thickness, CSF Amyloid β42, and Phosphorylated Tau in the Elderly
Win and Loss Responses in the Monetary Incentive Delay Task Mediate the Link between Depression and Problem Drinking
Individual- and Connectivity-Based Real-Time fMRI Neurofeedback to Modulate Emotion-Related Brain Responses in Patients with Depression: A Pilot Study
Prolonged Longitudinal Transcutaneous Auricular Vagus Nerve Stimulation Effect on Striatal Functional Connectivity in Patients with Major Depressive Disorder
A meta-analysis of brain morphometric aberrations in adolescents who experienced childhood trauma
Low‐frequency rTMS targeting individual self‐initiated finger‐tapping task activation modulates the amplitude of local neural activity in the putamen
Persistent Ventral Anterior Cingulate Cortex and Resolved Amygdala Hyper-responses to Negative Outcomes After Depression Remission: A Combined Cross-sectional and Longitudinal Study.
Preliminary data on oxytocin modulation of neural reactivity in women to emotional stimuli of children depending on childhood emotional neglect
Role of the right anterior insula for the emergence of flow—A combined task-based fMRI activation and connectivity study
Alteration of whole-brain amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation and degree centrality in patients with mild to moderate depression: A resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Baseline brain and behavioral factors distinguish adolescent substance initiators and non-initiators at follow-up
Alterations of Regional Homogeneity in Parkinson’s Disease with Rapid Eye Movement Sleep Behavior Disorder
Deficits in ascending pain modulation pathways in breast cancer survivors with chronic neuropathic pain: A resting-state fMRI study
Altered anterior cingulate cortex subregional connectivity associated with cognitions for distinguishing the spectrum of pre-clinical Alzheimer’s disease
Acute TMS/fMRI response explains offline TMS network effects - An interleaved TMS-fMRI study.
Neural correlates of lexical stress processing in a foreign free‐stress language
Dynamic causal modeling of cerebello-cerebral connectivity when sequencing trait-implying actions.
Gender differences in brain response to infant emotional faces
Responses in left inferior frontal gyrus are altered for speech‐in‐noise processing, but not for clear speech in autism
Socioeconomic disparities in sleep duration are associated with cortical thickness in children
Orbitofrontal cortex functional connectivity changes in patients with binge eating disorder and bulimia nervosa
Sex differences in frontotemporal atrophy in CADASIL revealed by 7-Tesla MRI
Auditory rhythm discrimination in adults who stutter: An fMRI study.
One Size Does Not Fit All: Methodological Considerations for Brain-Based Predictive Modeling in Psychiatry.
Thalamic volume and functional connectivity are associated with nicotine dependence severity and craving
Dynamic local metrics changes in patients with toothache: A resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Altered functional hubs and connectivity in type 2 diabetes mellitus with and without mild cognitive impairment
Association between eating behavior and the immediate neural activity caused by viewing food images presented in and out of awareness: A magnetoencephalography study
Primary somatosensory cortex and periaqueductal gray functional connectivity as a marker of the dysfunction of the descending pain modulatory system in fibromyalgia
Investigation of Involvement between Specific Brain Regions and Evaluation Criteria Elements in a Two-Selections Task
Simultaneous 18F-FDG PET/MR metabolic and structural changes in visual snow syndrome and diagnostic use
The neural correlates of context driven changes in the emotional response: An fMRI study
Altered engagement of the speech motor network is associated with reduced phonological working memory in autism.
Characterization of white matter microstructural abnormalities associated with cognitive dysfunction in cerebral small vessel disease with cerebral microbleeds.
Structural and functional correlates of the response to deep brain stimulation at ventral capsule/ventral striatum region for treatment-resistant depression
Striatal dopamine supports reward expectation and learning: A simultaneous PET/fMRI study
Effects of non-modifiable risk factors of Alzheimer’s disease on intracortical myelin content
Interactions between the aging brain and motor task complexity across the lifespan: balancing brain activity resource demand and supply
Common and distinct neural representations of imagined and perceived speech.
Regional activity alterations in Parkinson’s disease patients with anxiety disorders: A resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Estimating effective connectivity in Alzheimer's disease progression: A dynamic causal modeling study
A coordinate-based meta-analysis of acupuncture for chronic pain: Evidence from fMRI studies
Distinct profiles of functional connectivity density aberrance in Alzheimer's disease and mild cognitive impairment
Abnormal hubs in global network as potential neuroimaging marker in generalized anxiety disorder at rest
Association of Habitual Checking Behaviors on Social Media With Longitudinal Functional Brain Development.
Altered regional homogeneity and its association with cognitive function in adolescents with borderline personality disorder
Deeper Than You Think: Partisanship-Dependent Brain Responses in Early Sensory and Motor Brain Regions.
Identification of discriminative neuroimaging markers for patients on hemodialysis with insomnia: a fractional amplitude of low frequency fluctuation-based machine learning analysis
Neural attenuation: age-related dedifferentiation in the left occipitotemporal cortex for visual word processing.
Cerebral perfusion alterations in patients with trigeminal neuralgia as measured by pseudo-continuous arterial spin labeling
Situation updating during discourse comprehension recruits right posterior portion of the multiple‐demand network
The relationship between drop vertical jump action‐observation brain activity and kinesiophobia after anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction: A cross‐sectional fMRI study
Development of the Paternal Brain in Humans throughout Pregnancy.
Changes in Resting-State Neural Activity and Nerve Fibres in Ischaemic Stroke Patients with Hemiplegia.
Functional MRI study of feedback-based reinforcement learning in depression
An exploratory study of functional brain activation underlying response inhibition in major depressive disorder and borderline personality disorder
Shaping the risk for late-life neurodegenerative disease: A systematic review on prenatal risk factors for Alzheimer's disease-related volumetric brain biomarkers.
Treatment-induced neural reorganization in aphasia is language-domain specific: Evidence from a large-scale fMRI study.
Emotion regulation in young adults with family history of harmful alcohol use: A fMRI study.
Longitudinal associations between adolescent catch-up sleep, white-matter maturation and internalizing problems☆
Neural correlates of impulse control behaviors in Parkinson’s disease: Analysis of multimodal imaging data
Cerebellar gray matter alterations predict deep brain stimulation outcomes in Meige syndrome
Abnormal white matter integrity in Papez circuit in first-episode medication-naive adults with anxious depression: A combined voxel-based analysis and region of interest study.
Neurochemical and functional reorganization of the cognitive-ear link underlies cognitive impairment in presbycusis.
Task-based functional connectivity identifies two segregated networks underlying intentional action.
The precuneus as a central node in declarative memory retrieval.
Differential Orbitofrontal Cortex Responses to Chocolate Images While Performing an Approach–Avoidance Task in the MRI Environment
Weaving a story: Narrative formation over prolonged time scales engages social cognition and frontoparietal networks.
Responsiveness variability during anaesthesia relates to inherent differences in brain structure and function of the frontoparietal networks
Activation likelihood estimation identifies brain regions activated during puncturing at Hegu in healthy volunteers: A meta-analysis
Cerebellar gray matter volume changes in patients with schizophrenia: A voxel-based meta-analysis
A systematic review of the neural correlates of well-being reveals no consistent associations.
Neuroimaging mechanisms in short-term heroin- and methamphetamine-abstinent users: Similarities and differences.
Structural and functional MRI correlates of inflammation in bipolar disorder: A systematic review.
Lesion location across diagnostic regions in multiple sclerosis.
True grit and brain: Trait grit mediates the connection of DLPFC functional connectivity density to posttraumatic growth following COVID-19
Connectomic disturbances in Duchenne muscular dystrophy with mild cognitive impairment.
Overactivation of posterior insular, postcentral and temporal regions during preserved experience of envy in autism.
Altered intrinsic cerebellar-cerebral functional connectivity is related to negative symptoms in patients with first-episode psychosis.
Fear in the mind’s eye: the neural correlates of differential fear acquisition to imagined conditioned stimuli
Cortical areas involved in grasping and reaching actions with and without visual information: An ALE meta-analysis of neuroimaging studies
Meta-analytic connectivity modelling of functional magnetic resonance imaging studies in autism spectrum disorders
Exogenous testosterone administration is associated with differential neural response to unfamiliar peer’s and own caregiver’s voice in transgender adolescents
Quantitative morphometric changes in vascular mild cognitive impairment patients: early diagnosis of dementia.
How Characters Are Learned Leaves Its Mark on the Neural Substrates of Chinese Reading
Neural decoding of music from the EEG
Individual brain regulation as learned via neurofeedback is related to affective changes in adolescents with autism spectrum disorder
Neural representations of the perception of handwritten digits and visual objects from a convolutional neural network compared to humans
F-FDG PET and a classifier algorithm reveal a characteristic glucose metabolic pattern in adult patients with moyamoya disease and vascular cognitive impairment.
Evidence for Spinozan "Unbelieving" in the Right Inferior Prefrontal Cortex.
Distinct neural representations of hand movement direction between motor imagery and execution in the presupplementary motor area.
The role of the orbitofrontal cortex in exercise addiction and exercise motivation: A brain imaging study based on multimodal magnetic resonance imaging.
Prolonged microgravity induces reversible and persistent changes on human cerebral connectivity
Altered anticipatory brain responses in eating disorders: A neuroimaging meta‐analysis
Right amygdala-right precuneus connectivity is associated with childhood trauma in major depression patients and healthy controls.
M1/precuneus ratio as a surrogate marker of upper motor neuron sign in ALS.
Brief diesel exhaust exposure acutely impairs functional brain connectivity in humans: a randomized controlled crossover study
Functional neuroanatomy of lexical access in contextually and visually guided spoken word production.
Integrating functional neuroimaging and serum proteins improves the diagnosis of major depressive disorder.
Shared and distinct patterns of dynamic functional connectivity variability of thalamo-cortical circuit in bipolar depression and major depressive disorder.
Neural correlates of psychodynamic and non-psychodynamic therapies in different clinical populations through fMRI: A meta-analysis and systematic review
Ketamine-induced hippocampal functional connectivity alterations associated with clinical remission in major depression.
Neural activation to infant cry among Latina and non-Latina White mothers.
Linking Impulsivity to Activity Levels in Pre-Supplementary Motor Area during Sequential Gambling
The optimal balance of controlled and spontaneous processing in insight problem solving: fMRI evidence from Chinese idiom guessing.
Cardiac and Gastric Interoceptive Awareness Have Distinct Neural Substrates
Brain activity during a working memory task after daily caffeine intake and caffeine withdrawal: a randomized double-blind placebo-controlled trial
Transcriptional substrates of brain structural and functional impairments in drug-naive first-episode patients with major depressive disorder.
Supramodal Representation of the Sense of Body Ownership in the Human Parieto-Premotor and Extrastriate Cortices
Altered default mode network causal connectivity patterns in autism spectrum disorder revealed by Liang information flow analysis
White matter microstructure in face and body networks predicts facial expression and body posture perception across development
Effect of regional intrinsic activity following two kinds of theta burst stimulation on precuneus
Increased top-down control of emotions during symptom provocation working memory tasks following a RCT of alpha-down neurofeedback in PTSD
Gray matter alterations in adolescent major depressive disorder and adolescent bipolar disorder.
Dysfunction of the Lenticular Nucleus Is Associated with Dystonia in Wilson’s Disease
Altered Fractional Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuation in Anxious Parkinson’s Disease
Neurocognitive Endophenotypes for Eating Disorders: A Preliminary High-Risk Family Study
The Role of the Left Inferior Frontal Gyrus in Introspection during Verbal Communication
Eyes-Open and Eyes-Closed Resting State Network Connectivity Differences
Altered Functional Connectivity Density in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus with and without Mild Cognitive Impairment
Impaired Non-Selective Response Inhibition in Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder
A Voxel-Based Morphometric Study of Gray Matter in Specific Phobia
Personalized Dietary Advice to Increase Protein Intake in Older Adults Does Not Affect the Gut Microbiota, Appetite or Central Processing of Food Stimuli in Community-Dwelling Older Adults: A Six-Month Randomized Controlled Trial
The generalization of behavioral control over physical threats to social stressors in humans: A pilot fMRI study.
Molecular imaging of the association between serotonin degeneration and beta-amyloid deposition in mild cognitive impairment
Neural correlates of neuroticism: A coordinate-based meta-analysis of resting-state functional brain imaging studies.
MC-RVAE: Multi-channel recurrent variational autoencoder for multimodal Alzheimer's disease progression modelling.
Meta-analysis of structural and functional alterations of brain in patients with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder
Relationship between gray matter structure and age in children and adolescents with high-functioning autism spectrum disorder
Bilingualism and creativity across development: Evidence from divergent thinking and convergent thinking
Selectivity of timing: A meta-analysis of temporal processing in neuroimaging studies using activation likelihood estimation and reverse inference
Ethnicity, minority status, and inter-group bias: A systematic meta-analysis on fMRI studies
Altered spontaneous brain activity during dobutamine challenge in healthy young adults: A resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Abnormal functional connectivity of the frontostriatal circuits in type 2 diabetes mellitus
Mild behavioral impairment linked to progression to Alzheimer’s disease and cortical thinning in amnestic mild cognitive impairment
Olfactory functional covariance connectivity in Parkinson’s disease: Evidence from a Chinese population
Decreased default mode network functional connectivity with visual processing regions as potential biomarkers for delayed neurocognitive recovery: A resting-state fMRI study and machine-learning analysis
Preoperative pain hypersensitivity is associated with axial pain after posterior cervical spinal surgeries in degenerative cervical myelopathy patients: a preliminary resting-state fMRI study
A study on alterations in functional activity in migraineurs during the interictal period
Neural substrates of continuous and discrete inhibitory control
Relational vs representational social cognitive processing: a coordinate-based meta-analysis of neuroimaging data
Connectome-based predictive modeling of trait forgiveness
Neurofunctional differences and similarities between persistent postural-perceptual dizziness and anxiety disorder
Gray matter differences associated with menopausal hormone therapy in menopausal women: a DARTEL-based VBM study
Alterations of degree centrality and functional connectivity in classic trigeminal neuralgia
Identification of chronic mild traumatic brain injury using resting state functional MRI and machine learning techniques
Potential dynamic regional brain biomarkers for early discrimination of autism and language development delay in toddlers
Frequency-dependent functional alterations in people living with HIV with early stage of HIV-associated neurocognitive disorder
Evaluation of altered brain activity in type 2 diabetes using various indices of brain function: A resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Changes in hemodynamic response function components reveal specific changes in neurovascular coupling in type 2 diabetes
Aberrant neurovascular coupling in Leber’s hereditary optic neuropathy: Evidence from a multi-model MRI analysis
Neural correlates of emotion acceptance and suppression in borderline personality disorder
Foundations of human spatial problem solving
Clinical features and biomarkers of semantic variant primary progressive aphasia with MAPT mutation
Associations between abnormal spontaneous neural activity and clinical variables, eye movements, and event-related potential indicators in major depressive disorder
Continuous theta burst stimulation-induced suppression of the right fronto-thalamic-cerebellar circuit accompanies improvement in language performance in poststroke aphasia: A resting-state fMRI study
Spontaneous brain activity in healthy aging: An overview through fluctuations and regional homogeneity
Desynchronized white matter function and structure in drug-naive first-episode major depressive disorder patients
T /T ratio from 3T MRI improves multiple sclerosis cortical lesion contrast.
Gesture meaning modulates the neural correlates of effector-specific imitation deficits in left hemisphere stroke
Evidence of functional abnormalities in the default mode network in bipolar depression: A coordinate-based activation likelihood estimation meta-analysis.
Blunted Expected Reward Value Signals in Binge Alcohol Drinkers
The interaction between first-episode drug-naïve schizophrenia and age based on gray matter volume and its molecular analysis: a multimodal magnetic resonance imaging study.
The autism spectrum among transgender youth: default mode functional connectivity.
Involvement of the posterior tool processing network during explicit retrieval of action tool and semantic tool knowledge: an fMRI study.
Sex moderates family history of alcohol use disorder and childhood maltreatment effects on an fMRI stop‐signal task
Shared neural representations and temporal segmentation of political content predict ideological similarity.
Cognitive domain-independent aberrant frontoparietal network strength in individuals with excessive smartphone use.
Cortical Patterns Shift from Sequence Feature Separation during Planning to Integration during Motor Execution
Structural inequities contribute to racial/ethnic differences in neurophysiological tone, but not threat reactivity, after trauma exposure
Functional neuroanatomy of reading in Czech: Evidence of a dual-route processing architecture in a shallow orthography
Dysfunctional cerebello-cerebral network associated with vocal emotion recognition impairments
Shared grey matter correlates of reading and attention
Experiencing sweet taste is associated with an increase in prosocial behavior
Language combinations of multilinguals are reflected in their first-language knowledge and processing
Human threat circuits: Threats of pain, aggressive conspecific, and predator elicit distinct BOLD activations in the amygdala and hypothalamus
Temporal discounting for self and friends in adolescence: A fMRI study
High levels of childhood trauma associated with changes in hippocampal functional activity and connectivity in young adults during novelty salience
Functional differences in cerebral activation between slow wave-coupled and uncoupled sleep spindles
Aberrant resting-state regional activity in patients with postpartum depression
Right hemisphere brain lateralization for knee proprioception among right-limb dominant individuals
Neural basis of dysphagia in stroke: A systematic review and meta-analysis
Neural Substrates of Aphasia in Acute Left Hemispheric Stroke Using Voxel-Based Lesion-symptom Brain Mapping
The impact of aging on morphometric changes in the cerebellum: A voxel-based morphometry study
Altered Functional Activity and Functional Connectivity of Seed Regions Based on ALFF Following Acupuncture Treatment in Patients with Stroke Sequelae with Unilateral Limb Numbness
Neural bases of loss aversion when choosing for oneself versus known or unknown others.
Disordered network structure and function in dystonia: pathological connectivity vs. adaptive responses.
Electroacupuncture alleviates pain after total knee arthroplasty through regulating neuroplasticity: A resting‐state functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Error observation as a window on performance monitoring in social contexts? A systematic review.
Examination of common and unique brain regions for atypical reading and math: a meta-analysis.
The effect of Bafa Wubu of Tai Chi on college students’ anxiety and depression: A randomized, controlled pilot study
Gray matter asymmetry atypical patterns in subgrouping minors with autism based on core symptoms
Altered dynamic functional architecture in type 2 diabetes mellitus
The Static and dynamic functional connectivity characteristics of the left temporoparietal junction region in schizophrenia patients with auditory verbal hallucinations during low-frequency rTMS treatment
Concordance between focal brain temperature elevations and focal edema in temporal lobe epilepsy.
Aberrant resting-state functional connectivity associated with childhood trauma among juvenile offenders
Stressor-Specific Sex Differences in Amygdala–Frontal Cortex Networks
Spatiotemporal Alterations in Working Memory-Related Beta Band Neuromagnetic Activity of Patients With Schizophrenia On and Off Antipsychotic Medication: Investigation With MEG.
Brain structural changes in patients with chronic methylmercury poisoning in Minamata.
Neuroimaging-Derived Biomarkers of the Antidepressant Effects of Ketamine.
Mood Variability, Craving, and Substance Use Disorders: From Intrinsic Brain Network Connectivity to Daily Life Experience.
Depression mediated the relationships between precentral-subcortical causal links and motor recovery in spinal cord injury patients.
Neural correlates of overvaluation and the effort to save possessions in a novel decision task: An exploratory fMRI study
Brain function effects of autonomous sensory meridian response (ASMR) video viewing
Multiple examinations indicated associations between abnormal regional homogeneity and cognitive dysfunction in major depressive disorder
The effects of acupuncture therapy in migraine: An activation likelihood estimation meta-analysis
Pre- and post-task resting-state differs in clinical populations
To Do or Not to Do: The cerebellum and neocortex contribute to predicting sequences of social intentions
Poorer sleep health is associated with altered brain activation during cognitive control processing in healthy adults.
Posterior cingulate cortex targeted real‐time fMRI neurofeedback recalibrates functional connectivity with the amygdala, posterior insula, and default‐mode network in PTSD
The effects of stimulating the cerebellum on social sequences: A tDCS-fMRI pilot study
Altered brain activities in mesocorticolimbic pathway in primary dysmenorrhea patients of long-term menstrual pain
A Preliminary Investigation into the Neural Correlates of Knee Loading during a Change of Direction Task in Individuals after Anterior Cruciate Ligament Reconstruction
Decreased degree centrality values as a potential neuroimaging biomarker for migraine: A resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study and support vector machine analysis
Overlapping and unique brain responses to cognitive and response inhibition.
Thalamocortical functional connectivity in youth with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder
Parental education, cognition and functional connectivity of the salience network
Resting state neurophysiology of agonist-antagonist myoneural interface in persons with transtibial amputation
Odor imagery but not perception drives risk for food cue reactivity and increased adiposity
Alterations in EEG functional connectivity in individuals with depression: A systematic review.
Neural mechanisms of perceptual and affective body-image disturbance during own-body and ideal-body estimation.
Neural Substrates of Body Ownership and Agency during Voluntary Movement
Temporal dynamics of cerebral blood flow during the first year after moderate-severe traumatic brain injury: A longitudinal perfusion MRI study
Changes in brain gray matter volume in nasopharyngeal carcinoma patients after radiotherapy in long-term follow-up
Associations between N-Acetylaspartate and white matter integrity in individuals with schizophrenia and unaffected relatives.
Dysfunctions associated with the intraparietal sulcus and a distributed network in individuals with math learning difficulties: An ALE meta‐analysis
Dynamics of working memory process revealed by independent component analysis in an fMRI study
Neurobiological correlates and attenuated positive social intention attribution during laughter perception associated with degree of autistic traits
Alteration of the cortical morphology in classical trigeminal neuralgia: voxel-, deformation-, and surface-based analysis
Anxiety attenuates learning advantages conferred by statistical stability and induces loss of volatility‐attuning in brain activity
Top-down and bottom-up alterations of connectivity patterns of the suprachiasmatic nucleus in chronic insomnia disorder.
The frontoparietal multiple demand network interacts with the dual pathways in auditory working memory.
Alterations in regional homogeneity and multiple frequency amplitudes of low-frequency fluctuation in patients with new daily persistent headache: a resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Disrupted resting-state functional connectivity of the thalamus in patients with coronary heart disease
Frequency-Dependent Alterations in the Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuations in Patients with Acute Pericoronitis: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Study of gray matter atrophy pattern with subcortical ischemic vascular disease-vascular cognitive impairment no dementia based on structural magnetic resonance imaging
Remodeling of the brain correlates with gait instability in cervical spondylotic myelopathy
From study abroad to study at home: Spontaneous neuronal activity predicts depressive symptoms in overseas students during the COVID-19 pandemic
Functional connectivity of the amygdala and the antidepressant and antisuicidal effects of repeated ketamine infusions in major depressive disorder
Altered dynamic functional connectivity in the primary visual cortex in patients with primary angle-closure glaucoma
Exploration of static functional connectivity and dynamic functional connectivity alterations in the primary visual cortex among patients with high myopia via seed-based functional connectivity analysis
Differential neural reward reactivity in response to food advertising medium in children
Neuroanatomical and neurocognitive changes associated with subjective cognitive decline
Demonstration of chewing-related areas in the brain via functional magnetic resonance imaging
Age- and sex-related differences in cortical morphology and their relationships with cognitive performance in healthy middle-aged and older adults
Changes in brain structure and related functional connectivity during menstruation in women with primary dysmenorrhea
Towards an optimization of functional localizers in non-human primate neuroimaging with (fMRI) frequency-tagging.
Subcortical contributions to salience network functioning during negative emotional processing.
Genetic variations in DOCK4 contribute to schizophrenia susceptibility in a Chinese cohort: A genetic neuroimaging study.
Exploring impaired self-awareness of motor symptoms in Parkinson’s disease: Resting-state fMRI correlates and the connection to mindfulness
Interhemispheric parietal cortex connectivity reflects improvement in post-stroke spasticity due to treatment with botulinum toxin-A.
Your smile won’t affect me: Association between childhood maternal antipathy and adult neural reward function in a transdiagnostic sample
The Cerebellum Gets Social: Evidence from an Exploratory Study of Cerebellar, Neurodevelopmental, and Psychiatric Disorders
Brain Degeneration in Synucleinopathies Based on Analysis of Cognition and Other Nonmotor Features: A Multimodal Imaging Study
Decreased ALFF and Functional Connectivity of the Thalamus in Vestibular Migraine Patients
Neural Correlates of Impaired Cognitive Control in Individuals with Methamphetamine Dependence: An fMRI Study
Differences in Gray Matter Volume in Cerebral Small Vessel Disease Patients with and without Sleep Disturbance
Altered Spontaneous Brain Activity in Poststroke Aphasia: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Applying Retinal Vascular Structures Characteristics Coupling with Cortical Visual System in Alzheimer’s Disease Spectrum Patients
Altered Language-Related Effective Connectivity in Patients with Benign Childhood Epilepsy with Centrotemporal Spikes
Visual Hallucinations in Psychosis: The Curious Absence of the Primary Visual Cortex.
Unbalanced amygdala communication in major depressive disorder.
Association between decreased interhemispheric functional connectivity of the insula and duration of illness in recurrent depression.
Coevolution of language and tools in the human brain: An ALE meta-analysis of neural activation during syntactic processing and tool use.
A framework for brain tumor detection based on segmentation and features fusion using MRI images.
Linking individual variability in functional brain connectivity to polygenic risk in major depressive disorder.
Therapeutic interventions impact brain function and promote post-traumatic growth in adults living with post-traumatic stress disorder: A systematic review and meta-analysis of functional magnetic resonance imaging studies
Neurofeedback-dependent influence of the ventral striatum using a working memory paradigm targeting the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex
Adaptive neuroplasticity in the default mode network contributing to absence of central sensitization in primary dysmenorrhea
Effects of primary angle-closure glaucoma on interhemispheric functional connectivity
Spatiotemporal profile of altered neural reactivity to food images in obesity: Reward system is altered automatically and predicts efficacy of weight loss intervention
The impact of iron deposition on the fear circuit of the brain in patients with Parkinson’s disease and anxiety
Gray matter reduction is associated with cognitive dysfunction in depressed patients comorbid with subclinical hypothyroidism
Mixed emotions to social situations: An fMRI investigation.
A meta‐analysis of the neural substrates of monetary reward anticipation and outcome in alcohol use disorder
Resting‐state functional alterations in patients with brain arteriovenous malformations involving language areas
Neural responses to instructed positive couple interaction: an fMRI study on compliment sharing
Neuroplasticity Following Stroke from a Functional Laterality Perspective: A fNIRS Study.
Altered functional coupling between the cerebellum and cerebrum in patients with amnestic mild cognitive impairment.
Impact of childhood trauma on the abnormal functional connectivity of brain regions in the fear network model of panic disorder.
Abnormal cerebellum connectivity patterns related to motor subtypes of Parkinson’s disease
Brain activity associated with taste stimulation: A mechanism for neuroplastic change?
Failure of deactivation in bipolar disorder during performance of an fMRI adapted version of the Stroop task.
The relationship between depressive symptoms and cognitive function in Alzheimer's disease: The mediating effect of amygdala functional connectivity and radiomic features.
Cognitive Control System Gates Insula Processing of Affective Stimuli in Early Psychosis
Patterns of Visual Task-based Functional MRI Activation in Chronic Posterior Cerebral Artery Stroke Patients
Information transmission velocity-based dynamic hierarchical brain networks.
The link between static and dynamic brain functional network connectivity and genetic risk of Alzheimer's disease
Assessment of brain imaging and cognitive function in a modified rhesus monkey model of depression.
The role of the cerebellum in sequencing and predicting social and non-social events in patients with bipolar disorder
Neuroplasticity in F16 fighter jet pilots
Abnormal resting-state functional connectivity underlies cognitive and clinical symptoms in patients with schizophrenia
Sincere praise and flattery: reward value and association with the praise-seeking trait
Alteration of brain network centrality in CTN patients after a single triggering pain
Altered frontoparietal activity in acoustic startle priming tasks during reticulospinal tract facilitation: An fNIRS study
Semantic knowledge of social interactions is mediated by the hedonic evaluation system in the brain.
Resting-state neural mechanisms of capability for suicide and their interaction with pain - A CAN-BIND-05 Study.
Evaluation of visual food stimuli paradigms on healthy adolescents for future use in fMRI studies in anorexia nervosa
Aberrant olfactory network functional connectivity in people with olfactory dysfunction following COVID-19 infection: an exploratory, observational study
Neural correlates of gait adaptation in younger and older adults
Modulation effects of different treatments on periaqueductal gray resting state functional connectivity in knee osteoarthritis knee pain patients
Disassociation between fluctuation shift over frequency and glucose metabolism in motor cortex of Parkinson's disease: a hybrid PET/fMRI study.
Functional connectivity between pre-supplementary motor area and inferior parietal lobule associated with impaired motor response inhibition in first-degree relatives of patients with obsessive-compulsive disorder.
A Meta-Analysis of Neural Correlates of Reward Anticipation in Individuals at Clinical Risk for Schizophrenia
Changes in neural responses during affective and non-affective tasks and improvement of posttraumatic stress disorder symptoms following trauma-focused psychotherapy
The widespread action observation/execution matching system for facial expression processing
The involvement of spontaneous brain activity in natural recovery from internet gaming disorder: A resting-state fMRI study
Typicality in the brain during semantic and episodic memory decisions.
Physical Activity Alters Functional Connectivity of Orbitofrontal Cortex Subdivisions in Healthy Young Adults: A Longitudinal fMRI Study
The angular gyrus serves as an interface between the non-lexical reading network and the semantic system: evidence from dynamic causal modeling
Diminished reinforcement sensitivity in adolescence is associated with enhanced response switching and reduced coding of choice probability in the medial frontal pole.
Free-Water Diffusion Magnetic Resonance Imaging Differentiates Suicidal Ideation From Suicide Attempt in Treatment-Resistant Depression.
Assessing Cerebral Oxygen Metabolism Changes in Patients With Preeclampsia Using Voxel-Based Morphometry of Oxygen Extraction Fraction Maps in Magnetic Resonance Imaging
Functional and structural alterations as diagnostic imaging markers for depression in de novo Parkinson’s disease
Enhanced intrinsic functional connectivity in the visual system of visual artist: Implications for creativity
Hemispheric dissociations in regions supporting auditory sentence comprehension in older adults
The relationship between cardiovascular risk and lifestyle activities on hippocampal volumes in normative aging
In vivo Brain Estrogen Receptor Expression By Neuroendocrine Aging And Relationships With Gray Matter Volume, Bio-Energetics, and Clinical Symptomatology
PASSED: Brain atrophy in non-demented individuals in a long-term longitudinal study from two independent cohorts
A simultaneous EEG-fMRI study of thalamic load-dependent working memory delay period activity
Behavioural subphenotypes and their anatomic correlates in neurodegenerative disease
Neural correlates of emotional valence for faces and words
The neurocognitive basis of Chinese idiomatic constructions and processing differences between native speakers and L2 learners of Mandarin
Larger dlPFC and vmPFC grey matter volumes are associated with high adherence to the Mediterranean diet: A cross-sectional study in older adults
Hearing loss is associated with gray matter differences in older adults at risk for and with Alzheimer’s disease
Exposure to hate speech deteriorates neurocognitive mechanisms of the ability to understand others’ pain
The influence of culture and cognitive reserve on the clinical presentation of behavioural-variant frontotemporal dementia
Regional homogeneity alterations in multifrequency bands in patients with extracranial multi-organ tuberculosis: a prospective cross-sectional study
Connectivity alterations of mesostriatal pathways in first episode psychosis
Nonsymbolic Numerosity Maps at the Occipitotemporal Cortex Respond to Symbolic Numbers
Increased low frequency fluctuation in the brain after acupuncture treatment in CSVDCI patients: A randomized control trial study
Association between childhood trauma and white matter deficits in first-episode schizophrenia.
Multivariate analysis differentiates intertemporal choices in both value and cognitive control network
Altered structural connectome of children with auditory processing disorder: a diffusion MRI study
A spectral sampling algorithm in dynamic causal modelling for resting‐state fMRI
Depression core network-based individualized targeting for transcranial magnetic stimulation
Tinnitus-frequency specific activity and connectivity: A MEG study
Fractional amplitude of low‐frequency fluctuation changes of specific cerebral regions in patients with toothache: A functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Brain mechanism of unfamiliar and familiar voice processing: an activation likelihood estimation meta-analysis
Response inhibition in children with different subtypes/presentations of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder: A near-infrared spectroscopy study
Resting-state abnormalities in functional connectivity of the default mode network in migraine: A meta-analysis
Brain activation in individuals suffering from bulimia nervosa and control subjects during sweet and sour taste stimuli
The clinical, neuropsychological, and brain functional characteristics of the ADHD restrictive inattentive presentation
A new approach to digitized cognitive monitoring: validity of the SelfCog in Huntington’s disease
Perspective changes in human listeners are aligned with the contextual transformation of the word embedding space.
Quantifying morphometric and adaptive characteristics of indigenous cattle genetic resources in northwest Ethiopia
The architecture of abnormal reward behaviour in dementia: multimodal hedonic phenotypes and brain substrate
Spontaneous changes in brain network centrality in patients with pathological myopia: A voxel‐wise degree centrality analysis
Functional and structural alterations of dorsal attention network in preclinical and early‐stage Alzheimer's disease
Elucidating medial temporal and frontal lobe contributions to approach-avoidance conflict decision-making using functional MRI and the hierarchical drift diffusion model.
Neural Correlates of Formal Thought Disorder Dimensions in Psychosis
PTSD and comorbid MDD is associated with activation of the right frontoparietal network
The Role of Unawareness, Volition, and Neural Hyperconnectivity in Alcohol Use Disorder: A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study.
Aging-related changes in reward-based decision-making depend on punishment frequency: An fMRI study
Automatic adaptive emotion regulation is associated with lower emotion-related activation in the frontoparietal cortex and other cortical regions with multi-componential organization
The inferior frontal gyrus spontaneous activity mediates the association of early life adversity with self-control ability in late adolescents.
Cognitive, Behavioral, and Circadian Rhythm Interventions for Insomnia Alter Emotional Brain Responses.
Common and exclusive spontaneous neural activity patterns underlying pure generalized anxiety disorder and comorbid generalized anxiety disorder and depression.
Daily artificial gravity is associated with greater neural efficiency during sensorimotor adaptation.
Extended and replicated white matter changes in obesity: Voxel-based and region of interest meta-analyses of diffusion tensor imaging studies
Recognition of Facial Emotion Expressions in Patients with Depressive Disorders: A Functional MRI Study
O hand, where art thou? Mapping hand location across the visual field during common activities
Abnormal functional neurocircuitry underpinning emotional processing in fibromyalgia
Distraction and cognitive control independently impact parietal and prefrontal response to pain
Both fine-grained and coarse-grained spatial patterns of neural activity measured by functional MRI show preferential encoding of pain in the human brain.
Neural reactivity to neutral and aversive stimuli: Evidence for altered precuneus function in internalizing psychopathologies.
Frequency-dependent alterations in regional homogeneity associated with puberty hormones in girls with central precocious puberty: A resting-state fMRI study.
Can the aberrant occipital-cerebellum network be a predictor of treatment in panic disorder?
A frontoparietal network for volitional control of gaze following.
Altered neuroimaging patterns of cerebellum and cognition underlying the gait and balance dysfunction in cerebral small vessel disease
Alterations in white matter integrity and network topological properties are associated with a decrease in global motion perception in older adults
Neuroanatomical correlates of system-justifying ideologies: a pre-registered voxel-based morphometry study on right-wing authoritarianism and social dominance orientation
Electroacupuncture and manual acupuncture at LR3 and ST36 have attenuating effects on hypertension and subsequent cognitive dysfunction in spontaneously hypertensive rats: A preliminary resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Effects of television viewing on brain structures and risk of dementia in the elderly: Longitudinal analyses
Intrinsic brain abnormalities in chronic rhinosinusitis associated with mood and cognitive function
The relationship between childhood emotional neglect experience and depressive symptoms and prefrontal resting functional connections in college students: The mediating role of reappraisal strategy
Altruistic responses to the most vulnerable involve sensorimotor processes
Effect of acupuncture on the modulation of functional brain regions in migraine: A meta-analysis of fMRI studies
Neurofunctional Correlates of Activities of Daily Living in Patients with Posterior Cortical Atrophy
Single‐value scores of memory‐related brain activity reflect dissociable neuropsychological and anatomical signatures of neurocognitive aging
Altered brain entropy and functional connectivity patterns in generalized anxiety disorder patients.
Can the Brain Strategically Go on Automatic Pilot? The Effect of If-Then Planning on Behavioral Flexibility.
Structural alterations of the salience network in patients with insular glioma
Word Structure Tunes Electrophysiological and Hemodynamic Responses in the Frontal Cortex
Social Touch Reduces Pain Perception—An fMRI Study of Cortical Mechanisms
Verification of the Four-Stage Model of Humor Processing: Evidence from an fMRI Study by Three-Element Verbal Jokes
Effects of Combined Intervention of rTMS and Neurotransmitter Drugs on the Brain Functional Networks in Patients with Cognitive Impairment
Entorhinal Cortex Functional Connectivity during Item Long-Term Memory and the Role of Sex
Brain Correlates of Eating Disorders in Response to Food Visual Stimuli: A Systematic Narrative Review of FMRI Studies
Altered Postcentral Connectivity after Sleep Deprivation Correlates to Impaired Risk Perception: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Functional Activity in the Effect of Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation Therapy for Patients with Depression: A Meta-Analysis
The effect of background liked music on acute pain perception and its neural correlates
Right Posterior Hypometabolism in Pisa Syndrome of Parkinson's Disease: A Key to Explain Body Schema Perception Deficit?
Rich-club connectivity and structural connectome organization in youth at clinical high-risk for psychosis and individuals with early illness schizophrenia.
Alzheimer's and vascular disease classification using regional texture biomarkers in FLAIR MRI.
Distinct and shared therapeutic neural mechanisms of mindfulness-based and social support stress reduction groups in adults with autism spectrum disorder
Effects of glabellar botulinum toxin injections on resting-state functional connectivity in borderline personality disorder.
Resting-state functional connectivity in multiple sclerosis patients receiving nabiximols for spasticity
Identification of Homogeneous Subgroups from Resting-State fMRI Data
Occupation-modulated language networks and its lateralization: A resting-state fMRI study of seafarers
Distance-dependent reconfiguration of hubs in Alzheimer’s disease: a cross-tissue functional network study
Trait repetitive negative thinking in depression is associated with functional connectivity in negative thinking state rather than resting state
Neural correlates of the attention training technique as used in metacognitive therapy – A randomized sham-controlled fMRI study in healthy volunteers
Emotion processing in youths with conduct problems: an fMRI meta-analysis
Why people hesitate to help: Neural correlates of the counter-dynamics of altruistic helping and individual differences in daily helping tendencies
Pre-treatment functional connectivity of the cingulate cortex predicts anti-suicidal effects of serial ketamine infusions
Rethinking recovery in adolescent concussions: Network‐level functional connectivity alterations associated with motor deficits
Overlapping but separate number representations in the intraparietal sulcus-Probing format- and modality-independence in sighted Braille readers.
It is a matter of perspective: Attentional focus rather than dietary restraint drives brain responses to food stimuli.
Associations between thalamocortical functional connectivity and sensory over-responsivity in infants at high likelihood for ASD.
Dynamic network reorganization underlying neuroplasticity: the deficits-severity-related language network dynamics in patients with left hemispheric gliomas involving language network.
Research on brain functions related to visual information processing and body coordination function of pilots based on the low-frequency amplitude method
Increased spontaneous activity of the superior frontal gyrus with reduced functional connectivity to visual attention areas and cerebellum in male smokers
Traditional Chinese Manual Therapy (Tuina) reshape the function of default mode network in patients with lumbar disc herniation
Examining resting-state network connectivity in children exposed to perinatal maternal adversity using anatomically weighted functional connectivity (awFC) analyses; A preliminary report
An fMRI study of visual geometric shapes processing
Altered static and dynamic spontaneous neural activity in patients with ischemic pontine stroke
Cerebral cortical hemodynamic metrics to aid in assessing pain levels? A pilot study of functional near-infrared spectroscopy
Striatum-related spontaneous coactivation patterns predict treatment response on positive symptoms of drug-naive first-episode schizophrenia with risperidone monotherapy
Examination of brain area volumes based on voxel-based morphometry and multidomain cognitive impairment in asymptomatic unilateral carotid artery stenosis
Disorder-specific cingulo-opercular network hyperconnectivity in pediatric OCD relative to pediatric anxiety
Impaired self-awareness of cognitive deficits in Parkinson's disease relates to cingulate cortex dysfunction
Abnormal degree centrality can be a potential imaging biomarker in first-episode, drug-naive bipolar mania
Abnormal global signal topography of self modulates emotion dysregulation in major depressive disorder
Higher body weight-dependent neural activation during reward processing
Disrupted multi-scale topological organization of directed functional brain networks in patients with disorders of consciousness
Mapping the modulating effect of transcutaneous auricular vagus nerve stimulation on voxel-based analyses in patients with first-episode major depressive disorder: a resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Aberrant Brain Dynamics in Schizophrenia During Working Memory Task: Evidence From a Replication Functional MRI Study.
Different kinds of simulation during literary reading: Insights from a combined fMRI and eye-tracking study.
Non-literal language processing is jointly supported by the language and theory of mind networks: Evidence from a novel meta-analytic fMRI approach.
Brain volumetric correlates of electroconvulsive therapy versus transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant depression.
Cortical amyloid-beta burden is associated with changes in intracortical myelin in cognitively normal older adults
Flight training changes the brain functional pattern in cadets
The influence of high worry on static and dynamic insular functional connectivity
Alterations in Human Hippocampus Subregions across the Lifespan: Reflections on White Matter Structure and Functional Connectivity
Comparative study of magnetic resonance imaging-based neuroimaging methods in older adults with depression.
Effect of HD-tDCS on white matter integrity and associated cognitive function in chronic schizophrenia: A double-blind, sham-controlled randomized trial.
The Self-Concept Is Represented in the Medial Prefrontal Cortex in Terms of Self-Importance
Disruptions of default mode network and precuneus connectivity associated with cognitive dysfunctions in tinnitus
Functional brain changes in sarcopenia: evidence for differential central neural mechanisms in dynapenic older women
Revealing robust neural correlates of conscious and unconscious visual processing: Activation likelihood estimation meta-analyses.
Being bold wisely: neural substrates underlying ability to exploit risk.
Abnormal intra- and inter-network functional connectivity of brain networks in early-onset Parkinson’s disease and late-onset Parkinson’s disease
Meta-analysis of structural and functional brain alterations in internet gaming disorder
Altered isotropic volume fraction in gray matter after sleep deprivation and its association with visuospatial memory: A neurite orientation dispersion and density imaging study
Abnormal metabolic connectivity in default mode network of right temporal lobe epilepsy
Recovery of inhibitory control prefrontal cortex function in inpatients with heroin use disorder: a 15-week longitudinal fMRI study
Shared and differential fractional amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation patterns at rest in major depressive disorders with or without sleep disturbance
Improving fMRI in Parkinson's disease by accounting for brain region-specific activity patterns.
Dopamine differentially modulates medial temporal lobe activity and behavior during spatial navigation in young and older adults.
Cerebral hypoperfusion in post-COVID-19 cognitively impaired subjects revealed by arterial spin labeling MRI
The identification and cognitive correlation of perfusion patterns measured with arterial spin labeling MRI in Alzheimer’s disease
Influence of mild cognitive impairment and body mass index on white matter integrity assessed by diffusion tensor imaging.
Stronger functional connectivity during reading contextually predictable words in slow readers
Blast-Induced Neurotrauma Results in Spatially Distinct Gray Matter Alteration Alongside Hormonal Alteration: A Preliminary Investigation
Using support vector machine to explore the difference of function connection between deficit and non-deficit schizophrenia based on gray matter volume
Synergistic structural and functional alterations in the medial prefrontal cortex of patients with high-grade gliomas infiltrating the thalamus and the basal ganglia
Elevated serum platelet count inhibits the effects of brain functional changes on cognitive function in patients with mild cognitive impairment: A resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study
The relationship between resting‐state amplitude fluctuations and memory‐related deactivations of the default mode network in young and older adults
Altered cortical thickness and emotional dysregulation in adolescents with borderline personality disorder
Disrupted functional connectivity of the cerebellum with default mode and frontoparietal networks in young adults with major depressive disorder.
Brain structural changes in blindness: a systematic review and an anatomical likelihood estimation (ALE) meta-analysis.
Central Autonomic Network Alterations in Anorexia Nervosa Following Peripheral Adrenergic Stimulation.
Changes in dynamic and static brain fluctuation distinguish minimal hepatic encephalopathy and cirrhosis patients and predict the severity of liver damage
Structural and functional activities of brain in patients with vascular cognitive impairment: A case-controlled magnetic resonance imaging study
Dissociation and integration of outcome and state uncertainty signals in cognitive control
Imaging the lower limb network in Parkinson’s disease
Deciphering Functional Connectivity Differences Between Motor Imagery and Execution of Target-Oriented Grasping.
Physical fitness is associated with neural activity during working memory performance in major depressive disorder
The human cerebellum in reward anticipation and outcome processing: An activation likelihood estimation meta-analysis.
Task difficulty modulates age-related differences in functional connectivity during word production.
Associations between resting‐state neural connectivity and positive affect in social anxiety disorder
The effects of intermittent theta burst stimulation of the unilateral cerebellar hemisphere on swallowing-related brain regions in healthy subjects
Electroacupuncture for psychogenic erectile dysfunction: A resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study exploring the alteration of fractional amplitude of low frequency fluctuation
Aberrant resting-state brain activity in Huntington's disease: A voxel-based meta-analysis
Cortical connectivity of cholinergic basal forebrain in Parkinson’s disease with mild cognitive impairment
Cortico-basal ganglia networks dysfunction associated with disease severity in patients with idiopathic blepharospasm
Neuroimaging and Neurocognitive Outcomes in Older Patients with Multiple Myeloma Treated with Chemotherapy and Autologous Stem Cell Transplantation
Evaluation of the cognitive outcome after out-of-hospital cardiac arrest: The role of thalamus.
Representation of the inferred relationships in a map‐like space
EEG mismatch responses in a multimodal roving stimulus paradigm provide evidence for probabilistic inference across audition, somatosensation, and vision
Cognition, body, and mind: A three‐in‐one coordinate‐based fMRI meta‐analysis on cognitive, physical, and meditative trainings
Electroconvulsive therapy induces remodeling of hippocampal co-activation with the default mode network in patients with depression
Neurocognitive bases of self-monitoring of inner speech in hallucination prone individuals
Neuroimaging mimics of anoxic brain injury: A review.
Recognizable rehabilitation movements of multiple unilateral upper limb: An fMRI study of motor execution and motor imagery.
Hungry for compliments? Ghrelin is not associated with neural responses to social rewards or their pleasantness
Neural and behavioral effects of parent training on emotion recognition in mothers rearing children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder
Altered gray matter volumes and plasma IL-6 level in major depressive disorder patients with suicidal ideation
Similar representation of names and faces in the network for person perception
Brain structural abnormalities and trait impulsivity in suicidal and non-suicidal patients with bipolar disorder.
Alteration of surface morphology and core features in adolescents with borderline personality disorder.
Repeated unilateral handgrip contractions alter functional connectivity and improve contralateral limb response times
Accurate corresponding fiber tract segmentation via FiberGeoMap learner with application to autism.
Brain connectivity during social exclusion differs depending on the closeness within a triad among older adults living in a village
Higher order diffusion imaging as a putative index of human sleep-related microstructural changes and glymphatic clearance.
Abnormal functional connectivity of the nucleus accumbens subregions mediates the association between anhedonia and major depressive disorder
Threat‐induced anxiety and selfishness in resource sharing: Behavioral and neural evidence
Reduced connectivity of the cognitive control neural network at rest in young adults who had their first drink of alcohol prior to age 18.
Neural correlates of Type A personality: Type A personality mediates the association of resting-state brain activity and connectivity with eating disorder symptoms.
Imaging the spin: Disentangling the core processes underlying mental rotation by network mapping of data from meta-analysis.
The effect of adverse childhood experiences on chronic pain and major depression in adulthood: a systematic review and meta-analysis
Habenula functional connectivity variability increases with disease severity in individuals with major depression.
An fMRI analysis of verbal and non-verbal working memory in people with a past history of opioid dependence
Real-time changes in brain activity during tibial nerve stimulation for overactive bladder: Evidence from functional near-infrared spectroscopy hype scanning
Brain dysconnectivity with heart failure
Severity related neuroanatomical and spontaneous functional activity alteration in adolescents with major depressive disorder
Opposite effects of estradiol and progesterone on woman's disgust processing
Coupling Between Hippocampal Parenchymal Fraction and Cortical Grey Matter Atrophy at Different Stages of Cognitive Decline
Rapid Effects of BCI-Based Attention Training on Functional Brain Connectivity in Poststroke Patients: A Pilot Resting-State fMRI Study
Accurate localization and coactivation profiles of the frontal eye field and inferior frontal junction: an ALE and MACM fMRI meta-analysis
Integration of simultaneous fMRI and EEG source localization in emotional decision problems.
Enhanced putamen functional connectivity underlies altered risky decision-making in age-related cognitive decline
The Scanner as the Stimulus: Deficient Gamma-BOLD Coupling in Schizophrenia at Rest.
Mapping the aberrant brain functional connectivity in new daily persistent headache: a resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Decreased gray matter volume and dynamic functional alterations in medicine-free obsessive-compulsive disorder
Brain structure and cortical activity changes of new daily persistent headache: multimodal evidence from MEG/sMRI
Resting state hyperconnectivity of the default mode network in schizophrenia and clinical high-risk state for psychosis.
Sensorimotor cortex activity during basketball dribbling and its relation to creativity
Diverging patterns of plasticity in the nucleus basalis of Meynert in early- and late-onset blindness
Hypothalamic Reactivity and Connectivity following Intravenous Glucose Administration
Resting-State EEG Connectivity at High-Frequency Bands and Attentional Performance Dysfunction in Stabilized Schizophrenia Patients
Exposure to Multicultural Context Affects Neural Response to Out-Group Faces: A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Age-Related Changes in Episodic Processing of Scenes: A Functional Activation and Connectivity Study
Effect of aging on the cerebral metabolic mechanism of electroacupuncture treatment in rats with traumatic brain injury
Brain motion networks predict head motion during rest- and task-fMRI
Nonlinear brain correlates of trait self-boundarylessness
Highlight results, don't hide them: Enhance interpretation, reduce biases and improve reproducibility.
Heart rate variability covaries with amygdala functional connectivity during voluntary emotion regulation.
Altered Functional Connectivity of the Nucleus Accumbens and Amygdala in Cyber Addiction: A Resting State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Patterns of Impaired Neurocognitive Performance on the Global Neuropsychological Assessment, and Their Brain Structural Correlates in Recent-onset and Chronic Schizophrenia
Reputation risk during dishonest social decision-making modulates anterior insular and cingulate cortex activity and connectivity
Multi-session tDCS paired with passive mobilisation of the thumb modulates thalamo-cortical coupling during command following in the healthy brain.
Neurobiological Clusters Are Associated with Trajectories of Overall Psychopathology in Youth.
The correlation of retinal neurodegeneration and brain degeneration in patients with Alzheimer’s disease using optical coherence tomography angiography and MRI
Motivational decline and proactive response under thermal environmental stress are related to emotion- and problem-focused coping, respectively: Questionnaire construction and fMRI study
The Effect of Swallowing Action Observation Therapy on Resting fMRI in Stroke Patients with Dysphagia
Prediction errors arising from switches between major and minor modes in music: An fMRI study.
Dysfunction of default mode network characterizes generalized anxiety disorder relative to social anxiety disorder and post-traumatic stress disorder.
A pharmacological challenge paradigm to assess neural signatures of script-elicited acute dissociation in women with post-traumatic stress disorder
Mentalizing in an economic games context is associated with enhanced activation and connectivity in the left temporoparietal junction
Increased functional connectivity of amygdala subregions in patients with drug-naïve panic disorder and without comorbidities
Traumatic brain injury alters the relationship between brain structure and episodic memory
Domain‐general and domain‐specific functional networks of Broca's area underlying language processing
Voxel based morphometry-detected white matter volume loss after multi-modality treatment in high grade glioma patients
Hyperacusis is associated with smaller gray matter volumes in the supplementary motor area
Backward masking reveals coarse-to-fine dynamics in human V1.
Preliminary findings on the effect of childhood trauma on the functional connectivity of the anterior cingulate cortex subregions in major depressive disorder
Methadone maintenance treatment alters couplings of default mode and salience networks in individuals with heroin use disorder: A longitudinal self-controlled resting-state fMRI study
Eigenvector Centrality Characterization on fMRI Data: Gender and Node Differences in Normal and ASD Subjects : Author name.
Whole brain surface-based morphometry and tract-based spatial statistics in migraine with aura patients: difference between pure visual and complex auras
Latent profiles of substance use, early life stress, and attention/externalizing problems and their association with neural correlates of reinforcement learning in adolescents
Exploring the acute effects of running on cerebral blood flow and food cue reactivity in healthy young men using functional magnetic resonance imaging
Neural response to stress differs by sex in young adulthood.
Consistent functional abnormalities in patients with postpartum depression.
Association of cerebellar and pre-motor cortex gray matter density with subjective intoxication and subjective response following acute alcohol intake
Altered Resting-State functional connectivity in the anterior and posterior hippocampus in Post-traumatic stress disorder: The central role of the anterior hippocampus
Functional MRI of inhibitory control processing in problematic mobile video gamers.
Thalamic network under wakefulness after sleep onset and its coupling with daytime fatigue in insomnia disorder: An EEG-fMRI study.
Regional microstructural differences in ADHD youth with and without a family history of bipolar I disorder.
Commonalities and differences in ECT-induced gray matter volume change between depression and schizophrenia
Older adults compensate for switch, but not mixing costs, relative to younger adults on an intrinsically cued task switching experiment
Functional and effective connectivity analysis of drug-resistant epilepsy: a resting-state fMRI analysis
The increased functional connectivity between the locus coeruleus and supramarginal gyrus in insomnia disorder with acupuncture modulation
A resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study of altered functional brain activity in cardiac arrest survivors with good neurological outcome
Altered resting‐state hippocampal functional connectivity in breast cancer survivors with chemotherapy‐induced amenorrhea
Circulating PACAP levels are associated with increased amygdala-default mode network resting-state connectivity in posttraumatic stress disorder.
Distinct Alterations in Central Pain Processing of Visceral and Somatic Pain in Quiescent Ulcerative Colitis Compared to Irritable Bowel Syndrome and Health
Identifying the neural correlates of anticipatory postural control: A novel fMRI paradigm
Strategic control of location and ordinal context in visual working memory.
Exploring the role of empathy in prolonged grief reactions to bereavement
Cortical hierarchy disorganization in major depressive disorder and its association with suicidality
Neuropharmacological computational analysis of longitudinal electroencephalograms in clozapine-treated patients with schizophrenia using hierarchical dynamic causal modeling.
Widespread Intra- and Inter-Network Dysconnectivity among Large-Scale Resting State Networks in Schizophrenia
Right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex volumetric reduction is associated with antidepressant effect of low-dose ketamine infusion: A randomized, double-blind, midazolam-controlled PET-MRI clinical trial.
The altered spontaneous neural activity in patients with Parkinson's disease and its predictive value for the motor improvement of deep brain stimulation
Neural circuit markers of familial risk for depression among healthy youth in the Adolescent Brain Cognitive Development (ABCD) Study.
Articulation-Function-Associated Cortical Developmental Changes in Patients with Cleft Lip and Palate
The Neural Signatures of Shame, Embarrassment, and Guilt: A Voxel-Based Meta-Analysis on Functional Neuroimaging Studies
Neural Processing of Odors with Different Well-Being Associations—Findings from Two Consecutive Neuroimaging Studies
Cognitive Avoidance Is Associated with Decreased Brain Responsiveness to Threat Distractors under High Perceptual Load
Cerebral Neural Changes in Venous–Arterial Extracorporeal Membrane Oxygenation Survivors
“When You’re Smiling”: How Posed Facial Expressions Affect Visual Recognition of Emotions
Increased Functional Connectivity Involving the Parahippocampal Gyrus in Patients with Schizophrenia during Theory of Mind Processing: A Psychophysiological Interaction Study
A Cross-Sectional Study: Structural and Related Functional Connectivity Changes in the Brain: Stigmata of Adverse Parenting in Patients with Major Depressive Disorder?
Altered brain activity in patients with end‐stage renal disease: A meta‐analysis of resting‐state functional imaging
Neuronal signatures of anger and fear in patients with psychosis.
Parahippocampus hypertrophy drives gray matter morphological alterations in migraine patients without aura
Neurodevelopmental trajectories of letter and speech sound processing from preschool to the end of elementary school
Characteristics of amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations in the resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging of alcohol-dependent patients with depression.
Functional magnetic resonance imaging study on anxiety and depression disorders induced by chronic restraint stress in rats.
Depression circuit adaptation in post-stroke depression.
Altered coupling of resting-state cerebral blood flow and functional connectivity in Meige syndrome
How the body remembers: Examining the default mode and sensorimotor networks during moral injury autobiographical memory retrieval in PTSD
Consumption of ultra-processed foods is associated with depression, mesocorticolimbic volume, and inflammation.
Brain morphometric changes in fibromyalgia and the impact of psychometric and clinical factors: a volumetric and diffusion-tensor imaging study
Hippocampus long‐axis specialization throughout development: A meta‐analysis
Probabilistic and deductive reasoning in the human brain.
Behavioral modeling and neuroimaging of impaired risky decision making in patients with chronic musculoskeletal pain
Distinguishing Syntactic Operations in the Brain: Dependency and Phrase-Structure Parsing
Neural Mechanisms Underlying the Processing of Complex Sentences: An fMRI Study
Success versus failure in cognitive control: meta-analytic evidence from neuroimaging studies on error processing
Supramodal Sentence Processing in the Human Brain: fMRI Evidence for the Influence of Syntactic Complexity in More Than 200 Participants
Canonical Sentence Processing and the Inferior Frontal Cortex: Is There a Connection?
Individual Differences in Indirect Speech Act Processing Found Outside the Language Network
Absence of associations with prefrontal cortex and cerebellum may link to early language and social deficits in preschool children with ASD
Is it all in the baseline? Trajectories of chair stand performance over 4 years and their association with grey matter structure in older adults
Brain Activation and Functional Connectivity of Reappraisal and Acceptance for Anxious Events
Content Representation of Tactile Mental Imagery in Primary Somatosensory Cortex
Right Posterior Temporal Cortex Supports Integration of Phonetic and Talker Information
Predictive Coding and Internal Error Correction in Speech Production
A systematic review and meta-analysis of voxel-based morphometric studies of fibromyalgia
Brain Areas Critical for Picture Naming: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Lesion-Symptom Mapping Studies
Independency of Coding for Affective Similarities and for Word Co-occurrences in Temporal Perisylvian Neocortex
Altered static and dynamic functional network connectivity related to cognitive decline in individuals with white matter hyperintensities.
Predicting Alcohol-Related Memory Problems in Older Adults: A Machine Learning Study with Multi-Domain Features
Abnormal dynamic functional connectivity of thalamic subregions in patients with first-episode, drug-naïve major depressive disorder
Association of childhood trauma with cognitive impairment and structural brain alterations in remitted patients with bipolar disorder.
Cocaine Destroys Gray Matter Brain Cells and Accelerates Brain Aging
Aberrant Resting-State Functional Connectivity in MDD and the Antidepressant Treatment Effect—A 6-Month Follow-Up Study
Altered Resting-State Brain Activity and Functional Connectivity in Post-Stroke Apathy: An fMRI Study
Differential Neural Correlates in the Prefrontal Cortex during a Delay Discounting Task in Healthy Adults: An fNIRS Study
Maternal Variability of Amplitudes of Frequency Fluctuations Is Related to the Progressive Self–Other Transposition Group Intervention in Autistic Children
Abnormal Brain Structure Is Associated with Social and Communication Deficits in Children with Autism Spectrum Disorder: A Voxel-Based Morphometry Analysis
Item-Level Scores on the Boston Naming Test as an Independent Predictor of Perirhinal Volume in Individuals with Mild Cognitive Impairment
Down-Regulation of Tinnitus Negative Valence via Concurrent HD-tDCS and PEI Technique: A Pilot Study
Changes in Functional Connectivity of Hippocampal Subregions in Patients with Obstructive Sleep Apnea after Six Months of Continuous Positive Airway Pressure Treatment
Brain Hemispheric Asymmetry in Schizophrenia and Bipolar Disorder
Distinct resting-state functional connectivity patterns of Anterior Insula affected by smoking in mild cognitive impairment
Free-water-corrected diffusion and adrenergic/muscarinic antibodies in myalgic encephalomyelitis/chronic fatigue syndrome.
Resting state functional connectivity differentiation of neuropathic and nociceptive pain in individuals with chronic spinal cord injury
Stimulus-independent and stimulus-dependent neural networks underpin placebo analgesia responsiveness in humans
Down-regulated miR-16-2 in peripheral blood is positively correlated with decreased bilateral insula volume in patients with major depressive disorder.
The neural signature of reality‐monitoring: A meta‐analysis of functional neuroimaging studies
Altered spontaneous brain activities in maintenance hemodialysis patients with cognitive impairment and the construction of cognitive function prediction models
The development of functional connectivity within the dorsal striatum from early childhood to adulthood
Brain dysfunction in gait disorders of Caribbean atypical Parkinsonism and progressive supranuclear palsy patients: A comparative study
Divergent interpersonal neural synchronization patterns in the first, second language and interlingual communication
Sex Differences in Brain Structure in de novo Parkinson’s Disease: A Cross-Sectional and Longitudinal Neuroimaging Study
Dynamic alterations of spontaneous neural activity in post-stroke aphasia: a resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Altered resting-state brain activity in functional dyspepsia patients: a coordinate-based meta-analysis
Disrupted dynamic amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations in patients with active thyroid-associated ophthalmopathy
Serum cortisol is negatively related to hippocampal volume, brain structure, and memory performance in healthy aging and Alzheimer’s disease
Increased thalamic gray matter volume induced by repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment in patients with major depressive disorder
Effects of integrated hospital treatment on the default mode, salience, and frontal-parietal networks in anorexia nervosa: A longitudinal resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Altered functional connectivity of the ascending reticular activating system in obstructive sleep apnea
Voxel-based morphometry reveals the correlation between gray matter volume and serum P-tau-181 in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients with different HbA1c levels
Brain gray matter reduction and premature brain aging after breast cancer chemotherapy: a longitudinal multicenter data pooling analysis.
The words that little by little revealed everything: Neural response to lexical-semantic content during narrative comprehension.
Aberrant functional connectivity within and between brain networks in patients with early-onset bipolar disorder.
Bidirectional understanding and cooperation: interbrain neural synchronization during social navigation
Learning of irrelevant stimulus-response associations modulates cognitive control.
Memory reactivation and suppression modulate integration of the semantic features of related memories in hippocampus.
Deficits in the thalamocortical pathway associated with hypersensitivity to pain in patients with frozen shoulder
Structural and functional differences of the thalamus between drug-naïve Parkinson’s disease motor subtypes
Alterations of brain gray matter volume in children with obstructive sleep apnea
Intrinsic Brain Functional Activity Abnormalities in Episodic Tension-Type Headache
Spatiotemporal evidence uncovers differential neural activity patterns in cognitive and affective conflict control.
Frequency-dependent and time-variant alterations of neural activity in post-stroke depression: A resting-state fMRI study
Altered Functional Connectivity of the Subthalamic Nucleus in Parkinson’s Disease: Focus on Candidates for Deep Brain Stimulation
Negative affect and craving during abstinence from smoking are both linked to default mode network connectivity.
Dynamic involvement of premotor and supplementary motor areas in bimanual pinch force control.
Aging brain shows joint declines in brain within-network connectivity and between-network connectivity: a large-sample study (N > 6,000)
The impact of wearing a KN95 face mask on human brain function: evidence from resting state functional magnetic resonance imaging
Extreme prematurity and perinatal risk factors related to extremely preterm birth are associated with complex patterns of regional brain volume alterations at 10 years of age: a voxel-based morphometry study
A neurophysiological approach to the distinction between motor and cognitive skills: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study
An fMRI study of finger movements in children with and without dyslexia
What a difference timing makes: Cortisol effects on neural underpinnings of emotion regulation
Imaging the neural substrate of trigeminal neuralgia pain using deep learning
Differential responses from the left postcentral gyrus, right middle frontal gyrus, and precuneus to meal ingestion in patients with functional dyspepsia
Unraveling the pathophysiology of schizophrenia: insights from structural magnetic resonance imaging studies
Association of loneliness and grey matter volume in the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex: the mediating role of interpersonal self-support traits.
Disrupted Balance of Gray Matter Volume and Directed Functional Connectivity in Mild Cognitive Impairment and Alzheimer’s Disease
White matter abnormalities are associated with the declined ability of reasoning and problem‐solving in major depressive disorder
The connectome‐based prediction of trust propensity in older adults: A resting‐state functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Productivity costs associated with reactive school closures related to influenza or influenza-like illness in the United States from 2011 to 2019
Age-related differences in interference control in the context of a finger-lifting task: an fMRI study
Self-regulation of visual word form area activation with real-time fMRI neurofeedback
Cerebral blood flow changes in schizophrenia patients with auditory verbal hallucinations during low-frequency rTMS treatment.
Correlation between cerebral cortex changes and clinical features in patients with neuromyelitis optica spectrum disorder with normal-appearing brain tissue: a case-control study
Impact of prenatal alcohol exposure on intracortical myelination and deep white matter in children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.
Characterizing the temporal dynamics of intrinsic brain activities in depressed adolescents with prior suicide attempts
A network-level test of the role of the co-activated default mode network in episodic recall and social cognition
Development of software for measuring brain amyloid accumulation using 18F‐florbetapir PET and calculating global Centiloid scale and regional Z‐score values
Exploring the neurobiology of Merge at a basic level: insights from a novel artificial grammar paradigm
Impacts of urban green infrastructure on attentional functioning: insights from an fMRI study
Triple-network analysis of Alzheimer’s disease based on the energy landscape
The Fake IQ Test: a novel measure of self-reflection in major depressive disorder
Relation of Overweight/Obesity to Reward Region Response to Food Reward and the Moderating Effects of Parental History of Eating Pathology in Adolescent Females
Striatal dopamine in anhedonia: A simultaneous [C]raclopride positron emission tomography and functional magnetic resonance imaging investigation.
Characteristics of resting state functional connectivity of motor cortex of high fitness level college students: Experimental evidence from functional near infrared spectroscopy (fNIRS)
The relationship between processing speed and remodeling spatial patterns of intrinsic brain activity in the elderly with different sleep duration
Aberrant structural and functional alterations in postpartum depression: a combined voxel-based morphometry and resting-state functional connectivity study
Trait and state-related characteristics of thalamo-cortical circuit disruption in bipolar disorder: a prospective cross-sectional study
Behavioral and neural underpinnings of empathic characteristics in a Humanitude-care expert
The role of brain-localized gamma and alpha oscillations in inattentional deafness: implications for understanding human attention
Altered functional connectivity within the brain fear circuit in Parkinson's disease with anxiety: A seed-based functional connectivity study
Scalp acupuncture regulates functional connectivity of cerebral hemispheres in patients with hemiplegia after stroke
Altered habenular connectivity in chronic low back pain: An fMRI and machine learning study
Emotional processing and positive affect after acute exercise in healthy older adults.
Prediction of cognitive performance differences in older age from multimodal neuroimaging data
Relationship between carotid intima‐media thickness (cIMT) and dual‐system imbalance in tobacco dependence: An rs‐fMRI research
Depressive symptoms following traumatic brain injury are associated with resting-state functional connectivity
Bimodal electroencephalography-functional magnetic resonance imaging dataset for inner-speech recognition
Test and evaluation of driving comfort of rice combine harvester
Interoceptive Awareness of the Breath Preserves Attention and Language Networks amidst Widespread Cortical Deactivation: A Within-Participant Neuroimaging Study
Mapping spoken language and cognitive deficits in post-stroke aphasia
Binge drinking is associated with higher cortisol and lower hippocampal and prefrontal gray matter volume: Prospective association with future alcohol intake
Brain Structural Covariance Network in Asperger Syndrome Differs From Those in Autism Spectrum Disorder and Healthy Controls
Large-scale activation likelihood estimation meta-analysis of parkinsonian disorders
The effect of seed location on functional connectivity: evidence from an image-based meta-analysis
Time-of-day influences resting-state functional cortical connectivity
Triple network model of brain connectivity changes related to adverse mood effects in an oral contraceptive placebo-controlled trial
Altered intrinsic functional network connectivity is associated with impulsivity and emotion dysregulation in drug-naïve young patients with borderline personality disorder
The modulation effects of repeated transcutaneous auricular vagus nerve stimulation on the functional connectivity of key brainstem regions along the vagus nerve pathway in migraine patients
Aberrant brain entropy in posttraumatic stress disorder comorbid with major depressive disorder during the coronavirus disease 2019 pandemic
Brain alterations associated with overweight evaluated by body mass index or body fat index in an elderly population: the PROOF study
Longitudinal changes in brain structure and their relationship with subclinical psychiatric symptoms in parents who lost their only child in China
Neural correlates of visual and tactile path integration and their task related modulation
Neural bases of reward anticipation in healthy individuals with low, mid, and high levels of schizotypy
Early life stress, low-grade systemic inflammation and weaker suppression of the default mode network (DMN) during face processing in Schizophrenia
Altered functional connectivity between cortical networks associated with inhibitory control in trauma-exposed females.
Brain mechanisms associated with facial encoding of affective states
Psychopathic traits and social brain responses during moral evaluation in adolescence.
Stress and reward in the maternal brain of mothers with borderline personality disorder: a script-based fMRI study
A fractional order-based mixture of central Wishart (FMoCW) model for reconstructing white matter fibers from diffusion MRI.
Prospective memory: the combined impact of cognitive load and task focality
Altered regional brain activity and functional connectivity in resting-state brain networks associated with psychological erectile dysfunction
Functional magnetic resonance imaging studies of acupuncture at ST36: a coordinate-based meta-analysis
Cerebral abnormalities in HIV-infected individuals with neurocognitive impairment revealed by fMRI
Left anterior supramarginal gyrus activity during tool use action observation after extensive tool use training.
Diagnosis of Chronic Musculoskeletal Pain by Using Functional Near-Infrared Spectroscopy and Machine Learning
Cultural Differences in Inhibitory Control: An ALE Meta-Analysis
Functional and Structural Brain Abnormalities and Clinical Characteristics of Male Patients with Alcohol Dependence
Temporal Dynamic Alterations of Regional Homogeneity in Parkinson’s Disease: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Functional Connectivity of the Anterior Cingulate Cortex and the Right Anterior Insula Differentiates between Major Depressive Disorder, Bipolar Disorder and Healthy Controls
OPRM1 A118G polymorphism modulating motor pathway for pain adaptability in women with primary dysmenorrhea
Deficits in sustained attention in adolescents with bipolar disorder during their first manic episode.
Psychological resilience mediates the protective role of default-mode network functional connectivity against COVID-19 vicarious traumatization
Abnormal brain spontaneous activity in major depressive disorder adolescents with non-suicidal self injury and its changes after sertraline therapy
Oxytocinergic modulation of speech production—a double-blind placebo-controlled fMRI study
Fate of the second task in dual-task interference is associated with sensory system interactions with default-mode network.
Task-independent neural bases of peer presence effect on cognition in children and adults.
The body mass index is associated with increased temporal variability of functional connectivity in brain reward system
Posterior cingulate cortex spontaneous activity associated with motor response inhibition in patients with obsessive-compulsive disorder: A resting-state fMRI study.
Micro-structural white matter abnormalities in new daily persistent headache: a DTI study using TBSS analysis
Reward motivation adaptation in people with negative schizotypal features: development of a novel behavioural paradigm and identifying its neural correlates using resting-state functional connectivity analysis.
Exploiting the Brain’s Network Structure for Automatic Identification of ADHD Subjects
The neural correlates of apathy in the context of aging and brain disorders: a meta-analysis of neuroimaging studies
Excessively increased thalamocortical connectivity and poor initial antiseizure medication response in epilepsy patients
Cerebellum and hippocampus abnormalities in patients with insomnia comorbid depression: a study on cerebral blood perfusion and functional connectivity
An information-theoretic analysis of resting-state versus task fMRI
Clinical response to treatment with a partial dopamine agonist is related to changes in reward processing.
Resting-State Connectivity Changes After Goal-Oriented Attentional Self-Regulation Training in Veterans With Mild Traumatic Brain Injury: Preliminary Findings from a Randomized Controlled Trial
Decreased gray matter volume in regions associated with affective pain processing in unmedicated individuals with nonsuicidal self-injury.
Alteration of brain function and systemic inflammatory tone in older adults by decreasing the dietary palmitic acid intake
Shared alterations in hippocampal structural covariance in subjective cognitive decline and migraine
Gender effects on autism spectrum disorder: a multi-site resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study of transcriptome-neuroimaging
Managing Cancer and Living Meaningfully (CALM) alleviates chemotherapy related cognitive impairment (CRCI) in breast cancer survivors: A pilot study based on resting‐state fMRI
White matter microstructure and serum biomarkers of inflammation in psychogenic non-epileptic seizures
Lever positioning manipulation alters real-time brain activity in patients with lumbar disc herniation: An amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation and regional homogeneity study.
Neural mechanisms of emotional health in traumatic brain injury patients undergoing rTMS treatment
Function and biochemistry of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex during placebo analgesia: how the certainty of prior experiences shapes endogenous pain relief
The neurobiological effects of mind–body exercise: a systematic review and meta-analysis of neuroimaging studies
Spatial patterns of intrinsic brain activity in rats with capsular stroke
Cognitive and affective interaction with somatosensory afference in acupuncture–a specific brain response to compound stimulus
More proactive but less efficient: The effect of trait self-control on emotion regulation and its neural mechanisms.
Early functional connectivity alterations in contralesional motor networks influence outcome after severe stroke: a preliminary analysis
Women’s Brain Health: Midlife Ovarian Removal Affects Associative Memory
Naltrexone engages a brain reward network in the presence of reward-predictive distractor stimuli in males
Altered brain connectivity in Long Covid during cognitive exertion: a pilot study
NEURAL BASIS OF SOUND-SYMBOLIC PSEUDOWORD-SHAPE CORRESPONDENCES
Economic value in the Brain: A meta-analysis of willingness-to-pay using the Becker-DeGroot-Marschak auction
CDKL5 deficiency disorder: progressive brain atrophy may be part of the syndrome
Enhancing saltiness perception by chemosensory interaction: an fMRI study
Brain volumes in alcohol use disorder: Do females and males differ? A whole‐brain magnetic resonance imaging mega‐analysis
Modulation of resting-state networks following repetitive transcranial alternating current stimulation of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex
Self-compassion and neural activity during self-appraisals in depressed and healthy adolescents.
Multi-spectral diffusion MRI mega-analysis in genetic generalized epilepsy: Relation to outcomes
Striatal dopamine transporter binding differs between dementia with Lewy bodies and Parkinson's disease with dementia.
Anatomical and Functional Connectivity of Critical Deep Brain Structures and Their Potential Clinical Application in Brain Stimulation
The conscious processing of emotion in depression disorder: a meta-analysis of neuroimaging studies
Cytoarchitectonic mapping of the human frontal operculum—New correlates for a variety of brain functions
Functional MRI-specific alterations in frontoparietal network in mild cognitive impairment: an ALE meta-analysis
Levodopa improved different motor symptoms in patients with Parkinson's disease by reducing the functional connectivity of specific thalamic subregions
The mediating role of default mode network during meaning-making aroused by mental simulation between stressful events and stress-related growth: a task fMRI study
Associations between cortical thickness and parasympathetic nervous system functioning during middle childhood.
Abnormal whole-brain voxelwise structure-function coupling and its association with cognitive dysfunction in patients with different cerebral small vessel disease burdens
Effects of Tai Chi on working memory in older adults: evidence from combined fNIRS and ERP
Gray matter alterations in tremor-dominant Parkinson’s disease after MRgFUS thalamotomy are correlated with tremor improvement: a pilot study
Investigation of functional connectivity in Bell’s palsy using functional magnetic resonance imaging: prospective cross-sectional study
Structural brain morphology in young adult women who have been choked/strangled during sex: A whole‐brain surface morphometry study
Functional connectivity and glutamate levels of the medial prefrontal cortex in schizotypy are related to sensory amplification in a probabilistic reasoning task.
Longitudinal changes in qualitative aspects of semantic fluency in presymptomatic and prodromal genetic frontotemporal dementia
Immediate visual reproduction negatively correlates with brain entropy of parahippocampal gyrus and inferior occipital gyrus in bipolar II disorder adolescents
Impairments to the multisensory integration brain regions during migraine chronification: correlation with the vestibular dysfunction
Arithmetic problem size modulates brain activations in females but not in males.
Neural substrates of top-down processing during perceptual duration-based timing and beat-based timing.
Microglia dysfunction drives disrupted hippocampal amplitude of low frequency after acute kidney injury
Relationship between temporal dynamics of intrinsic brain activity and motor function remodeling in patients with acute BGIS
Multi-modal MRI measures reveal sensory abnormalities in major depressive disorder patients: A surface-based study
Neural signatures of social inferences predict the number of real-life social contacts and autism severity
Micro- and macro-changes in early-stage type 2 diabetes mellitus without cognitive impairment: a diffusion tensor imaging (DTI) and surface-based morphometry (SBM) study
Abnormal regional spontaneous neural activity and functional connectivity in thyroid-associated ophthalmopathy patients with different activity: a resting-state fMRI study
Time of day dependent longitudinal changes in resting-state fMRI
Cortical activation during imagined walking for people with lower limb loss: a pilot study
Connectivity reveals homology between the visual systems of the human and macaque brains
Transcranial focused ultrasound stimulation of cortical and thalamic somatosensory areas in human
Computerized working memory training for hypertensive individuals with executive function impairment: a randomized clinical trial
Machine learning for detecting Wilson's disease by amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation
IL-6, but not TNF-α, response to alcohol cues and acute consumption associated with neural cue reactivity, craving, and future drinking in binge drinkers
Associations of thalamocortical networks with reduced mindfulness in alcohol use disorder
A cross-cultural fMRI investigation of cannabis approach bias in individuals with cannabis use disorder
Altered resting-state cerebellar-cerebral functional connectivity in patients with end-stage renal disease
Morphological alterations of contralesional hemisphere relate to functional outcomes after stroke.
A voxel‐based morphometry study on gray matter correlates of need for cognition and exploratory information seeking
Differential processing of intrinsic vs. extrinsic coordinates in wrist movement: connectivity and chronometry perspectives
Characteristics of EEG power spectra involved in the proficiency of motor learning
Trait representation of embodied cognition in dancers pivoting on the extended mirror neuron system: a resting-state fMRI study
Similarities and differences in the neural correlates of letter and speech sound integration in blind and sighted readers.
A single case neuroimaging study of tickertape synesthesia
Resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging reveals brain remodeling after Tuina therapy in neuropathic pain model
Unlocking the musical brain: A proof-of-concept study on playing the piano in MRI scanner with naturalistic stimuli
Regional homogeneity and functional connectivity of freezing of gait conversion in Parkinson’s disease
Reduced suicidality after electroconvulsive therapy is linked to increased frontal brain activity in depressed patients: a resting-state fMRI study
Daily Artificial Gravity Partially Mitigates Vestibular Processing Changes Associated with Head-down Tilt Bedrest
Threat expectation does not improve perceptual discrimination despite causing heightened priority processing in the frontoparietal network
Patterns of brain atrophy in recently-diagnosed relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis
The VLPFC-Engaged Voluntary Emotion Regulation: Combined TMS-fMRI Evidence for the Neural Circuit of Cognitive Reappraisal
Neuropsychological Activations and Networks While Performing Visual and Kinesthetic Motor Imagery
Common and Distinct Functional Connectivity of the Orbitofrontal Cortex in Depression and Schizophrenia
Simultaneous fMRI and tDCS for Enhancing Training of Flight Tasks
Thalamocortical Mechanisms Underlying Real and Imagined Acupuncture
Effects of Robot-Assisted Activity Using a Communication Robot on Neurological Activity in Older Adults with and without Cognitive Decline
Altered dynamic brain activity and functional connectivity in thyroid‐associated ophthalmopathy
Prefrontal cortex-mediated inhibition supports face recognition.
Cerebral cortical thinning in brain regions involved in emotional regulation relates to persistent symptoms in subjects with posttraumatic stress disorder.
Altered cortical myelin in the salience and default mode networks in major depressive disorder patients: A surface-based analysis.
Early-Life Critical Windows of Susceptibility to Manganese Exposure and Sex-Specific Changes in Brain Connectivity in Late Adolescence
The effect of physical activity on white matter integrity in aging and prodromal to mild Alzheimer’s disease with vascular comorbidity
Abnormal spontaneous brain activity in females with autism spectrum disorders
Static and dynamic resting-state brain activity patterns of table tennis players in 7-Tesla MRI
Social-coalitional trait is related to coping capacity with mortality threat: association with leadership and a reduced parietal response to mortality salience
The effect of repetition on intersubject synchrony assessed with fMRI.
Dissociating representations of affect and motion in visual cortices
The functional connectome of 3,4‐methyldioxymethamphetamine‐related declarative memory impairments
The role of neurotransmitters in mediating the relationship between brain alterations and depressive symptoms in patients with inflammatory bowel disease
Hypoconnectivity networks in schizophrenia patients: A voxel-wise meta-analysis of Rs-fMRI
Effects of acupuncture on the brain in primary insomnia: a coordinate-based meta-analysis of fMRI studies
Functional changes in the salience network of patients with amnesic mild cognitive impairment before and after repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation
Differential networks for processing structural dependencies in human language: linguistic capacity vs. memory-based ordering
Strategic filtering of high-energy visible light expands neural correlates of functional vision particularly in older participants
Functional changes in fusional vergence‐related brain areas and correlation with clinical features in intermittent exotropia using functional magnetic resonance imaging
Functional and structural alterations in different durations of untreated illness in the frontal and parietal lobe in major depressive disorder
Effect of corticosubcortical iron deposition on dysfunction in CADASIL is mediated by white matter microstructural damage
Dynamic fronto‐amygdalar interactions underlying emotion‐regulation deficits in women at higher weight
Comparing reappraisal and acceptance strategies to understand the neural architecture of emotion regulation: a meta-analytic approach
Investigating the neural basis of schematic false memories by examining schematic and lure pattern similarity
Machine learning analysis reveals aberrant dynamic changes in amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations among patients with retinal detachment
Connectivity differences between inferior frontal gyrus and mentalizing network in autism as compared to developmental coordination disorder and non-autistic youth.
Fronto-temporal dysfunction in appetitive regulation of bulimia nervosa with affective disorders: A regional homogeneity and remote connectivity pattern analysis.
Altered intrinsic brain activity and functional connectivity in COVID-19 hospitalized patients at 6-month follow-up
Changes in functional connectivity among vestibulo-visuo-somatosensory and spatial cognitive cortical areas in persistent postural-perceptual dizziness: resting-state fMRI studies before and after visual stimulation
The neural correlates of individual differences in numerosity perception: A voxel-based morphometry study
Psychopathic traits and altered resting-state functional connectivity in incarcerated adolescent girls
Structural and functional characterization of the locus coeruleus in young and late middle-aged individuals
The effect of endovascular baroreflex amplification on central sympathetic nerve circuits and cerebral blood flow in patients with resistant hypertension: A functional MRI study
Aberrant resting-state functional connectivity in incarcerated women with elevated psychopathic traits
Neural underpinnings of processing combinatorial unstated meaning and the influence of individual cognitive style
Static and dynamic changes of intrinsic brain local connectivity in internet gaming disorder
Enhanced activity of the left precuneus as a predictor of visuospatial dysfunction correlates with disease activity in rheumatoid arthritis
Neuroanatomical and functional substrates of the hypomanic personality trait and its prediction on aggression
Exploring the link between functional connectivity of ventral tegmental area and physical fitness in schizophrenia and healthy controls.
Social Buffering Effects during Craft Activities in Parallel Group Session Revealed by EEG Analysis and Parasympathetic Activity
Neuroimaging profiles of the negative affective network predict anxiety severity in patients with chronic insomnia disorder: A machine learning study.
Arousal modulates the amygdala-insula reciprocal connectivity during naturalistic emotional movie watching.
Prefrontal GABA and glutamate–glutamine levels affect sustained attention
Intrinsic functional connectivity correlates of cognitive deficits involving sustained attention and executive function in bipolar disorder
Differential processing of risk and reward in delinquent and non-delinquent youth
Sex effects on differentiating patients with major depressive disorder from bipolar disorder in depressive state: A fMRI study with follow-up.
Resting-state perfusion in motor and fronto-limbic areas is linked to diminished expression of emotion and speech in schizophrenia
Abnormal brain activity in lumbar disc herniation patients with chronic pain is associated with their clinical symptoms
Regional homogeneity alterations of resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging of chronic rhinosinusitis with olfactory dysfunction
The amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation characteristics in depressed adolescents with suicide attempts: a resting-state fMRI study
Voxel-based meta-analysis of gray matter and white matter changes in patients with spinocerebellar ataxia type 3
Resting-State Functional Connectivity of the Dorsal and Ventral Striatum, Impulsivity, and Severity of Use in Recently Abstinent Cocaine-Dependent Individuals
Embodiment of action-related language in the native and a late foreign language - An fMRI-study.
Disturbance of information in superior parietal lobe during dual-task interference in a simulated driving task.
The dorsomedial prefrontal cortex represents subjective value across effort-based and risky decision-making.
Task-residual effective connectivity of motor network in transient ischemic attack
Neural representations of anxiety in adolescents with anorexia nervosa: a multivariate approach
Whole-brain structure–function coupling abnormalities in mild cognitive impairment: a study combining amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations and voxel-based morphometry
Reading Braille by Touch Recruits Posterior Parietal Cortex.
Diffuse glioma-induced structural reorganization in close association with preexisting syntax-related networks.
Abnormal functional connectivity in the habenula is associated with subjective hyperarousal state in chronic insomnia disorder
Hippocampal and parahippocampal volume and function predict antidepressant response in patients with major depression: A multimodal neuroimaging study
The sex differences in anhedonia in major depressive disorder: A resting-state fMRI study.
Training volitional control of the theory of mind network with real-time fMRI neurofeedback.
Liraglutide restores impaired associative learning in individuals with obesity
Preliminary findings on long‐term effects of fMRI neurofeedback training on functional networks involved in sustained attention
Adolescents’ neural sensitivity to high and low popularity: Longitudinal links to risk-taking and prosocial behavior☆
Neural activity and network analysis for understanding reasoning using the matrix reasoning task
Altered white matter integrity in euthymic children with bipolar disorder: A tract-based spatial statistical analysis of diffusion tensor imaging.
The effects of attention in auditory–visual integration revealed by time-varying networks
Alterations in static and dynamic regional homogeneity in mesial temporal lobe epilepsy with and without initial precipitating injury
Intermittent energy restriction changes the regional homogeneity of the obese human brain
When fixing problems kills personal development: fMRI reveals conflict between Real and Ideal selves
Investigation of Altered Spontaneous Brain Activity Patterns in Herpes Zoster Keratitis Using the Percent Amplitude of Fluctuation Method: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Interoception and the musical brain: Evidence from cross-sectional and longitudinal behavioral and resting-state fMRI study.
Adjunctive cognitive training with exposure enhances fear and neural outcomes in social anxiety.
Neural effects of deep brain stimulation on reward and loss anticipation and food viewing in anorexia nervosa: a pilot study
Bright light therapy and early morning attention, mathematical performance, electroencephalography and brain connectivity in adolescents with morning sleepiness
Associating Multimodal Neuroimaging Abnormalities With the Transcriptome and Neurotransmitter Signatures in Schizophrenia.
Social perception in deaf individuals: A meta‐analysis of neuroimaging studies
Brain mechanisms for processing caress-like touch in skin-picking disorder
The impact of circulatory arrest with selective antegrade cerebral perfusion on brain functional connectivity and postoperative cognitive function
Distributed attribute representation in the superior parietal lobe during probabilistic decision‐making
A multimodal MRI study of functional and structural changes in concomitant exotropia
Altered Spontaneous Brain Activity and Its Predictive Role in Patients with Central Retinal Artery Occlusion Using fMRI and Machine Learning
The Impact of Sleep Deprivation on Brain Networks in Response to Social Evaluation Tasks
The Interplay of Oxytocin and Attachment in Schizophrenic Patients: An fMRI Study
Hypoactive Visual Cortex, Prefrontal Cortex and Insula during Self-Face Recognition in Adults with First-Episode Major Depressive Disorder
Immediate Effects of Anti-Spastic Epidural Cervical Spinal Cord Stimulation on Functional Connectivity of the Central Motor System in Patients with Stroke- and Traumatic Brain Injury-Induced Spasticity: A Pilot Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Age differences in the neural correlates of recollection: transient versus sustained fMRI effects.
A randomized trial that compared brain activity, efficacy and plausibility of open-label placebo treatment and cognitive reappraisal for reducing emotional distress
Differences in resting-state brain networks and gray matter between APOE ε2 and APOE ε4 carriers in non-dementia elderly
The Neural Correlates of the Social Perception Dysfunction in Schizophrenia: An fMRI Study
Perilesional and contralesional brain activations related to associative encoding of unfamiliar face-names pairs in adults with left chronic stroke with or without ischemic infarct on left inferior frontal gyrus.
The subjective amplitude of the diurnal rhythm matters - Chronobiological insights for neuroimaging studies.
Disruption of brain regional homogeneity and functional connectivity in male NAFLD: evidence from a pilot resting-state fMRI study
Neural correlates of the sound facilitation effect in the modified Simon task in older adults
Resting state default mode network is associated with wise advising
Different associations between amyloid-βeta 42, amyloid-βeta 40, and amyloid-βeta 42/40 with soluble phosphorylated-tau and disease burden in Alzheimer’s disease: a cerebrospinal fluid and fluorodeoxyglucose-positron emission tomography study
Assessing blood oxygen level–dependent signal variability as a biomarker of brain injury in sport-related concussion
Brain responses to positive and negative events in individuals with internet gaming disorder during real gaming
Functional reorganization of brain activity in children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder: Evidence from the modulatory effect of cognitive demand during visuospatial attention task.
Distinct cortical correlates of perception and motor function in balance control
The Lifespan Trajectories of Brain Activities Related to Cognitive Control
Dimensional emotions are represented by distinct topographical brain networks
Shared and distinct neural correlates of first and second language morphological processing in bilingual brain
Dopamine regulates decision thresholds in human reinforcement learning in males
Effects of home-based telerehabilitation on dynamic alterations in regional intrinsic neural activity and degree centrality in stroke patients
Performing a vibrotactile discrimination task modulates finger representations in primary somatosensory cortex
Functional brain activity in patients with amnestic mild cognitive impairment: an rs-fMRI study
Cognitive inflexibility is linked to abnormal frontoparietal‐related activation and connectivity in obsessive‐compulsive disorder
Binge Eating (BE) and Obesity: Brain Activity and Psychological Measures before and after Roux-En-Y Gastric Bypass (RYGB)
Intrinsic neural network dynamics underlying the ability to down-regulate emotions in male perpetrators of intimate partner violence against women
Reduced volume of the left cerebellar lobule VIIb and its increased connectivity within the cerebellum predict more general psychopathology one year later via worse cognitive flexibility in children
Abnormal hemispheric specialization and inter-hemispheric functional cooperation in generalized anxiety disorder.
Resting-state functional connectivity is modulated by cognitive reserve in early Parkinson’s disease
Self-Focused Brain Predictors of Cognitive Behavioral Therapy Response in a Transdiagnostic Sample
Functional Alterations of the Basal Ganglia Are Associated with Voluntary Activation of the Core Stabilizing Muscles in Patients with Chronic Low Back Pain: A Cross-Sectional Study
White matter microstructural alterations in patients with neuropathic pain after spinal cord injury: a diffusion tensor imaging study
Potential neuropsychological mechanism involved in the transition from suicide ideation to action – a resting-state fMRI study implicating the insula
Relation of resting brain signal variability to cognitive and socioemotional measures in an adult lifespan sample
Characteristics of brain activation in high-level football players at different stages of decision-making tasks off the ball: an fMRI study
TMS over the pre-SMA enhances semantic cognition via remote network effects on task-based activity and connectivity
Elevated representational similarity of voluntary action and inhibition in Tourette syndrome
Increased interhemispheric functional connectivity during non-dominant hand movement in right-handed subjects
Regional differences in the link between water exchange rate across the blood–brain barrier and cognitive performance in normal aging
Alterations in brain connectivity patterns in schizophrenia patients with auditory verbal hallucinations during low frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation.
The iron burden of cerebral microbleeds contributes to brain atrophy through the mediating effect of white matter hyperintensity.
Multimodal imaging of microstructural cerebral alterations and loss of synaptic density in Alzheimer's disease.
Distinct serum GDNF coupling with brain structural and functional changes underlies cognitive status in Parkinson's disease
Altered static and dynamic intrinsic brain activity in unilateral sudden sensorineural hearing loss
Auditory dyadic interactions through the “eye” of the social brain: How visual is the posterior STS interaction region?
Neurofeedback for obsessive compulsive disorder: A randomized, double-blind trial.
Activation Map Reveals Language Impairment in Children with Benign Epilepsy with Centrotemporal Spikes (BECTS)
Brain structural correlates of postoperative axial pain in degenerative cervical myelopathy patients following posterior cervical decompression surgery: a voxel-based morphometry study
Deviant spontaneous neural activity as a potential early-response predictor for therapeutic interventions in patients with schizophrenia
Why it is good to communicate the bad: understanding the influence of message framing in persuasive communication on consumer decision-making processes
Effects of Savoring Meditation on Positive Emotions and Pain-Related Brain Function: A Mechanistic Randomized Controlled Trial in People With Rheumatoid Arthritis
Evaluation of whole-brain oxygen metabolism in Alzheimer's disease using QSM and quantitative BOLD.
Voxel-based morphometry of grey matter structures in Parkinson’s Disease with wearing-off
Nodal properties of the resting-state brain functional network in childhood and adolescence.
Ghrelin is related to lower brain reward activation during touch.
Cortico-striatal activity associated with fidget spinner use: an fMRI study
Rapid neural changes during novel speech-sound learning: An fMRI and DTI study.
Increased neural differentiation after a single session of aerobic exercise in older adults.
Low thalamic activity during a digit-symbol substitution task is associated with symptoms of subjective cognitive decline
Cardiorespiratory fitness is associated with hippocampal resting state connectivity in women newly diagnosed with breast cancer
Groupwise structural sparsity for discriminative voxels identification
Are there dedicated neural mechanisms for imitation? A study of grist and mills
Inter-subject correlation during long narratives reveals widespread neural correlates of reading ability.
Brain response in heavy drinkers during cross-commodity alcohol and money discounting with potentially real rewards: A preliminary study
Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuation to Determine Disturbed Spontaneous Brain-Activity Pattern in Patients with Diabetic Optic Neuropathy
Comparison of brain functional response to mechanical prickling stimuli to the glabrous and hairy skin
Disrupted functional connectivity of the striatum in patients with diffuse axonal injury: a resting-state functional MRI study
Brain activation by a VR-based motor imagery and observation task: An fMRI study
Conscious expectancy rather than associative strength elicits brain activity during single-cue fear conditioning
Learning from in-group and out-group models induces separative effects on human mate copying
Clinical severity in Parkinson’s disease is determined by decline in cortical compensation
Age of Bilingual Onset Shapes the Dynamics of Functional Connectivity and Laterality in the Resting-State
Breaking the Fear Barrier: Aberrant Activity of Fear Networks as a Prognostic Biomarker in Patients with Panic Disorder Normalized by Pharmacotherapy
Surface-Based Functional Alterations in Early-Onset and Late-Onset Parkinson’s Disease: A Multi-Modal MRI Study
Cortical Response Variation with Social and Non-Social Affective Touch Processing in the Glabrous and Hairy Skin of the Leg: A Pilot fMRI Study
Seed correlation analysis based on brain region activation for ADHD diagnosis in a large-scale resting state data set
Structural brain changes in emotion recognition across the adult lifespan
Prosocial decision‐making under time pressure: Behavioral and neural mechanisms
Dynamic causal modeling of reorganization of memory and language networks in temporal lobe epilepsy
Abnormal grey matter structural changes in patients with end-stage kidney disease and mild cognitive impairment: correlations with clinical features
Brain development mediates the relationship between self-reported poor parental monitoring and adolescent anxiety
“What” and “when” predictions modulate auditory processing in a mutually congruent manner
Imaging and clinical predictors of acute constipation in patients with acute ischemic stroke
Quantifying differences in fMRI preprocessing pipelines via OGRE (One-step General Registration and Extraction)
Cerebral structural alterations in the patients undergoing postherpetic neuralgia: A VBM–MRI study
Noradrenergic alterations in Parkinson’s disease: a combined 11C-yohimbine PET/neuromelanin MRI study
Semantic‐specific and domain‐general mechanisms for integration and update of contextual information
Decreased beta‐band activity in left supramarginal gyrus reflects cognitive decline: Evidence from a large clinical dataset in patients with dementia
Visualizing risky situations induces a stronger neural response in brain areas associated with mental imagery and emotions than visualizing non-risky situations
Large-scale functional network connectivity mediates the associations between lipids metabolism and cognition in type 2 diabetes
Altered brain regional homogeneity is associated with cognitive dysfunction in first-episode drug-naive major depressive disorder: A resting-state fMRI study.
Is the Brainstem Activation Different Between Healthy Young Male and Female Volunteers at Initiation of Voiding? A High Definition 7-Tesla Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Abnormal cortical surface-based spontaneous and functional connectivity in the whole brain in lifelong premature ejaculation patients
A neuroergonomics approach to driver's cooperation with Lane Departure Warning Systems.
How embodied is cognition? fMRI and behavioral evidence for common neural resources underlying motor planning and mental rotation of bodily stimuli
Concurrent TMS/fMRI reveals individual DLPFC dose-response pattern.
Brain network functional connectivity changes in patients with anterior knee pain: a resting-state fMRI exploratory study
Proprioceptive and tactile processing in individuals with Friedreich ataxia: an fMRI study
Altered intrinsic functional brain architecture in patients with functional constipation: a surface-based network study
The differential processing of verbal jokes by neural substrates in indigenous and Han Chinese populations: An fMRI study.
Joint contributions from brain activity and activity-independent functional connectivity to working memory aging.
Task-based activation and resting-state connectivity predict individual differences in semantic capacity for complex semantic knowledge
Aberrant spontaneous static and dynamic amplitude of low‐frequency fluctuations in cerebral small vessel disease with or without mild cognitive impairment
Resting-state functional connectivity of the cerebellum-cerebrum in older women with depressive symptoms
Age-related changes in neural responses to sensory stimulation in autism: a cross-sectional study
Alterations in intra- and inter-network connectivity associated with cognition impairment in insulinoma patients
Altered neural intrinsic oscillations in patients with multiple sclerosis: effects of cortical thickness
Neuroanatomical correlates of aggressiveness: a case–control voxel- and surface-based morphometric study
Whole-brain gray matter maturation trajectories associated with autistic traits from adolescence to early adulthood
Frequency specific alterations of the degree centrality in patients with acute basal ganglia ischemic stroke: a resting-state fMRI study
Total sleep deprivation reduces the table tennis anticipation performance of young men: A functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Women and health providers’ perspectives on male support for cervical cancer screening in Gwanda district, Zimbabwe
Neural evidence of switch processes during semantic and phonetic foraging in human memory
Lower synaptic density associated with gaming disorder: an 18F-SynVesT-1 PET imaging study
Default mode network connectivity and social dysfunction in children with Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder
Words hurt: common and distinct neural substrates underlying nociceptive and semantic pain
The cerebellum plays more than one role in the dysregulation of appetite: Review of structural evidence from typical and eating disorder populations
Abnormal network connections to early visual cortex in posterior cortical atrophy.
Modeling face recognition in the predictive coding framework: A combined computational modeling and functional imaging study.
Somatotopic disruption of the functional connectivity of the primary sensorimotor cortex in complex regional pain syndrome type 1
Remembering unexpected beauty: Contributions of the ventral striatum to the processing of reward prediction errors regarding the facial attractiveness in face memory.
Pre-COVID resting-state brain activity in the fusiform gyrus prospectively predicts social anxiety alterations during the pandemic.
Blame and Praise cross-culturally: An fMRI investigation into causal attribution and moral judgment.
Diffusion MRI with free gradient waveforms on a high-performance gradient system: Probing restriction and exchange in the human brain.
Functional MRI evaluation of hyperbaric oxygen therapy effect on hand motor recovery in a chronic post-stroke patient: a case report and physiological discussion
Resting-state brain connectivity correlates of musical sophistication
Modality-Specificity of the Neural Correlates of Linguistic and Non-Linguistic Demand
The gray matter atrophy and related network changes occur in the higher cognitive region rather than the primary sensorimotor cortex after spinal cord injury
A Neural Mechanism in the Human Orbitofrontal Cortex for Preferring High-Fat Foods Based on Oral Texture
No evidence from a negative mood induction fMRI task for frontal functional asymmetry as a suitable neurofeedback target
Working memory during spontaneous migraine attacks: an fMRI study
Spatiotemporal characteristics of the neural representation of event concepts.
Distinct Neural Components of Visually Guided Grasping during Planning and Execution
To respond or not to respond: exploring empathy-related psychological and structural brain differences between placebo analgesia responders and non-responders
Brain-aging related protein expression and imaging characteristics of mice exposed to chronic hypoxia at high altitude
Planet earth calling: unveiling the brain’s response to awe and driving eco-friendly consumption
The effects of nicotine use during adolescence and young adulthood on gray matter cerebral blood flow estimates
The mental simulation of state/psychological stimuli in anxiety disorders: A 3T fMRI study.
The road not taken: Common and distinct neural correlates of regret and relief.
Altered neural activity in the reward-related circuit associated with anhedonia in mild to moderate Major Depressive Disorder.
Changes in the superior longitudinal fasciculus and anterior thalamic radiation in the left brain are associated with developmental dyscalculia
Alterations of interhemispheric functional homotopic connectivity and corpus callosum microstructure in bulimia nervosa
Modality-specific brain representations during automatic processing of face, voice and body expressions
Role of insula and its subregions in progression from recent onset to chronic idiopathic tinnitus
Regional Homogeneity in schizophrenia patients with tardive dyskinesia: a resting-state fMRI study.
Associations of resting-state perfusion and auditory verbal hallucinations with and without emotional content in schizophrenia
Salience network and cognitive impairment in Parkinson’s disease
Alterations in voxel based morphometry and resting state functional connectivity in men with compulsive sexual behavior disorder in the Sex@Brain study
Psychological characteristics associated with the brain volume of patients with fibromyalgia
Alteration of static and dynamic intrinsic brain activity induced by short-term spinal cord stimulation in postherpetic neuralgia patients
Separate and overlapping mechanisms of statistical regularities and salience processing in the occipital cortex and dorsal attention network
Enhanced brain functional connectivity and activation after 12-week Tai Chi-based action observation training in patients with Parkinson’s disease
Circulating microRNAs correlate with structural and functional MRI parameters in patients with multiple sclerosis
The Motivational Determinants of Human Action, Their Neural Bases and Functional Impact in Adolescents With Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder
Abnormal spontaneous activity of regions related to mood regulation mediates the effect of childhood emotional neglect on major depressive disorder.
Neural correlates of risk taking in patients with obsessive-compulsive disorder during risky decision-making.
Decreased Functional Connectivity of the Core Pain Matrix in Herpes Zoster and Postherpetic Neuralgia Patients
Brain Functional Representation of Highly Occluded Object Recognition
Real-Time Classification of Motor Imagery Using Dynamic Window-Level Granger Causality Analysis of fMRI Data
Testosterone and the Amygdala’s Functional Connectivity in Women and Men
Neuroanatomical findings in isolated REM sleep behavior disorder and early Parkinson’s disease: a Voxel-based morphometry study
Mediating effect of amygdala activity on response to fear vs. happiness in youth with significant levels of irritability and disruptive mood and behavior disorders
Altered functional activity of the precuneus and superior temporal gyrus in patients with residual dizziness caused by benign paroxysmal positional vertigo
The effects of laser acupuncture dosage at PC6 (Neiguan) on brain reactivity: a pilot resting-state fMRI study
Deficits of Visual Cortex Function in Acute Acquired Concomitant Esotropia Patients
Sleep deprivation attenuates neural responses to outcomes from risky decision-making.
fNIRS‐based evaluation of the impact of SARS‐CoV‐2 infection central auditory processing
Human emotion processing accuracy, negative biases, and fMRI activation are associated with childhood trauma
Developmental dyscalculia is not associated with atypical brain activation: A univariate fMRI study of arithmetic, magnitude processing, and visuospatial working memory
Optical recognition of the eggs of four Aedine mosquito species (Aedes albopictus, Aedes geniculatus, Aedes japonicus, and Aedes koreicus)
Brain-imaging evidence for compression of binary sound sequences in human memory
Brain activation during fear extinction recall in unmedicated patients with obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Longitudinal changes in human supraspinal processing after RIII-feedback training to improve descending pain inhibition.
Frontoparietal function and underlying structure reflect capacity for motor skill acquisition during healthy aging.
Altered local and remote functional connectivity in mild Alzheimer’s disease patients with sleep disturbances
Hooked on a thought: Associations between rumination and neural responses to social rejection in adolescent girls
Temporo-Parietal cortex activation during motor imagery in older adults: A case study of Baduanjin.
Comparisons are Odious? The neural basis of in-group and out-group social comparison among game players: An fMRI study.
Large-scale networks changes in Wilson’s disease associated with neuropsychiatric impairments: a resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Cognitive reappraisal and corresponding neural basis mediate the association between childhood maltreatment and depression.
Neural processing of bottom-up perception of biological motion under attentional load.
Frequency characteristics of temporal and spatial concordance among dynamic indices in inattentive and combined subtypes of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder
Effect of total sleep deprivation on effective EEG connectivity for young male in resting-state networks in different eye states
Screening of postoperative cerebral hyperperfusion syndrome in moyamoya disease: a three-dimensional pulsed arterial-spin labeling magnetic resonance imaging approach
If you’re happy and you know it: neural correlates of self-evaluated psychological health and well-being
A normative model of brain responses to social scenarios reflects the maturity of children and adolescents’ social–emotional abilities
Functional brain connectivity during social attention predicts individual differences in social skill
Sex differences in longitudinal changes of episodic memory-related brain activity and cognition in cognitively unimpaired older adults with a family history of Alzheimer’s disease
Alterations in regional homogeneity and functional connectivity in the cerebellum of patients with sporadic amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Establishing the Roles of the Dorsal and Ventral Striatum in Humor Comprehension and Appreciation with fMRI
Association between gaming disorder and regional homogeneity in highly involved male adult gamers: A pilot resting‐state fMRI study
Identifying major depressive disorder with associated sleep disturbances through fMRI regional homogeneity at rest
Major Depression and the Perception of Affective Instrumental and Expressive Gestures: An fMRI Investigation.
Transitioning from childhood into adolescence: A comprehensive longitudinal behavioral and neuroimaging study on prosocial behavior and social inclusion.
Modulation effects of repeated transcranial direct current stimulation on the dorsal attention and frontal parietal networks and its association with placebo and nocebo effects
Premotor cortex is hypoactive during sustained vowel production in individuals with Parkinson’s disease and hypophonia
Altered brain network centrality in patients with orbital fracture: A resting‑state functional MRI study
Exploring the neural mechanisms underlying achalasia: A study of functional connectivity and regional brain activity.
"Listen to your heart": A novel interoceptive strategy for real-time fMRI neurofeedback training of anterior insula activity.
Neuroplastic changes in functional wiring in sensory cortices of the congenitally deaf: A network analysis
Degeneracy in the neurological model of auditory speech repetition
Monitoring the neural activity associated with praying in Sahaja Yoga meditation
The Science Underlying Giant Panda Conservation Translocations.
Increased functional connectivity in the right dorsal auditory stream after a full year of piano training in healthy older adults
Effects of D-CAG chemotherapy regimen on cognitive function in patients with acute myeloid leukaemia: A resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Impact of aversive affect on neural mechanisms of categorization decisions
Altered fractional amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations in the superior temporal gyrus: a resting-state fMRI study in anxious depression
Neuroimaging and behavioral evidence that violent video games exert no negative effect on human empathy for pain and emotional reactivity to violence
Aberrant dynamic and static functional connectivity of the striatum across specific low-frequency bands in patients with autism spectrum disorder.
Neural basis underlying the relation between internet addiction tendency and sleep quality: The intrinsic default-mode network connectivity pathways.
The impact of emotional valence and stimulus habituation on fMRI signal reliability during emotion generation.
Neural tracking of social hierarchies in adolescents’ real-world social networks
The effect of SARS-CoV-2 virus on resting-state functional connectivity during adolescence: Investigating brain correlates of psychotic-like experiences and SARS-CoV-2 related inflammation response.
Neural correlates of mental state decoding and mental state reasoning in schizophrenia.
Success versus failure in cognitive control: Meta-analytic evidence from neuroimaging studies on error processing.
Neural correlates of virtual reality-based attention training: An fMRI study.
Altered Large-Scale Resting-State Functional Network Connectivity in Convergence Insufficiency Young Adults Compared With Binocularly Normal Controls
Dynamic analysis of the individual patterns of intakes, voids, and bladder sensations reported in bladder diaries collected in the LURN study
Dynamic analysis of amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation in children with growth hormone deficiency.
Specific brain imaging alterations underlying autistic traits in children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder
Exploring the thalamus: a crucial hub for brain function and communication in patients with bulimia nervosa
Regional brain activity of resting-state fMRI and auditory oddball ERP with multimodal approach in individuals with internet gaming disorder
Neural underpinnings of response inhibition in substance use disorders: weak meta-analytic evidence for a widely used construct
Functional connectivity of the visual cortex in chronic migraine before and after medication withdrawal therapy
A comparative study of interhemispheric functional connectivity in major depression and schizophrenia.
Altered cognitive control network mediates the association between long-term pain and anxiety symptoms in primary dysmenorrhea
A comparison of functional activation and connectivity of the cerebellum in adults and children during single word processing.
Reduced executive and reward connectivity is associated with smoking cessation response to repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation: A double-blind, randomized, sham-controlled trial.
Functional Connectivity Change Associated With Apolipoprotein E Allotypes Precedes Structural Connectivity and Neurodegeneration in Cognitive Normal Older Adults Without Cerebral Aβ Deposition
Empathy Modulates the Activity of the Sensorimotor Mirror Neuron System during Pain Observation
Neural correlates of deceased-related attention during acute grief in suicide-related bereavement.
The role of the thalamic subregions in major depressive disorder with childhood maltreatment: Evidences from dynamic and static functional connectivity.
Aberrant brain intra- and internetwork functional connectivity in children with Prader-Willi syndrome
Perceptual Pattern of Cleft-Related Speech: A Task-fMRI Study on Typical Mandarin-Speaking Adults
Insula Connectivity Abnormalities Predict Impulsivity in Chronic Heroin Use Disorder: A Cross-Sectional Resting-State fMRI Study
Gradual Loss of Social Group Support during Competition Activates Anterior TPJ and Insula but Deactivates Default Mode Network
Hippocampal Resting State Functional Connectivity Associated with Physical Activity in Periadolescent Children
Neurocognitive Adaptations for Spatial Orientation and Navigation in Astronauts
Neural Coupling between Interhemispheric and Frontoparietal Functional Connectivity during Semantic Processing
Arterial spin labeling reveals disordered cerebral perfusion and cerebral blood flow-based functional connectivity in primary open-angle glaucoma
Reduced neural responses to pleasant odor stimuli after acute psychological stress is associated with cortisol reactivity.
The impact of past childhood adversity and recent life events on neural responses during fear conditioning.
Learning Cognitive Flexibility: Neural Substrates of Adapting Switch-Readiness to Time-varying Demands.
Sense of own body shapes neural processes of memory encoding and reinstatement
Dopaminergic D2-like receptor stimulation affects attention on contextual information and modulates BOLD activation of extinction-related brain areas
Investigating the effect of hippocampal sclerosis on parietal memory network
DNA methylation of the oxytocin receptor interacts with age to impact neural response to social stimuli
Time course of effective connectivity associated with perspective taking in utterance comprehension
fMRI changes during multi-limb movements in Parkinson’s disease
Investigating altered brain functional hubs and causal connectivity in coronary artery disease with cognitive impairment
Hypoconnectivity of the Amygdala in Patients with Low-Back-Related Leg Pain Linked to Individual Mechanical Pain Sensitivity: A Resting-State Functional MRI Study
Exploration of Hippocampal Functional Connectivity Alterations in Patients with High Myopia via Seed-Based Functional Connectivity Analysis
Hyperconnectivity of the lateral amygdala in long-term methamphetamine abstainers negatively correlated with withdrawal duration
Morphologic alterations of the fear circuitry: the role of sex hormones and oral contraceptives
The effects of trauma on feedback processing: an MEG study
Modification of cortical electrical activity in stroke survivors with abnormal subjective visual vertical: An eLORETA study
Neuroanatomical differences in Latinx children from rural farmworker families and urban non-farmworker families and related associations with pesticide exposure
Altered brain spontaneous activity in patients with cerebral small vessel disease using the amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation of different frequency bands
The role of the fronto-parietal network in modulating sustained attention under sleep deprivation: an functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Iron content affects age group differences in associative learning-related fMRI activity.
Left superior parietal lobe mediates the link between spontaneous mind-wandering tendency and task-switching performance.
Alterations of brain activity in patients with alcohol use disorder: a resting-state fMRI study
Neural correlates of social exclusion and overinclusion in patients with borderline personality disorder: an fMRI study
Effects of Cortisol Administration on Resting-State Functional Connectivity in Women with Depression.
Preliminary evidence that ketamine alters anterior cingulate resting-state functional connectivity in depressed individuals
Reactivity of the ventromedial prefrontal cortex, but not the amygdala, to negative emotion faces predicts greed personality trait
Relationship between abnormal intrinsic functional connectivity of subcortices and autism symptoms in high-functioning adults with autism spectrum disorder.
Hydroxyurea maintains working memory function in pediatric sickle cell disease
Dynamic brain activity states of memory impairment in stroke patients with varying motor outcomes
Enhancing learning outcomes through multisensory integration: A fMRI study of audio-visual training in virtual reality.
I know why the caged bird sings: Distress tolerant individuals show greater resting state connectivity between ventromedial prefrontal cortex and right amygdala as a function of higher vagal tone.
Abnormal alterations of regional spontaneous neuronal activity and functional connectivity in insomnia patients with difficulty falling asleep: a resting-state fMRI study
The Brain Networks Basis for Deductive and Inductive Reasoning: A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Neural substrates of parallel devaluation-sensitive and devaluation-insensitive Pavlovian learning in humans
Resting state functional connectivity associated with impaired proprioception post‐stroke
Hyperconnecitivity between dorsal attention and frontoparietal networks predicts treatment response in obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Individual differences in rhythm perception modulate music-related motor learning: a neurobehavioral training study with children
The significance of structural rich club hubs for the processing of hierarchical stimuli
Preliminary evaluation of novel Bodily Attention Task to assess the role of the brain in chemotherapy-induced peripheral neurotoxicity (CIPN).
Abnormal functional connectivity of the reward network is associated with social communication impairments in autism spectrum disorder: A large-scale multi-site resting-state fMRI study.
Computational modelling of reinforcement learning and functional neuroimaging of probabilistic reversal for dissociating compulsive behaviours in gambling and cocaine use disorders
Brain entropy changes in classical trigeminal neuralgia
Evidence for vibration coding of sliding tactile textures in auditory cortex
Organization of sensorimotor activity in anterior cruciate ligament reconstructed individuals: an fMRI conjunction analysis
The modulation effects of the mind-body and physical exercises on the basolateral amygdala-temporal pole pathway on individuals with knee osteoarthritis
Clinical efficacy of the mulligan maneuver for cervicogenic headache: a randomized controlled trial
Striatal correlates of Bayesian beliefs in self-efficacy in adolescents and their relation to mood and autonomy: a pilot study
High-beta oscillations at EEG resting state and hyperconnectivity of pain circuitry in fibromyalgia: an exploratory cross-sectional study
A tale of two targets: examining the differential effects of posterior cingulate cortex- and amygdala-targeted fMRI-neurofeedback in a PTSD pilot study
Discrimination exposure impacts unhealthy processing of food cues: crosstalk between the brain and gut
Association between gene expression and altered resting-state functional networks in type 2 diabetes
Age-related differences in fMRI subsequent memory effects are directly linked to local grey matter volume differences.
Prediction of anxious depression using multimodal neuroimaging and machine learning.
Investigation of altered spontaneous brain activity in patients with bronchial asthma using the percent amplitude of fluctuation method: a resting-state functional MRI study
Three weeks of exercise therapy altered brain functional connectivity in fibromyalgia inpatients
The vocal side of empathy: neural correlates of pain perception in spoken complaints
Transcriptional signatures of the whole-brain voxel-wise resting-state functional network centrality alterations in schizophrenia
Regions with Altered Degree Centrality and Their Functional Connectivity in First-Episode Drug-Naïve Major Depressive Disorder: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Sex differences in the effects of trait anxiety and age on resting-state functional connectivities of the amygdala
Hemispheric divergence of interoceptive processing across psychiatric disorders
When Age Tips the Balance: a Dual Mechanism Affecting Hemispheric Specialization for Language
Investigating the spontaneous brain activities of patients with subjective cognitive decline and mild cognitive impairment: an amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Pathology‐specific patterns of cerebellar atrophy in neurodegenerative disorders
Effects of web-based mindfulness training on psychological outcomes, attention, and neuroplasticity
A parcellation-based connectomic model of hemispatial neglect.
The relaxation effect of autonomous sensory meridian response depends on personal preference
Abnormal causal connectivity of anterior cingulate cortex-visual cortex circuit related to nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug efficacy in migraine.
Abnormal interhemispheric functional cooperation in schizophrenia follows the neurotransmitter profiles
Decreased long‐range temporal correlations in the resting‐state functional magnetic resonance imaging blood‐oxygen‐level‐dependent signal reflect motor sequence learning up to 2 weeks following training
An examination of resting-state functional connectivity in patients with active Crohn’s disease
The role of the left ventral occipitotemporal cortex in speech processing—The influence of visual deprivation
Effect of erythropoietin on cognitive side-effects of electroconvulsive therapy in depression: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.
Large-scale effective connectivity analysis reveals the existence of two mutual inhibitory systems in patients with major depression
Effects of rTMS Intervention on Functional Neuroimaging Activities in Adolescents with Major Depressive Disorder Measured Using Resting-State fMRI
Brain Active Areas Associated with a Mental Arithmetic Task: An eLORETA Study
Me, Myself, and I: Neural Activity for Self versus Other across Development
Effect of Meditation on Brain Activity during an Attention Task: A Comparison Study of ASL and BOLD Task fMRI
Determining the Optimal Stimulation Sessions for TMS-Induced Recovery of Upper Extremity Motor Function Post Stroke: A Randomized Controlled Trial
The Impact of Spatial Frequency on the Perception of Crowd Emotion: An fMRI Study
Anomia: Deciphering Functional Neuroanatomy in Primary Progressive Aphasia Variants
Neural connectivity moderators and mechanisms of ketamine treatment among treatment-resistant depressed patients: a randomized controlled trial
Multi-feature concatenation and multi-classifier stacking: An interpretable and generalizable machine learning method for MDD discrimination with rsfMRI.
Executive functions–based reading training engages the cingulo-opercular and dorsal attention networks
Motor experience modulates neural processing of lexical action language: Evidence from rugby players.
The Association of Retinal Microvasculature With Gray Matter Changes and Structural Covariance Network: A Voxel-Based Morphometry Study
The stress-buffering role of friendships in young people with childhood threat experiences: a preliminary report
Age-related alterations in the oscillatory dynamics serving verbal working memory processing
T-cell immunophenotype correlations with cortical thickness and white matter microstructure in bipolar disorder.
Shared and distinctive neural substrates of generalized anxiety disorder with or without depressive symptoms and their roles in prognostic prediction.
Anxiety may alter the role of fronto-striatal circuitry in adolescent risky decision-making.
Decreased intrinsic neural timescale in treatment-naïve adolescent depression.
Thalamic functional connectivity and sensorimotor processing in neurodevelopmental disorders
The neural correlates of value hierarchies: a prospective typology based on personal value profiles of emerging adults
Effector-independent Representations Guide Sequential Target Selection Biases in Action.
Optimizing health service location in a highly urbanized city: Multi criteria decision making and P-Median problem models for public hospitals in Jeddah City, KSA
Enhanced activations in the dorsal inferior frontal gyrus specifying the who, when, and what for successful building of sentence structures in a new language
Individual differences in the neural architecture in semantic processing
Blood pressure variability, central autonomic network dysfunction and cerebral small vessel disease in APOE4 carriers
Effects of contextualized emotional conflict control on domain-general conflict control: fMRI evidence of neural network reconfiguration
Preoperative plasticity in the functional naming network of patients with left insular gliomas
The neural mechanisms underlying the processing of consonant, vowel and tone during Chinese typing: an fNIRS study
Functional neuroimaging biomarkers of anhedonia response to escitalopram plus adjunct aripiprazole treatment for major depressive disorder
Individual differences in the evaluation of ambiguous visual and auditory threat-related expressions.
GABAergic inhibition shapes behavior and neural dynamics in human visual working memory
Cortical surface analysis for focal cortical dysplasia diagnosis by using PET images
Functional magnetic resonance imaging study of group independent components underpinning item responses to paranoid-depressive scale
Neural substrates of cough control during coughing
Investigating functional brain connectivity patterns associated with two hypnotic states
Double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled study to evaluate erenumab-specific central effects: an fMRI study
Cross-sectional and longitudinal neural predictors of physical activity and sedentary behaviour from a 6-month randomized controlled trial
Sex differences in the effects of individual anxiety state on regional responses to negative emotional scenes
Targeting suicidal ideation in major depressive disorder with MRI-navigated Stanford accelerated intelligent neuromodulation therapy
Brain connectivity patterns associated with individual differences in the access to experience-near personal semantics: a resting-state fMRI study
Brain changes following mindfulness: Reduced caudate volume is associated with decreased positive urgency.
Vessel density mapping of small cerebral vessels on 3D high resolution black blood MRI
Improved cognition after rifaximin treatment is associated with changes in intra- and inter-brain network functional connectivity
The influence of pitcher handedness on pitch-calling behavior: Insights from fMRI study on baseball umpires.
Specific alterations of resting-state functional connectivity in the triple network related to comorbid anxiety in major depressive disorder.
Disrupted limbic-prefrontal effective connectivity in response to fearful faces in lifetime depression.
Effects of escitalopram therapy on effective connectivity among core brain networks in major depressive disorder.
Mesocorticolimbic function in cocaine polydrug users: A multimodal study of drug cue reactivity and cognitive regulation
Cerebral response to emotional working memory based on vocal cues: an fNIRS study
Aberrant brain functional hubs and causal effective connectivity in menstrually-related and non-menstrually-related migraine without aura
Distinct parallel activation and interaction between dorsal and ventral pathways during phonological and semantic processing: A cTBS‐fMRI study
Altered functional connectivity in patients with post-stroke fatigue: A resting-state fMRI study.
Altered connectivity patterns of medial and lateral orbitofrontal cortex underlie the severity of bulimic symptoms
Functional decoding and meta-analytic connectivity modeling in thyroid-associated ophthalmopathy
Multimodal neuroimaging correlates of spectral power in NREM sleep delta sub-bands in cognitively unimpaired older adults
Orbital frontal cortex functional connectivity during gain anticipation linking the rumination and non-suicidal self-injury in late adolescence.
KCTD7-related progressive myoclonic epilepsy: Report of 42 cases and review of literature.
Plasma oxidative stress marker levels related to functional brain abnormalities in first-episode drug-naive major depressive disorder.
Assessing functional impulsivity using functional near-infrared spectroscopy
Phasic and repetitive self-touch differ in hemodynamic response in the prefrontal cortex–An fNIRS study
Neuroplastic Reorganization Induced by Sensory Augmentation for Self-Localization During Locomotion
A Willingness-to-Pay Associated Right Prefrontal Activation During a Single, Real Use of Lipsticks as Assessed Using Functional Near-Infrared Spectroscopy
Investigating Differences in Behavior and Brain in Human-Human and Human-Autonomous Vehicle Interactions in Time-Critical Situations
Decreased Exercise-Induced Changes in Prefrontal Cortex Hemodynamics Are Associated With Depressive Symptoms
Driver's turning intent recognition model based on brain activation and contextual information
Choroid plexus volume as a marker of retinal atrophy in relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis.
Neural processing of prototypicality and simplicity of product design in forming design preferences
Microstructural brain abnormalities, fatigue, and cognitive dysfunction after mild COVID-19
Brainstem processing of cough sensory inputs in chronic cough hypersensitivity
Early life stress and body-mass-index modulate brain connectivity in alcohol use disorder
Neural signatures of emotion regulation
Modulation of temporal and occipital cortex by acupuncture in non-menstrual MWoA patients: a rest BOLD fMRI study
The Association between Default-mode Network Functional Connectivity and Childhood Trauma on the Symptom Load in Male Adults with Methamphetamine Use Disorder
Associations between Education Years and Resting-state Functional Connectivity Modulated by APOE ε4 Carrier Status in Cognitively Normal Older Adults
Familiarity Processing through Faces and Names: Insights from Multivoxel Pattern Analysis
Neural Correlates of Positive Outcome Expectancy for Aggression: Evidence from Voxel-Based Morphometry and Resting-State Functional Connectivity Analysis
Immediate neural effects of acupuncture manipulation time for stroke with motor dysfunction: a fMRI pilot study
Network dynamics underlying alterations in apparent object size
Context matters: Neural processing of food-flavored e-cigarettes and the influence of smoking.
Altered Sexual Response-Related Functional Connectivity and Morphometric Changes Influenced by Sex Hormones across Menopausal Status
Cue-exposure treatment influences resting-state functional connectivity—a randomized controlled fMRI study in alcohol use disorder
Neural correlates of automatic emotion regulation and their association with suicidal ideation in adolescents during the first 90-days of residential care
Neuromorphometric associations with mood, cognition, and self-reported exercise levels in epilepsy and healthy individuals
Dynamic vagal-mediated connectivity of cortical and subcortical central autonomic hubs predicts chronotropic response to submaximal exercise in healthy adults.
Predictive Brain Activity Shows Congruent Semantic Specificity in Language Comprehension and Production
Alterations of spontaneous brain activity in type 2 diabetes mellitus without mild cognitive impairment: a resting-state functional magnetic resonance study
Genes Associated with Altered Brain Structure and Function in Obstructive Sleep Apnea
Alterations of resting-state functional network connectivity in patients with noise-induced hearing loss: A study based on independent component analysis.
Cerebro-cerebellar gray matter abnormalities associated with cognitive impairment in patients with recent-onset and chronic schizophrenia
Resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging indices are related to electrophysiological dysfunction in degenerative cervical myelopathy
Dark triad personality traits are associated with decreased grey matter volumes in ‘social brain’ structures
More than a piece of cake: Noun classifier processing in primary progressive aphasia
The effect of emotional faces on reward-related probability learning in depressed patients.
Identifying cortical structure markers of resilience to adversity in young people using surface-based morphometry
A neuroimaging study of brain activity alterations in treatment-resistant depression after a dual target accelerated transcranial magnetic stimulation
Altered dynamic effective connectivity of the default mode network in type 2 diabetes
Comparative assessment of the feasibility and validity of daily activity space in urban and non-urban settings
Assessing remission in major depressive disorder using a functional-structural data fusion pipeline: A CAN-BIND-1 study
Longitudinal brain structure changes in Parkinson’s disease: A replication study
Modulating the default mode network: Antidepressant efficacy of transcutaneous electrical cranial-auricular acupoints stimulation targeting the insula.
Altered cerebellar and caudate gray‐matter volumes and structural covariance networks preceding dual cognitive and mobility impairments in older people
Neuroimaging evidence of visual-vestibular interaction accounting for perceptual mislocalization induced by head rotation
Hippocampal Involvement in Safety Signal Learning Varies With Anxiety Among Healthy Adults
Treatment effects of N-acetyl cysteine on resting-state functional MRI and cognitive performance in patients with chronic mild traumatic brain injury: a longitudinal study
Functional dysconnectivity and microstructural impairment of the cortico-thalamo-cortical network in women with rheumatoid arthritis: A multimodal MRI study
Sentence-level embeddings reveal dissociable word- and sentence-level cortical representation across coarse- and fine-grained levels of meaning.
Trauma-related intrusive memories and anterior hippocampus structural covariance: an ecological momentary assessment study in posttraumatic stress disorder
Extensive functional connectivity between brain areas implicated in mental imagery production and phobic fear during both emotional and neutral mental imagery.
The possible neural mechanism of neuropathic pain evoked by motor imagery in pediatric patients with complete spinal cord injury: A preliminary brain structure study based on VBM
Altered dynamic amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation in individuals at high risk for Alzheimer's disease.
A neural network underlying cognitive strategies related to eating, weight and body image concerns
Older adults preserve audiovisual integration through enhanced cortical activations, not by recruiting new regions
Regional decreases of cortical thickness in major depressive disorder and their correlation with illness duration: a case-control study
Psilocybin-induced changes in neural reactivity to alcohol and emotional cues in patients with alcohol use disorder: an fMRI pilot study
Reduced default mode network effective connectivity in healthy aging is modulated by years of education.
Connectome-based predictive modeling of Internet addiction symptomatology
Changed brain entropy and functional connectivity patterns induced by electroconvulsive therapy in majoy depression disorder.
Age‐related positive emotional reactivity decline associated with the anterior insula based resting‐state functional connectivity
The neural mechanisms of identifiable victim effect in prosocial decision‐making
Semantic representations in inferior frontal and lateral temporal cortex during picture naming, reading, and repetition
Stimulus‐responsive and task‐dependent activations in occipital regions during pitch perception by early blind listeners
Sniffing out meaning: Chemosensory and semantic neural network changes in sommeliers
Longitudinal MRI analysis using a hybrid DenseNet-BiLSTM method for Alzheimer's disease prediction.
Experiential grounding of abstract concepts: Processing of abstract mental state concepts engages brain regions involved in mentalizing, automatic speech, and lip movements.
Structural and functional changes of anterior cingulate cortex subregions in migraine without aura: relationships with pain sensation and pain emotion
On the brain struggles to recognize basic facial emotions with face masks: an fMRI study
Music literacy improves reading skills via bilateral orthographic development
Subcortical and default mode network connectivity is impaired in myalgic encephalomyelitis/chronic fatigue syndrome
Concurrent Encoding of Sequence Predictability and Event-Evoked Prediction Error in Unfolding Auditory Patterns
How accurate are coordinate systems being used for transcranial magnetic stimulation?
Differences in brain aging between sexes in Parkinson’s disease
Corticostriatal activity related to performance during continuous de novo motor learning
Structural brain morphometry differences and similarities between young patients with Crohn’s disease in remission and healthy young and old controls
Corpus Callosum Functional Activities in Children with Cerebral Palsy
Alterations in functional connectivity in patients with non-specific chronic low back pain after motor control exercise: a randomized trial
Integrated water quality dynamics in Wadi Hanifah: Physical, chemical, and biological perspectives
Alterations of amygdala volume and functional connectivity in migraine patients comorbid with and without depression
The Neural Correlates of Individual Differences in Reinforcement Learning during Pain Avoidance and Reward Seeking
Polygenic effects on brain functional endophenotype for deficit and non-deficit schizophrenia
Neural correlates of semantic-driven syntactic parsing in sentence comprehension.
Spontaneous neural activity in the three principal networks underlying delay discounting: a resting-state fMRI study
Cognitive and neural mechanisms of voluntary versus forced language switching in Chinese-English bilinguals: an fMRI study.
Decreased dynamic variability of the cerebellum in the euthymic patients with bipolar disorder
Identifying distinctive brain regions related to consumer choice behaviors on branded foods using activation likelihood estimation and machine learning
Deep learning‐based BMI inference from structural brain MRI reflects brain alterations following lifestyle intervention
Patients with episodic migraine without aura have an increased rate of delayed discounting
Reduced functional connectivity of the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex at rest in obsessive–compulsive disorder
Functional neural networks stratify Parkinson's disease patients across the spectrum of cognitive impairment
Compressed cerebellar functional connectome hierarchy in spinocerebellar ataxia type 3
Parafoveal vision reveals qualitative differences between fusiform face area and parahippocampal place area
Enhanced memory and hippocampal connectivity in humans 2 days after brief resistance exercise
Atypical social cognition processing in bulimia nervosa: an fMRI study of patients thinking of others’ mental states
Temporal and spatial variability of dynamic microstate brain network in disorders of consciousness
Functional connectivity characteristics of the brain network involved in prickle perception of single fiber stimulation
Craving dynamics and related cerebral substrates predict timing of use in alcohol, tobacco, and cannabis use disorders
Working Memory Maintenance of Visual and Auditory Spatial Information Relies on Supramodal Neural Codes in the Dorsal Frontoparietal Cortex
The date/delay effect in intertemporal choice: A combined fMRI and eye‐tracking study
Risk factors for internalizing symptoms: The influence of empathy, theory of mind, and negative thinking processes
To explore the potential mechanisms of cognitive impairment in children with MRI-negative pharmacoresistant epilepsy due to focal cortical dysplasia: A pilot study from gray matter structure view
Influence of insulin sensitivity on food cue evoked functional brain connectivity in children
Monkey dorsolateral prefrontal cortex shows anatomically and functionally specific responses to sequential but not temporal or image changes
Effects of cortisol administration on heart rate variability and functional connectivity across women with different depression histories.
Temporal recalibration in response to delayed visual feedback of active versus passive actions: an fMRI study
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation regulates effective connectivity patterns of brain networks in the spectrum of preclinical Alzheimer’s disease
Convergent and divergent genes expression profiles associated with brain-wide functional connectome dysfunction in deficit and non-deficit schizophrenia
Anatomical correlates of apathy and impulsivity co-occurrence in early Parkinson’s disease
Inner sense of rhythm: percussionist brain activity during rhythmic encoding and synchronization
Comparison of Brain Activation According to fMRI Data in Patient with Depression (After Acute Coronary Syndrome and Somatically Healthy) and Healthy Volunteers
Alterations in cortical volume and complexity in Parkinson's disease with depression
Altered parietal operculum cortex 2 functional connectivity in benign paroxysmal positional vertigo patients with residual dizziness: A resting‐state fMRI study
More than fear? Brain activation patterns of dental phobic patients before and after an exposure-based treatment
Embodied metacognition as strengthened functional connection between neural correlates of metacognition and dance in dancers: exploring creativity implications
Understanding the cognitive and neuroimaging bases underlying the detrimental impact of sleep deprivation on reciprocity
Investigating amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation and possible links with cognitive impairment in childhood and adolescence onset schizophrenia: a correlation study
A voxel-level resting-state fMRI study on patients with alcohol use disorders based on a power spectrum slope analysis method
Abnormal functional connectivity of the intrinsic networks in adolescent bipolar I versus bipolar II disorder.
Behavioral and neuroanatomical correlates of facial emotion processing in post-stroke depression
Distinct neurochemical influences on fMRI response polarity in the striatum
Dysregulated cerebral blood flow, rather than gray matter Volume, exhibits stronger correlations with blood inflammatory and lipid markers in depression
Neural correlates of the addictions neuroclinical assessment (ANA) incentive salience factor among individuals with alcohol use disorder.
Exploring the impact of immersive virtual reality on depression knowledge and stigma reduction: a cross-over RCT fMRI study
Neural substrates of marriage on self-parents processing and the association with a parents-oriented perspective shift in a collectivistic culture.
Alterations of functional brain activity and connectivity in female nurses working on long‐term shift
The enhanced connectivity between the frontoparietal, somatomotor network and thalamus as the most significant network changes of chronic low back pain.
Relation of life sciences students’ metacognitive monitoring to neural activity during biology error detection
Motor imagery therapy improved upper limb motor function in stroke patients with hemiplegia by increasing functional connectivity of sensorimotor and cognitive networks
Aberrant thalamocortical connectivity and shifts between the resting state and task state in patients with schizophrenia.
Topological features of functional brain networks and subclinical impulsivity: an investigation in younger and older adults
Dorsolateral prefrontal activity supports a cognitive space organization of cognitive control
The importance of covert memory consolidation in schizophrenia: Dysfunctional network profiles of the hippocampus and the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex.
Human brain activity and functional connectivity associated with verbal long-term memory consolidation across 1 month
Fractional amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations associated with μ-opioid and dopamine receptor distributions in the central nervous system after high-intensity exercise bouts
Assessment of emissions and potential occupational exposure to carbon monoxide during biowaste composting
The truth is in there: Belief processes in the human brain.
Alterations in cortical thickness of frontoparietal regions in patients with social anxiety disorder.
Physical activity-related individual differences in functional human connectome are linked to fluid intelligence in older adults.
Neural correlates of inhibitory control in the context of infant cry and paternal postpartum mental health.
How three-dimensional sketching environments affect spatial thinking: A functional magnetic resonance imaging study of virtual reality
Beyond network connectivity: A classification approach to brain age prediction with resting-state fMRI.
Therapy effect of cochleural alternating acoustic beam therapy versus traditional sound therapy for managing chronic idiopathic tinnitus patients
Study of vision‐related resting‐state activity in suprasellar tumor patients with postoperative visual damage
Machine Learning Analysis Classifies Patients with Primary Angle-Closure Glaucoma Using Abnormal Brain White Matter Function
Daily artificial gravity partially mitigates vestibular processing changes associated with head-down tilt bedrest
Dissociable neural correlates of trait and ability emotional intelligence: a resting-state fMRI study.
Functional correlates of cognitive performance and working memory in temporal lobe epilepsy: Insights from task-based and resting-state fMRI
Validation of real-time fMRI neurofeedback procedure for cognitive training using counterbalanced active-sham study design
Alterations of the amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation induced by repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation combined with antidepressants treatment for major depressive disorder.
Resting-state amygdala subregion and precuneus connectivity provide evidence for a dimensional approach to studying social anxiety disorder
Perceptual uncertainty explains activation differences between audiovisual congruent speech and McGurk stimuli
Effects of the perceived temporal distance of events on mental time travel and on its underlying brain circuits
Trait anxiety is associated with attentional brain networks.
Abnormal occipital and frontal activity during voluntary convergence in intermittent exotropia: A task-fMRI study
Differences in the amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations of spontaneous brain activity between preterm and term infants
Altered trends of local brain function in classical trigeminal neuralgia patients after a single trigger pain
Mindfulness-based cognitive therapy neurobiology in treatment-resistant obsessive-compulsive disorder: A domain-related resting-state networks approach.
Functional representation of trigeminal nociceptive input in the human periaqueductal gray
Structural alterations of brain in different disease states of Crohn's disease: Results of a cross-sectional study in a Chinese hospital
Resting-state functional MRI study of conventional MRI-negative intractable epilepsy in children
Reduced body-image disturbance by body-image interventions is associated with neural-response changes in visual and social processing regions: a preliminary study
Pathological buying on the rise? Compensative and compulsive buying in Poland in the pre- and (Post-)pandemic times
The neural and cognitive basis of expository text comprehension
The neural basis of naturalistic semantic and social cognition
Differences in resting-state brain activity in first-episode drug-naïve major depressive disorder patients with and without suicidal ideation.
Comparison of local activation, functional connectivity, and structural connectivity in the N-back task
Altered functional connectivity of brainstem nuclei in new daily persistent headache: Evidence from resting‐state functional magnetic resonance imaging
Resting-state functional connectivity and structural differences between smokers and healthy non-smokers
Brain reserve affects the expression of cognitive reserve networks
Large-scale network abnormality in behavioral addiction.
Abnormally decreased functional connectivity of the right nucleus basalis of Meynert in Alzheimer's disease patients with depression symptoms.
An Enduring Role for Hippocampal Pattern Completion in Addition to an Emergent Nonhippocampal Contribution to Holistic Episodic Retrieval after a 24 h Delay
Neural Representations of Observed Interpersonal Synchrony/Asynchrony in the Social Perception Network
Lateralisation of nasal cycle is not reflected in the olfactory bulb volumes and cerebral activations.
Optimized microburst VNS elicits fMRI responses beyond thalamic‐specific response from standard VNS
Research on adults with subthreshold depression after aerobic exercise: a resting-state fMRI study based on regional homogeneity (ReHo)
Interactions between childhood maltreatment and combat exposure trauma on stress-related activity within the cingulate cortex: a pilot study.
Psychosis spectrum symptoms among individuals with schizophrenia-associated copy number variants and evidence of cerebellar correlates of symptom severity.
Mindfulness meditation modulates stress-eating and its neural correlates
Measurement of Functional Brain Network Connectivity in People with Orthostatic Tremor
Neural Pathways Linking Autonomous Exercise Motivation and Exercise-Induced Unhealthy Eating: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Adapting to Changes in Communication: The Orbitofrontal Cortex in Language and Speech Processing
The superior frontal sulcus in the human brain: Morphology and probability maps
Resting‐state effective connectivity is systematically linked to reappraisal success of high‐ and low‐intensity negative emotions
Molecular basis underlying default mode network functional abnormalities in postpartum depression with and without anxiety
Aging effects on the encoding/retrieval flip in associative memory: fMRI evidence from incidental contingency learning
Body size as a metric for the affordable world
The brain markers of creativity measured by divergent thinking in childhood: Hippocampal volume and functional connectivity.
The ventromedial prefrontal cortex in response to threat omission is associated with subsequent explicit safety memory
Culture, prefrontal volume, and memory
Patterns of neural activity in response to threatening faces are predictive of autistic traits: modulatory effects of oxytocin receptor genotype
Similar imaging changes and their relations to genetic profiles in bipolar disorder across different clinical stages.
Sex differences in anhedonia in bipolar depression: a resting-state fMRI study.
Exposure to gestational diabetes mellitus in utero impacts hippocampal functional connectivity in response to food cues in children
MRI brain structural and functional networks changes in Parkinson disease with REM sleep behavior disorders
Childhood urbanicity is associated with emotional episodic memory-related striatal function and common variation in NTRK2
Sound-localization-related activation and functional connectivity of dorsal auditory pathway in relation to demographic, cognitive, and behavioral characteristics in age-related hearing loss
Resting-state functional connectivity of amygdala subregions predicts treatment outcome for cognitive behavioral therapy in obsessive-compulsive disorder at a 4-month follow-up.
Additive Effects of Monetary Loss and Positive Emotion in the Human Brain
Differences in Discounting Behavior and Brain Responses for Food and Money Reward
BPI-GNN: Interpretable brain network-based psychiatric diagnosis and subtyping.
Human in vivo evidence of associations between herpes simplex virus and cerebral amyloid-beta load in normal aging
Functional connectivity of the amygdala subregions and the antidepressant effects of repeated ketamine infusions in major depressive disorder
Static and dynamic functional connectivity of the habenula in late-life depression patient with suicidal ideation.
The influence of the precuneus on the medial temporal cortex determines the subjective quality of memory during the retrieval of naturalistic episodes
Connecting the dots: Motor and default mode network crossroads in post-stroke motor learning deficits
Change in brain activation after transcranial pulsed electromagnetic fields in treatment-resistant depression.
Neural substrates of the interaction between effort-expenditure reward decision-making and outcome anticipation.
[Analysis of changes in intrinsic neural timescales in male smoking addicts based on whole brain resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging].
Explainable artificial intelligence (xAI) in neuromarketing/consumer neuroscience: an fMRI study on brand perception
Modulations of resting-static functional connectivity on insular by electroacupuncture in subjective tinnitus
Altered empathy processing in frontotemporal dementia A task-based fMRI study
High-fidelity intravoxel incoherent motion parameter mapping using locally low-rank and subspace modeling.
Interpersonal brain synchronization during face-to-face economic exchange between acquainted dyads
Brain structure variation and individual differences in theory of mind among older adults
Functional connectivity-hemodynamic (un)coupling changes in chronic mild brain injury are associated with mental health and neurocognitive indices: a resting state fMRI study
Increased anger and stress and heightened connectivity between IFG and vmPFC in victims during social interaction
Neurofeedback training of executive function in autism spectrum disorder: distinct effects on brain activity levels and compensatory connectivity changes
Frequency-dependent alterations in functional connectivity in patients with Alzheimer’s Disease spectrum disorders
Exosomal miR-1202 mediates Brodmann Area 44 functional connectivity changes in medication-free patients with major depressive disorder: An fMRI study.
Inverted U-shape-like functional connectivity alterations in cognitive resting-state networks depending on exercise intensity: An fMRI study.
Examining neural responses to anticipating or receiving monetary rewards and the development of binge eating in youth. A registered report using data from the Adolescent Brain Cognitive Development (ABCD) study
Revealing the mechanism of central pain hypersensitivity in primary dysmenorrhea: evidence from neuroimaging
Behind the wheel: exploring gray matter variations in experienced drivers
Brain structural alterations associated with impulsiveness in male violent patients with schizophrenia
Light3DHS: A lightweight 3D hippocampus segmentation method using multiscale convolution attention and vision transformer.
Atypical brain structural connectivity and social cognition in childhood maltreatment and peer victimisation
Cerebral blood flow changes in maintenance hemodialysis patients with restless legs syndrome and their clinical significance:a cross-sectional case-control study
Use of functional magnetic resonance imaging to identify cortical loci for lower limb movements and their efficacy for individuals after stroke
Mapping structural covariance networks of emotional withdrawal symptoms in males with methamphetamine use disorder during abstinence
Cortical Morphology in Cannabis Use Disorder: Implications for Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation Treatment
Predicting the efficacy of donepezil intervention in Alzheimer’s disease patients using regional homogeneity in the inferior orbitofrontal cortex
Vicarious punishment of moral violations in naturalistic drama narratives predicts cortical synchronization.
Beyond visual integration: sensitivity of the temporal-parietal junction for objects, places, and faces
Neural correlates of recalled sadness, joy, and fear states: a source reconstruction EEG study
Perceiving humanness across ages: neural correlates and behavioral patterns
Total sleep deprivation alters spontaneous brain activity in medical staff during routine clinical work: a resting-state functional MR imaging study
Language processing following childhood poverty: Evidence for disrupted neural networks.
Enhancing ventrolateral prefrontal cortex activation mitigates social pain and modifies subsequent social attitudes: Insights from TMS and fMRI.
Who am I with my Lewy bodies? The insula as a core region of the self-concept networks
Distinct brain network organizations between club players and novices under different difficulty levels
Creative tempo: Spatiotemporal dynamics of the default mode network in improvisational musicians
Neural Biomarkers for Identifying Atopic Dermatitis and Assessing Acupuncture Treatment Response Using Resting-State fMRI
The Neural Basis of a Cognitive Function That Suppresses the Generation of Mental Imagery: Evidence from a Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Phonological properties of logographic words modulate brain activation in bilinguals: a comparative study of Chinese characters and Japanese Kanji
Brain alterations in adolescents with first-episode depression who have experienced adverse events: evidence from resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging
Distinct global brain connectivity alterations in depressed adolescents with subthreshold mania and the relationship with processing speed: Evidence from sBEAD Cohort.
Differences in fractional amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations (fALFF) and cognitive function between untreated major depressive disorder and schizophrenia with depressive mood patients
The increased effective connectivity from left middle occipital gyrus to right medial septum/diagonal bands in AD patients after donepezil intervention
Increased functional integration of emotional control network in late adulthood
The underlying neuropsychological and neural correlates of the impaired Chinese reading skills in children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.
Early stage of radiological expertise modulates resting-state local coherence in the inferior temporal lobe
Oxytocin normalizes the implicit processing of fearful faces in psychopathy: a randomized crossover study using fMRI
Postpartum depression and major depressive disorder: the same or not? Evidence from resting-state functional MRI
Dynamic alterations of amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations in patients with chronic neck pain
The right inferior frontal gyrus as pivotal node and effective regulator of the basal ganglia-thalamocortical response inhibition circuit
Gender difference in network relationship between inter-temporal decisions and prefrontal activation levels in internet gaming disorder
Neural substrates of behavioral inhibitory control during the two-choice oddball task: functional neuroimaging evidence
Sex differences of brain cortical structure in major depressive disorder
Sex dimorphic cortical brain volumes associated with antisocial behavior in young adults
Involvement of the anterior insula and frontal operculum during wh-question comprehension of wh-in-situ Korean language
The overlap across psychotic disorders: A functional network connectivity analysis.
No evidence for an association of voxel-based morphometry with short-term non-motor outcomes in deep brain stimulation for Parkinson’s disease
Accelerated epigenetic age is associated with whole-brain functional connectivity and impaired cognitive performance in older adults
Altered Functional Connectivity of Temporoparietal Lobe in Obstructive Sleep Apnea: A Resting-State fNIRS Study
Differential Cortical and Subcortical Activations during Different Stages of Muscle Control: A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Neural correlates of chocolate brand preference: A functional MRI study.
Altered functional brain activity in first-episode major depressive disorder treated with electro-acupuncture: A resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Neural substrates of affective temperaments: An intersubject representational similarity analysis to resting‐state functional magnetic resonance imaging in nonclinical subjects
Comparison between morphometry and radiomics: detecting normal brain aging based on grey matter
Efficacy of a gamified digital therapy for speech production in people with chronic aphasia (iTalkBetter): behavioural and imaging outcomes of a phase II item-randomised clinical trial
Executive function deficits in patients with the first episode of late-life depression before and after SSRI treatment: A pilot fMRI study.
Striatal Functional Hypoconnectivity in Patients With Schizophrenia Suffering From Negative Symptoms, Longitudinal Findings.
The spontaneous activities of the multiple demand network are related to individual differences in indirect replies comprehension.
Short communication: Lifetime musical activity and resting-state functional connectivity in cognitive networks
Revealing the spatiotemporal brain dynamics of covert speech compared with overt speech: A simultaneous EEG-fMRI study.
Prefrontal tDCS modulates risk-taking in male violent offenders
Detecting language network alterations in mild cognitive impairment using task‐based fMRI and resting‐state fMRI: A comparative study
Have you been there before? Decoding recognition of spatial scenes from fMRI signals in precuneus
The anterior cingulate cortex is involved in intero-exteroceptive integration for spatial image transformation of the self-body.
Contrasting neurofunctional correlates of face- and visuospatial-processing in children and adolescents with Williams syndrome: convergent results from four fMRI paradigms
Aberrant connectivity in the hippocampus, bilateral insula and temporal poles precedes treatment resistance in first-episode psychosis: a prospective resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study with connectivity concordance mapping
A study on the association between prefrontal functional connectivity and non-suicidal self-injury in adolescents with depression
Intrinsic functional connectivity of motor and heteromodal association cortex predicts individual differences in regulatory focus
Functional connectivity is linked to working memory differences in children with reading learning disability
The well-worn route revisited: Striatal and hippocampal system contributions to familiar route navigation.
The vmPFC-IPL functional connectivity as the neural basis of future self-continuity impacted procrastination: the mediating role of anticipated positive outcomes
An attentional and working memory theory of hallucination vulnerability in frontotemporal dementia
Structural and functional brain alterations in subthreshold depression: A multimodal coordinate‐based meta‐analysis
Comparing the ‘When’ and the ‘Where’ of Electrocortical Activity in Patients with Tourette Syndrome, Body-Focused Repetitive Behaviors, and Obsessive Compulsive Disorder
Altered Functional Connectivity during Mild Transient Respiratory Impairment Induced by a Resistive Load
Brain Networks Modulation during Simple and Complex Gait: A “Mobile Brain/Body Imaging” Study
Loss, gain and choice difficulty in gambling patients: Neural and behavioural processes
Excessive left anterior hippocampal and caudate activation in schizophrenia underlie cognitive underperformance in a virtual navigation task.
Test-retest reliability of resting-state cerebral blood flow quantification using pulsed Arterial Spin Labeling (PASL) over 3 weeks vs 8 weeks in healthy controls.
Common neural dysfunction of economic decision-making across psychiatric conditions.
Aberrant concordance among dynamics of spontaneous brain activity in patients with migraine without aura: A multivariate pattern analysis study
Investigating the neural substrate variations between easy and challenging creative association tasks during product design within an fMRI scanner
Mapping the differential impact of spontaneous and conversational laughter on brain and mind: an fMRI study in autism
An fMRI-based investigation of the effects of odors on the functional connectivity network underlying the working memory.
Sports promote brain evolution: a resting-state fMRI study of volleyball athlete
Elucidating the underlying components of metacognitive systematic bias in the human dorsolateral prefrontal cortex and inferior parietal cortex
An Effect of Chronic Negative Stress on Hippocampal Structures and Functional Connectivity in Patients with Depressive Disorder
Blink-related arousal network surges are shaped by cortical vigilance states
Decreased inter-hemispheric cooperation in major depressive disorder and its association with neurotransmitter profiles.
State rumination predicts inhibitory control failures and dysregulation of default, salience, and cognitive control networks in youth at risk of depressive relapse: Findings from the RuMeChange trial
Neural mechanisms of costly helping in the general population and mirror-pain synesthetes
Aberrant cerebral blood flow and functional connectivity in patients with vestibular migraine: a resting-state ASL and fMRI study
Elevated gonadotropin levels are associated with increased biomarker risk of Alzheimer’s disease in midlife women
Brain abnormalities in survivors of COVID-19 after 2-year recovery: a functional MRI study
Decomposition of Reinforcement Learning Deficits in Disordered Gambling via Drift Diffusion Modeling and Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging
Investigating the neural effects of typicality and predictability for face and object stimuli
To lie or to tell the truth? The influence of processing the opponent’s feedback on the forthcoming choice
Two Sides of Theory of Mind: Mental State Attribution to Moving Shapes in Paranoid Schizophrenia Is Independent of the Severity of Positive Symptoms
Appetitive conditioning with pornographic stimuli elicits stronger activation in reward regions than monetary and gaming‐related stimuli
Amygdala structural and functional reorganization as an indicator of affective dysfunction in patients with tinnitus
Functional connectivity alterations in the thalamus among patients with bronchial asthma
Social intelligence mediates the protective role of resting-state brain activity in the social cognition network against social anxiety
Hypothalamic effective connectivity at rest is associated with body weight and energy homeostasis
Exploring brain plasticity in developmental dyslexia through implicit sequence learning
Interactions between physical exercise, associative memory, and genetic risk for Alzheimer’s disease
Prenatal exposure to alcohol and its impact on reward processing and substance use in adulthood
Motor imagery-based brain–computer interface rehabilitation programs enhance upper extremity performance and cortical activation in stroke patients
Microstructural evaluation of the brain with advanced magnetic resonance imaging techniques in cases of electrical status epilepticus during sleep (ESES)
Robust memory of face moral values is encoded in the human caudate tail: a simultaneous EEG-fMRI study
Neural activity and Connectivity are Related to Food Preference Changes Induced by Food Go/No-Go Training.
Cortical grey matter volume differences in children with developmental coordination disorder compared to typically developing children
Dynamic causal modeling analysis reveals the modulation of motor cortex and integration in superior temporal gyrus during multisensory speech perception
Altered dynamic functional connectivity of insular subdivisions among male cigarette smokers
Aberrant functional hubs and related networks attributed to cognitive impairment in patients with anti‑N‑methyl‑D‑aspartate receptor encephalitis
The Duration of Chronic Pain Can Affect Brain Functional Changes of the Pain Matrix in Patients with Chronic Back Pain: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Reduced inhibition control ability in children with ADHD due to coexisting learning disorders: an fNIRS study
The interaction effect of high social support and resilience on functional connectivity using seed-based resting-state assessed by 7-Tesla ultra-high field MRI
Differences in Cortical Surface Area in Developmental Language Disorder
An fMRI study on alexithymia and affective state recognition in the Reading the Mind in the Eyes Test.
