Acute aerobic exercise increases cortical activity during working memory: a functional MRI study in female college students.
Developmental differences in the neural correlates of relational encoding and recall in children: an event-related fMRI study.
The neural substrate of arithmetic operations and procedure complexity
Neural processing associated with comprehension of an indirect reply during a scenario reading task.
Postmenopausal hormone use impact on emotion processing circuitry.
Neural correlates of disbalanced motor control in major depression.
Propofol disrupts functional interactions between sensory and high-order processing of auditory verbal memory.
Functionally distinct regions for spatial processing and sensory motor integration in the planum temporale.
Imitation components in the human brain: an fMRI study.
Spatial language processing in the blind: evidence for a supramodal representation and cortical reorganization.
Specifically progressive deficits of brain functional marker in amnestic type mild cognitive impairment.
The effect of negative and positive emotionality on associative memory: an FMRI study.
The synchronization of spontaneous BOLD activity predicts extraversion and neuroticism.
Right hemispheric participation in semantic decision improves performance.
Neural correlates of inhibitory control in adult attention deficit/hyperactivity  disorder: evidence from the Milwaukee longitudinal sample.
Impact of state anxiety on the interaction between threat monitoring and cognition.
Feature integration in visual working memory: parietal gamma activity is related  to cognitive coordination.
Nucleus accumbens mediates relative motivation for rewards in the absence of choice.
Mentalizing impairment in schizophrenia: a functional MRI study.
Hedging your bets by learning reward correlations in the human brain.
"Age-related changes in the three-way correlation between anterior hippocampus volume, whole-brain patterns of encoding activity and subsequent context retrieval."
Brain regions associated with moment-to-moment adjustments in control and stable  task-set maintenance.
To wake or not to wake? The two-sided nature of the human K-complex.
Turning on the alarm: the neural mechanisms of the transition from innocuous to painful sensation.
Abeta Deposition in aging is associated with increases in brain activation during successful memory encoding.
Attitudes trigger motor behavior through conditioned associations: neural and behavioral evidence.
The temporal dynamics of voluntary emotion regulation.
Some is not enough: quantifier comprehension in corticobasal syndrome and behavioral variant frontotemporal dementia.
Aging-related changes in the default mode network and its anti-correlated networks: a resting-state fMRI study.
The primary somatosensory cortex largely contributes to the early part of the cortical response elicited by nociceptive stimuli.
Large scale brain activations predict reasoning profiles.
From storage to manipulation: How the neural correlates of verbal working memory  reflect varying demands on inner speech.
Neural correlates of metonymy resolution.
Sensory and semantic category subdivisions within the anterior temporal lobes.
Association between language and spatial laterality and cognitive ability: an fMRI study.
Neural correlates of contextual cueing are modulated by explicit learning.
Multivariate searchlight classification of structural magnetic resonance imaging  in children and adolescents with autism.
Gray matter alteration in dyslexia: converging evidence from volumetric and voxel-by-voxel MRI analyses
Microcontroller based fibre-optic visual presentation system for multisensory neuroimaging.
Female children with autism spectrum disorder: an insight from mass-univariate and pattern classification analyses.
The balance between feeling and knowing: affective and cognitive empathy are reflected in the brain's intrinsic functional dynamics.
Cortical pattern of complex but not simple movements is affected in writer's cramp: a parametric event-related fMRI study.
The hierarchical organization of semantic memory: executive function in the processing of superordinate concepts.
Voxel-based morphometry of patients with schizophrenia or bipolar I disorder: a matched control study.
Neural correlates of blink suppression and the buildup of a natural bodily urge.
Altered spontaneous activity in Alzheimer's disease and mild cognitive impairment revealed by Regional Homogeneity.
Neural correlates of relational and item-specific encoding during working and long-term memory in schizophrenia.
Cognitive reappraisal in trauma-exposed women with borderline personality disorder.
Functional topography of the cerebellum for motor and cognitive tasks: an fMRI study.
"Cortico-subcortical visual, somatosensory, and motor activations for perceiving dynamic whole-body emotional expressions with and without striate cortex (V1)."
Optimizing full-brain coverage in human brain MRI through population distributions of brain size.
Sex differences in the medial temporal lobe during encoding and recognition of pseudowords and abstract designs.
Feedback timing modulates brain systems for learning in humans.
Adolescents' depressive symptoms moderate neural responses to their mothers' positive behavior.
Longitudinal loss of gray matter volume in patients with first-episode schizophrenia: DARTEL automated analysis and ROI validation.
Reliability analysis of the resting state can sensitively and specifically identify the presence of Parkinson disease.
Tactile motion and pattern processing assessed with high-field FMRI.
Audiovisual synchrony enhances BOLD responses in a brain network including multisensory STS while also enhancing target-detection performance for both modalities.
Impairment of auditory-motor timing and compensatory reorganization after ventral premotor cortex stimulation.
Repetition of letter strings leads to activation of and connectivity with word-related regions.
A bilateral frontoparietal network underlies visuospatial analogical reasoning.
Culture modulates brain activity during empathy with anger.
Imitation and observational learning of hand actions: prefrontal involvement and  connectivity.
Using real-time fMRI to learn voluntary regulation of the anterior insula in the  presence of threat-related stimuli.
Revealing the functional neuroanatomy of intrinsic alertness using fMRI: methodological peculiarities.
Influence of estradiol on functional brain organization for working memory.
Nicotine withdrawal modulates frontal brain function during an affective Stroop task.
"Cognitive control links alcohol use, trait disinhibition, and reduced cognitive capacity: Evidence for medial prefrontal cortex dysregulation during reward-seeking behavior."
Brain activation disturbance for target detection in patients with mild cognitive impairment: an fMRI study.
fMRI of the brain's response to stimuli experimentally paired with alcohol intoxication.
Comparing apples and oranges: using reward-specific and reward-general subjective value representation in the brain.
The hippocampus is functionally connected to the striatum and orbitofrontal cortex during context dependent decision making.
The neural correlates of object-centered processing in reading: a lesion study of neglect dyslexia.
Investigating brain connectivity using mixed effects vector autoregressive models.
True and phantom recollection: an fMRI investigation of similar and distinct neural correlates and connectivity.
The neural mechanisms of reliability weighted integration of shape information from vision and touch.
Routes to the past: neural substrates of direct and generative autobiographical memory retrieval.
Predicting decisions in human social interactions using real-time fMRI and pattern classification.
Pharmacotherapy impacts functional connectivity among affective circuits during response inhibition in pediatric mania.
Inconsistencies in spontaneous and intentional trait inferences.
Neural recruitment during failed motor inhibition differentiates youths with bipolar disorder and severe mood dysregulation.
Similarities and differences of white matter connectivity and water diffusivity in bipolar I and II disorder.
The neural basis for establishing a focal point in pure coordination games.
Mapping brain activation and information during category-specific visual working  memory.
Nothing to lose: processing blindness to potential losses drives thrill and adventure seekers.
Mechanisms underlying flexible adaptation of cognitive control: behavioral and neuroimaging evidence in a flanker task.
What's the story? The tale of reading fluency told at speed.
"Negative stereotype activation alters interaction between neural correlates of arousal, inhibition and cognitive control."
Menstrual cycle variations in the BOLD-response to a number bisection task: implications for research on sex differences.
Scale-free properties of the functional magnetic resonance imaging signal during  rest and task.
Neural correlates of interindividual differences in children's audiovisual speech perception.
Lower activation in the right frontoparietal network during a counting Stroop task in a cocaine-dependent group.
Encoding: the keystone to efficient functioning of verbal short-term memory.
Subcortical contributions to effective connectivity in brain networks supporting  imitation.
The effect of observed biological and non biological movements on action imitation: an fMRI study.
Multimodal functional network connectivity: an EEG-fMRI fusion in network space.
Differential neural activity and connectivity for processing one's own face: a preliminary report.
Difficulty processing temporary syntactic ambiguities in Lewy body spectrum disorder.
Specific cerebellar regions are related to force amplitude and rate of force development.
Mental addition in bilinguals: an FMRI study of task-related and performance-related activation.
"A hypomethylating variant of MTHFR, 677C>T, blunts the neural response to errors  in patients with schizophrenia and healthy individuals."
"The value of success: acquiring gains, avoiding losses, and simply being successful."
Response perseveration in stimulant dependence is associated with striatal dysfunction and can be ameliorated by a D(2/3) receptor agonist.
Taking a different perspective: mindset influences neural regions that represent  value and choice.
Dimensional brain-behavior relationships in children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.
Rostral prefrontal cortex and the focus of attention in prospective memory.
Neural processes of preparatory control for stop signal inhibition.
Modeling conflict and error in the medial frontal cortex.
Optimized neural coding? Control mechanisms in large cortical networks implemented by connectivity changes.
Distinct roles of three frontal cortical areas in reward-guided behavior.
Identifying bilingual semantic neural representations across languages.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation intensities in cognitive paradigms.
"Componential Granger causality, and its application to identifying the source and mechanisms of the top-down biased activation that controls attention to affective vs sensory processing."
Distinct pathways of neural coupling for different basic emotions.
"Stroop interference, hemodynamic response and aging: an event-related fMRI study."
Neural activation during inhibition predicts initiation of substance use in adolescence.
Neural correlates of skill acquisition: decreased cortical activity during a serial interception sequence learning task.
Neural changes following cognitive behaviour therapy for psychosis: a longitudinal study.
Functional MRI of sleep spindles and K-complexes.
The right posterior paravermis and the control of language interference.
Event congruency and episodic encoding: a developmental fMRI study.
The attenuation of dysfunctional emotional processing with stimulant medication:  an fMRI study of adolescents with ADHD.
Common capacity-limited neural mechanisms of selective attention and spatial working memory encoding.
"Apathy, depression, and motor symptoms have distinct and separable resting activity patterns in idiopathic Parkinson disease."
Mind wandering and attention during focused meditation: a fine-grained temporal analysis of fluctuating cognitive states.
"Abnormal neural activities in first-episode, treatment-naive, short-illness-duration, and treatment-response patients with major depressive disorder: a resting-state fMRI study."
An fMRI investigation of a novel analogue to the Trail-Making Test.
Aberrant visual circuitry associated with normal spatial match-to-sample accuracy in schizophrenia.
Goal-directed actions activate the face-sensitive posterior superior temporal sulcus and fusiform gyrus in the absence of human-like perceptual cues.
Goal-independent mechanisms for free response generation: creative and pseudo-random performance share neural substrates.
Age differences in spatial working memory contributions to visuomotor adaptation  and transfer.
Sustained gamma band synchronization in early visual areas reflects the level of  selective attention.
The attention network of the human brain: relating structural damage associated with spatial neglect to functional imaging correlates of spatial attention.
Phonological manipulation between speech perception and production activates a parieto-frontal circuit.
The organization of the human cerebellum estimated by intrinsic functional connectivity.
Altered regional homogeneity in motor cortices in patients with multiple system atrophy.
Activation in a frontoparietal cortical network underlies individual differences  in the performance of an embedded figures task.
Low and high imagers activate networks differentially in mental rotation.
Neural correlates in the processing of phoneme-level complexity in vowel production.
The neural correlates of specific versus general autobiographical memory construction and elaboration.
Self-modulation of primary motor cortex activity with motor and motor imagery tasks using real-time fMRI-based neurofeedback.
"Spontaneous revisitation during visual exploration as a link among strategic behavior, learning, and the hippocampus."
Adaptive influence of long term high altitude residence on spatial working memory: an fMRI study.
Neural correlates of training-related working-memory gains in old age.
Comparison of the choice effect and the distance effect in a number-comparison task by FMRI.
Hand shape selection in pantomimed grasping: interaction between the dorsal and the ventral visual streams and convergence on the ventral premotor area.
Dissociation and association of the embodied representation of tool-use verbs and hand verbs: An fMRI study.
Effects of mobile phone signals over BOLD response while performing a cognitive task.
Cortical processing of tactile direction discrimination based on spatiotemporal cues in man.
The neural correlates of strategic reading comprehension: cognitive control and discourse comprehension.
The effect of 30% oxygen on visuospatial performance and brain activation: An fMRI study
Dissociative neural correlates of semantic processing of nouns and verbs in Chinese--a language with minimal inflectional morphology.
Amygdala and heart rate variability responses from listening to emotionally intense parts of a story.
Reproducibility and discriminability of brain patterns of semantic categories enhanced by congruent audiovisual stimuli.
Toward a brain-based theory of beauty.
Error-related processing following severe traumatic brain injury: an event-related functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) study.
Contralateral delay activity tracks object identity information in visual short term memory.
The signer and the sign: cortical correlates of person identity and language processing from point-light displays.
Spatial Variance in Resting fMRI Networks of Schizophrenia Patients: An Independent Vector Analysis.
Localization of brain activation by umami taste in humans.
Meditation training increases brain efficiency in an attention task.
Social anhedonia is associated with neural abnormalities during face emotion processing.
A whole-brain voxel based measure of intrinsic connectivity contrast reveals local changes in tissue connectivity with anesthetic without a priori assumptions on thresholds or regions of interest.
Speech entrainment enables patients with Broca's aphasia to produce fluent speech.
Awareness-related activity in prefrontal and parietal cortices in blindsight reflects more than superior visual performance.
Programmable tactile pattern presentations operational under MRI to investigate neural mechanisms of tactile shape discrimination.
Motion-related artefacts in EEG predict neuronally plausible patterns of activation in fMRI data.
Association between CHRNA5 genetic variation at rs16969968 and brain reactivity to smoking images in nicotine dependent women.
Serotonin transporter genotype modulates the association between depressive symptoms and amygdala activity among psychiatrically healthy adults.
Smoking withdrawal is associated with increases in brain activation during decision making and reward anticipation: a preliminary study.
Different types of target probability have different prefrontal consequences.
Perceptual and anatomic patterns of selective deficits in facial identity and expression processing.
Impact of load-related neural processes on feature binding in visuospatial working memory.
Emotionally negative stimuli can overcome attentional deficits in patients with visuo-spatial hemineglect.
Multi-task functional MRI in multiple sclerosis patients without clinical disability.
Functional connectivity tracks clinical deterioration in Alzheimer's disease.
Neural correlates of the processing of self-referent emotional information in bulimia nervosa.
Calibrated fMRI during a cognitive Stroop task reveals reduced metabolic response with increasing age.
"Amygdala connectivity differs among chronic, early course, and individuals at risk for developing schizophrenia."
Evaluative and generative modes of thought during the creative process.
Normal amygdala activation but deficient ventrolateral prefrontal activation in adults with bipolar disorder during euthymia.
How one's favorite song activates the reward circuitry of the brain: personality  matters!
Moderators of the association between brain activation and farsighted choice.
Amygdalar function reflects common individual differences in emotion and pain regulation success.
Brain volume changes in Parkinson's disease and their relationship with cognitive and behavioural abnormalities.
Word intelligibility and age predict visual cortex activity during word listening.
Neural bases of selective attention in action video game players.
White matter integrity and five-factor personality measures in healthy adults.
Changing the structure of complex visuo-motor sequences selectively activates the fronto-parietal network.
fMRI working memory hypo-activations in schizophrenia come with a coupling deficit between arousal and cognition.
How grossed out are you? The neural bases of emotion regulation from childhood to adolescence.
Neural activation during imitation of movements presented from four different perspectives: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Learning to play a melody: an fMRI study examining the formation of auditory-motor associations.
Impaired neural processing of social attribution in anorexia nervosa.
Brain connectivity during resting state and subsequent working memory task predicts behavioural performance.
The insula-claustrum region and delusions in schizophrenia.
Variation of the gene coding for DARPP-32 (PPP1R1B) and brain connectivity during associative emotional learning.
Squeezing lemons in the bathroom: contextual information modulates action recognition.
Corticotropin-releasing factor receptor 1 antagonist alters regional activation and effective connectivity in an emotional-arousal circuit during expectation of  abdominal pain.
Habituation within the somatosensory processing hierarchy.
Early influence of the rs4675690 on the neural substrates of sadness.
Fear-relevant outcomes modulate the neural correlates of probabilistic classification learning.
Specialization in the human brain: the case of numbers.
Abnormal spontaneous brain activity in medication-naive ADHD children: a resting  state fMRI study.
A role for the hippocampus in encoding simulations of future events.
Functional disconnection and compensation in mild cognitive impairment: evidence  from DLPFC connectivity using resting-state fMRI.
Reduced specificity of hippocampal and posterior ventrolateral prefrontal activity during relational retrieval in normal aging.
Altered resting-state functional connectivity of thalamus in earthquake-induced posttraumatic stress disorder: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Mirror-image sensitivity and invariance in object and scene processing pathways.
Network modulation during complex syntactic processing.
Electrophysiological correlates of non-symbolic numerical magnitude processing in children: joining the dots.
Genetic variation in nicotinic receptors affects brain networks involved in reorienting attention.
Involvement of the endocannabinoid system in reward processing in the human brain.
Neural circuitry underlying affective response to peer feedback in adolescence.
Task-induced deactivation from rest extends beyond the default mode brain network.
Anterior medial prefrontal cortex exhibits activation during task preparation but deactivation during task execution.
Exploring the neural correlates of delusions of reference.
Differential magnitude coding of gains and omitted rewards in the ventral striatum.
Regional homogeneity changes in social anxiety disorder: a resting-state fMRI study.
Semantic fluency deficits and reduced grey matter before transition to psychosis: a voxelwise correlational analysis.
Rostrolateral prefrontal cortex: domain-general or domain-sensitive?
Oscillatory MEG gamma band activity dissociates perceptual and conceptual aspects of visual object processing: a combined repetition/conceptual priming study.
Smoking experience modulates the cortical integration of vision and haptics.
Removing the effect of response time on brain activity reveals developmental differences in conflict processing in the posterior medial prefrontal cortex.
Altered resting-state effective connectivity of fronto-parietal motor control systems on the primary motor network following stroke.
Form and motion make independent contributions to the response to biological motion in occipitotemporal cortex.
Fronto-striato-cerebellar dysregulation in adolescents with depression during motivated attention.
"Don't look back in anger: neural correlates of reappraisal, analytical rumination, and angry rumination during recall of an anger-inducing autobiographical memory."
FMRI-adaptation to highly-rendered color photographs of animals and manipulable artifacts during a classification task.
Social anxiety modulates amygdala activation during social conditioning.
Resting-state fMRI study of treatment-naive temporal lobe epilepsy patients with  depressive symptoms.
The neural basis of impossible figures: evidence from an fMRI study of the two-pronged trident.
"Integration of ""what"" and ""where"" in frontal cortex during visual imagery of scenes."
The central role of the temporo-parietal junction and the superior longitudinal fasciculus in supporting multi-item competition: evidence from lesion-symptom mapping of extinction.
Information content and reward processing in the human striatum during performance of a declarative memory task.
How doctors generate diagnostic hypotheses: a study of radiological diagnosis with functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Colateralization of Broca's area and the visual word form area in left-handers: fMRI evidence.
Tempo-spatial analysis of vision-related acupoint specificity in the occipital lobe using fMRI: an ICA study.
Task difficulty modulates young-old differences in network expression.
Orbitofrontal reward sensitivity and impulsivity in adult attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.
Brain activation to phobia-related words in phobic subjects
Neural correlates of wishful thinking.
Role of the striatum in language: Syntactic and conceptual sequencing.
Regional homogeneity of resting state fMRI signals predicts Stop signal task performance.
Neural reactivity tracks fear generalization gradients.
Methylphenidate modulates sustained attention and cortical activation in survivors of traumatic brain injury: a perfusion fMRI study.
Can clouds dance? Neural correlates of passive conceptual expansion using a metaphor processing task: Implications for creative cognition.
Brain activation during spatial updating and attentive tracking of moving targets.
Volumetric variation in subregions of the cerebellum correlates with working memory performance.
"Neural activation during facial emotion processing in unmedicated bipolar depression, euthymia, and mania."
Functional magnetic resonance imaging correlates of emotional word encoding and recognition in depression and anxiety disorders.
False belief and verb non-factivity: a common neural basis?
Postprandial plasma PYY concentrations are associated with increased regional gray matter volume and rCBF declines in caudate nuclei--a combined MRI and H2(15)O PET study.
Inflection in action: Semantic motor system activation to noun- and verb-containing phrases is modulated by the presence of overt grammatical markers.
Temporal lobe volume abnormalities precede the prodrome: a study of children presenting antecedents of schizophrenia.
Resting cerebral metabolism correlates with skin conductance and functional brain activation during fear conditioning.
Adaptive mechanisms of developing brain: cerebral lateralization in the prematurely-born.
Mapping aesthetic musical emotions in the brain.
"Risperidone in first-episode psychosis: A longitudinal, exploratory voxel-based morphometric study"
From novel to familiar: tuning the brain for metaphors.
Striatal activations signal prediction errors on confidence in the absence of external feedback.
Task-specific modulation of effective connectivity during two simple unimanual motor tasks: a 122-channel EEG study.
Sex similarities and differences in pain-related periaqueductal gray connectivity.
Repetition learning of vibrotactile temporal sequences: an fMRI study in blind and sighted individuals.
A sensitive period for language in the visual cortex: distinct patterns of plasticity in congenitally versus late blind adults.
Prism adaptation enhances activity of intact fronto-parietal areas in both hemispheres in neglect patients.
Distinct roles of the 'shared pain' and 'theory of mind' networks in processing others' emotional suffering.
Genetic influences on thinning of the cerebral cortex during development.
Somatosensory activation of two fingers can be discriminated with ultrahigh-density diffuse optical tomography.
Functional organization of the left inferior precentral sulcus: dissociating the  inferior frontal eye field and the inferior frontal junction.
Negative BOLD signal changes in ipsilateral primary somatosensory cortex are associated with perfusion decreases and behavioral evidence for functional inhibition.
The neural correlates of gist-based true and false recognition.
Cortical activation changes underlying stimulation-induced behavioural gains in chronic stroke.
Increased anterior cingulate cortex and hippocampus activation in Complex PTSD during encoding of negative words.
Can we share the joy of others? Empathic neural responses to distress vs joy.
Functional connectivity between amygdala and facial regions involved in recognition of facial threat.
Altered brain activation during visuomotor integration in chronic active cannabis users: relationship to cortisol levels.
First-pass selectivity for semantic categories in human anteroventral temporal lobe.
Stimulus-dependent adjustment of reward prediction error in the midbrain.
Pain attenuation through mindfulness is associated with decreased cognitive control and increased sensory processing in the brain.
Convergent evidence from multimodal imaging reveals amygdala abnormalities in schizophrenic patients and their first-degree relatives.
Resting-state brain organization revealed by functional covariance networks.
"Evidence of a dissociation pattern in resting-state default mode network connectivity in first-episode, treatment-naive major depression patients."
Changes in the regional homogeneity of resting-state brain activity in minimal hepatic encephalopathy.
Reduced striatal activation during reward anticipation due to appetite-provoking  cues in chronic schizophrenia: a fMRI study.
Cortical thickness and folding deficits in conduct-disordered adolescents.
Different roles of the posterior inferior frontal gyrus in Chinese character form judgment differences between literate and illiterate individuals.
Neural correlates of a single-session massage treatment.
Language lateralisation in late proficient bilinguals: a lexical decision fMRI study.
fMRI evidence for strategic decision-making during resolution of pronoun reference.
Taste laterality studied by means of umami and salt stimuli: an fMRI study.
Changes in regional cerebral blood flow and functional connectivity in the cholinergic pathway associated with cognitive performance in subjects with mild Alzheimer's disease after 12-week donepezil t
Neural basis of phonological processing in second language reading: an fMRI study of Chinese regularity effect.
Maturation of task-induced brain activation and long range functional connectivity in adolescence revealed by multivariate pattern classification.
Human auditory cortex is sensitive to the perceived clarity of speech.
Interactions between transient and sustained neural signals support the generation and regulation of anxious emotion.
Recognition memory for Braille or spoken words: an fMRI study in early blind.
Individual differences in neural correlates of fear conditioning as a function of 5-HTTLPR and stressful life events.
Disgust trait modulates frontal-posterior coupling as a function of disgust domain.
Estradiol treatment altered anticholinergic-related brain activation during working memory in postmenopausal women.
Structural abnormalities in the cuneus associated with Herpes Simplex Virus (type 1) infection in people at ultra high risk of developing psychosis.
Cooperative interactions between hippocampal and striatal systems support flexible navigation.
Cortical thickness in primary sensorimotor cortex influences the effectiveness of paired associative stimulation.
Stronger activation and deactivation in archery experts for differential cognitive strategy in visuospatial working memory processing.
Reduced caudate volume and enhanced striatal-DMN integration in chess experts.
Out of touch with reality? Social perception in first-episode schizophrenia.
Affect-specific activation of shared networks for perception and execution of facial expressions.
Remapping the brain to compensate for impairment in recovering alcoholics.
Subjecting elite athletes to inspiratory breathing load reveals behavioral and neural signatures of optimal performers in extreme environments.
Functional brain network modularity captures inter- and intra-individual variation in working memory capacity.
Resting-state brain activity in adult males who stutter.
Cognitive conflict in a syllable identification task causes transient activation  of speech perception area.
Monitoring the mind: the neurocognitive correlates of metamemory.
The effects of stimulant medication on working memory functional connectivity in  attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.
Neural mechanisms underlying the conditioned diminution of the unconditioned fear response.
Cortical plasticity for visuospatial processing and object recognition in deaf and hearing signers.
Emotion disrupts neural activity during selective attention in psychopathy.
Aberrant hippocampal subregion networks associated with the classifications of aMCI subjects: a longitudinal resting-state study.
Statistical epistasis and functional brain imaging support a role of voltage-gated potassium channels in human memory.
Age-related neural dedifferentiation in the motor system.
The neural predictors of choice preference in intertemporal choice.
fMRI responses to emotional faces in children and adolescents at genetic risk for psychiatric illness share some of the features of depression.
Landmark sequencing and route knowledge: an fMRI study.
"Abnormal connectivity between attentional, language and auditory networks in schizophrenia."
The NOS1 variant rs6490121 is associated with variation in prefrontal function and grey matter density in healthy individuals.
Imaging first impressions: distinct neural processing of verbal and nonverbal social information.
Limbic responses to reward cues correlate with antisocial trait density in heavy  drinkers.
Cortical correlates of self-generation in verbal paired associate learning.
Disrupted functional brain connectivity in partial epilepsy: a resting-state fMRI study.
Multivariate pattern analysis reveals common neural patterns across individuals during touch observation.
Facing puberty: associations between pubertal development and neural responses to affective facial displays.
"Human memory manipulated: dissociating factors contributing to MTL activity, an fMRI study."
Medial prefrontal functional connectivity--relation to memory self-appraisal accuracy in older adults with and without memory disorders.
"Fighting food temptations: the modulating effects of short-term cognitive reappraisal, suppression and up-regulation on mesocorticolimbic activity related  to appetitive motivation."
Neural systems for guilt from actions affecting self versus others.
Species-specific response to human infant faces in the premotor cortex.
Abnormal activity in the precuneus during time perception in Parkinson's disease: an fMRI study.
Circadian preference modulates the neural substrate of conflict processing across the day.
The neural substrates of memory suppression: a FMRI exploration of directed forgetting.
The lateralization of motor cortex activation to action-words.
Remembering first impressions: effects of intentionality and diagnosticity on subsequent memory.
Neurological soft signs and gray matter changes: a longitudinal analysis in first-episode schizophrenia.
Both left and right posterior parietal activations contribute to compensatory processes in normal aging
Neural intrinsic connectivity networks associated with risk aversion in old age.
Dissociating behavioral disorders in early dementia-An FDG-PET study.
Neural response to eye contact and paroxetine treatment in generalized social anxiety disorder.
Reduced amygdala-orbitofrontal connectivity during moral judgments in youths with disruptive behavior disorders and psychopathic traits.
Effect of dopamine transporter genotype on intrinsic functional connectivity depends on cognitive state.
Distinct neural substrates for semantic knowledge and naming in the temporoparietal network.
Diminished top-down control underlies a visual imagery deficit in normal aging.
Medial temporal lobe function and recognition memory: a novel approach to separating the contribution of recollection and familiarity.
Intact relational memory and normal hippocampal structure in the early stage of psychosis.
Attentional modulation of perceptual comparison for feature binding.
Autism spectrum traits predict the neural response to eye gaze in typical individuals.
Discrimination task reveals differences in neural bases of tinnitus and hearing impairment.
A preliminary study of the neural effects of behavioral therapy for substance use disorders.
Incongruent abstract stimulus-response bindings result in response interference:  FMRI and EEG evidence from visual object classification priming.
Brain correlates of mathematical competence in processing mathematical representations.
FMRI supports the sensorimotor theory of motor resonance.
The neural coding of expected and unexpected monetary performance outcomes: dissociations between active and observational learning.
Dissociable roles for lateral orbitofrontal cortex and lateral prefrontal cortex  during preference driven reversal learning.
Regional grey and white matter changes in heavy male smokers.
The question shapes the answer: the neural correlates of task differences reveal  dynamic semantic processing.
Language in calculation: a core mechanism?
Neural insensitivity to upticks in value is associated with the disposition effect.
Self-face evaluation and self-esteem in young females: an fMRI study using contrast effect.
"The link between visual exploration and neuronal activity: a multi-modal study combining eye tracking, functional magnetic resonance imaging and transcranial magnetic stimulation."
Single pulse TMS induced disruption to right and left parietal cortex on addition and multiplication.
Anomalous Cerebral Asymmetry in Patients with Schizophrenia Demonstrated by Voxel-Based Morphometry
Moving and being moved: differences in cerebral activation during recollection of whole-body motion.
Major depressive disorder is characterized by greater reward network activation to monetary than pleasant image rewards.
Argument structure effects in action verb naming in static and dynamic conditions
"Contributions of occipital, parietal and parahippocampal cortex to encoding of object-location associations"
Regional heterogeneity in the processing and the production of speech in the human planum temporale.
Lower effective connectivity between amygdala and parietal regions in response to fearful faces in schizophrenia.
An integrative model of the neural systems supporting the comprehension of observed emotional behavior.
Capturing inter-subject variability with group independent component analysis of  fMRI data: a simulation study.
An fMRI study of the brain responses of traumatized mothers to viewing their toddlers during separation and play.
Effects of aversive stimuli on prospective memory. An event-related fMRI study.
The role of stimulus salience and attentional capture across the neural hierarchy in a stop-signal task.
Biological motion task performance predicts superior temporal sulcus activity.
Neurocognitive deficits in male alcoholics: an ERP/sLORETA analysis of the N2 component in an equal probability Go/NoGo task.
Cortical regions underlying successful encoding of semantically congruent and incongruent associations between common auditory and visual objects.
Insula reactivity and connectivity to anterior cingulate cortex when processing threat in generalized social anxiety disorder.
Cardiovascular fitness modulates brain activation associated with spatial learning.
Sleep deprivation alters valuation signals in the ventromedial prefrontal cortex.
Interaction between dysfunctional connectivity at rest and heroin cues-induced brain responses in male abstinent heroin-dependent individuals.
Are historic years understood as numbers or events? An fMRI study of numbers with semantic associations.
Cortical hypoperfusion in Parkinson's disease assessed using arterial spin labeled perfusion MRI.
Event segmentation in a visual language: neural bases of processing American Sign Language predicates.
The impact of serotonin transporter (5-HTTLPR) genotype on the development of resting-state functional connectivity in children and adolescents: a preliminary  report.
Multivariate pattern classification reveals differential brain activation during  emotional processing in individuals with psychosis proneness.
Remitted major depression is characterized by reward network hyperactivation during reward anticipation and hypoactivation during reward outcomes.
Sleep spindle-related reactivation of category-specific cortical regions after learning face-scene associations.
Distinct but overlapping neural networks subserve depression and insecure attachment.
Authenticity affects the recognition of emotions in speech: behavioral and fMRI evidence.
Dissociation of brain areas associated with force production and stabilization during manipulation of unstable objects.
Using novel control groups to dissect the amygdala's role in Williams syndrome.
Neural correlates of emotional recognition memory in schizophrenia: effects of valence and arousal.
Frontoparietal connectivity in substance-naive youth with and without a family history of alcoholism.
Reading salt activates gustatory brain regions: fMRI evidence for semantic grounding in a novel sensory modality.
Mindful attention reduces neural and self-reported cue-induced craving in smokers.
Judgment before principle: engagement of the frontoparietal control network in condemning harms of omission.
Culture-related differences in default network activity during visuo-spatial judgments.
Long-term music training tunes how the brain temporally binds signals from multiple senses.
Functionally specific changes in resting-state sensorimotor networks after motor  learning.
Right-hemispheric cortical contributions to language ability in healthy adults.
Functional connectivity mapping of the human precuneus by resting state fMRI.
Establishing propositional truth-value in counterfactual and real-world contexts  during sentence comprehension: differential sensitivity of the left and right inferior frontal gyri.
Using a shoe as a plant pot: neural correlates of passive conceptual expansion.
Age-related changes in causal interactions between cortical motor regions during  hand grip.
Role of hippocampal CA1 atrophy in memory encoding deficits in amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment.
Rapid transfer of abstract rules to novel contexts in human lateral prefrontal cortex.
Limbic scars: long-term consequences of childhood maltreatment revealed by functional and structural magnetic resonance imaging.
Motivational salience modulates hippocampal repetition suppression and functional connectivity in humans.
"The human likeness dimension of the ""uncanny valley hypothesis"": behavioral and functional MRI findings."
Neural correlates of effective learning in experienced medical decision-makers.
Distinct critical cerebellar subregions for components of verbal working memory.
High responsivity to threat during the initial stage of perception in repression: a 3 T fMRI study.
You can count on the motor cortex: finger counting habits modulate motor cortex activation evoked by numbers.
Neural mechanisms mediating the effects of expectation in visceral placebo analgesia: an fMRI study in healthy placebo responders and nonresponders.
Frontal regional homogeneity increased and temporal regional homogeneity decreased after remission of first-episode drug-naive major depressive disorder with panic disorder patients under duloxetine t
PER2 rs2304672 polymorphism moderates circadian-relevant reward circuitry activity in adolescents.
Co-localisation of abnormal brain structure and function in specific language impairment.
Mechanisms underlying muscle fatigue differ between multiple sclerosis patients and controls: a combined electrophysiological and neuroimaging study.
Facial emotion processing in patients with schizophrenia and their non-psychotic  siblings: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
An fMRI study on the role of serotonin in reactive aggression.
Prefrontal hyperactivation during a working memory task in early-onset schizophrenia spectrum disorders: an fMRI study.
Selective development of anticorrelated networks in the intrinsic functional organization of the human brain.
Assessment of white matter abnormalities in paranoid schizophrenia and bipolar mania patients.
The potato chip really does look like Elvis! Neural hallmarks of conceptual processing associated with finding novel shapes subjectively meaningful.
Neural dissociation in processing noise and accent in spoken language comprehension.
Functional development of fronto-striato-parietal networks associated with time perception.
Gray matter reduction associated with psychopathology and cognitive dysfunction in unipolar depression: a voxel-based morphometry study.
Atypical frontal lobe activity during verbal working memory in youth with a family history of alcoholism.
"A key role for experimental task performance: effects of math talent, gender and  performance on the neural correlates of mental rotation."
Socially excluded individuals fail to recruit medial prefrontal cortex for negative social scenes.
Dissociation between verbal response initiation and suppression after prefrontal  lesions.
Evidence for thalamic involvement in the thermal grill illusion: an FMRI study.
Do brain responses to emotional images and cigarette cues differ? An fMRI study in smokers.
Striatal topography of probability and magnitude information for decisions under  uncertainty.
Analyses of regional-average activation and multivoxel pattern information tell complementary stories.
Synchronized drumming enhances activity in the caudate and facilitates prosocial  commitment--if the rhythm comes easily.
When do you grasp the idea? MEG evidence for instantaneous idiom understanding.
Effects of cerebrovascular risk factors on gray matter volume in adults aged 60–64 years: A voxel-based morphometric study
Neural events leading to and associated with detection of sounds under high processing load.
Working memory in attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder is characterized by a  lack of specialization of brain function.
BMI not WHR modulates BOLD fMRI responses in a sub-cortical reward network when participants judge the attractiveness of human female bodies.
Network asymmetry of motor areas revealed by resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Emotional faces and the default mode network.
Segregated and overlapping neural circuits exist for the production of static and dynamic precision grip force.
Altered neural activation in ornithine transcarbamylase deficiency during executive cognition: an fMRI study.
Music and emotions in the brain: familiarity matters.
"An investigation of changes in regional gray matter volume in cardiovascular disease patients, pre and post cardiovascular rehabilitation☆"
Cognitive control in adolescence: neural underpinnings and relation to self-report behaviors.
Empathic neural responses to others' pain depend on monetary reward.
Automated classification of fMRI during cognitive control identifies more severely disorganized subjects with schizophrenia.
Investigation of melodic contour processing in the brain using multivariate pattern-based fMRI.
Neural processing of reward magnitude under varying attentional demands.
Mental number line training in children with developmental dyscalculia.
Specialization for written words over objects in the visual cortex.
Emotional and cognitive stimuli differentially engage the default network during  inductive reasoning.
Alexithymia and regional gray matter alterations in schizophrenia.
Developmental effects of reward on sustained attention networks.
Cortical network differences in the sighted versus early blind for recognition of human-produced action sounds.
Altered prefrontal and insular cortical thickness in adolescent marijuana users.
Effects of the BDNF Val66Met polymorphism on neural responses to facial emotion.
Functional imaging of sleep vertex sharp transients.
The neural correlates of visual working memory encoding: a time-resolved fMRI study.
Looking to the future: automatic regulation of attention between current performance and future plans.
Effects of cue-exposure treatment on neural cue reactivity in alcohol dependence: a randomized trial.
The role of negative affectivity and social inhibition in perceiving social threat: an fMRI study.
Haptic perception and body representation in lateral and medial occipito-temporal cortices.
How specific is specific phobia? Different neural response patterns in two subtypes of specific phobia.
Cortical and striatal contributions to automaticity in information-integration categorization.
Structural brain changes in normal individuals with a maternal history of Alzheimer's.
Dual-task processing in younger and older adults: similarities and differences revealed by fMRI.
Neural correlates of instrumental contingency learning: differential effects of action-reward conjunction and disjunction.
Latencies in BOLD response during visual attention processes.
"Modulation of resting brain cerebral blood flow by the GABA B agonist, baclofen:  a longitudinal perfusion fMRI study."
Distinction between the literal and intended meanings of sentences: a functional  magnetic resonance imaging study of metaphor and sarcasm.
Neural correlates of choice behavior related to impulsivity and venturesomeness.
Motor control of jaw movements: An fMRI study of parafunctional clench and grind  behavior.
Personality traits and the amplitude of spontaneous low-frequency oscillations during resting state.
Atypical neural networks for social orienting in autism spectrum disorders.
Cognitive and metacognitive activity in mathematical problem solving: prefrontal  and parietal patterns.
"Associations between cortical thickness and verbal fluency in childhood, adolescence, and young adulthood."
Robustness of intrinsic connectivity networks in the human brain to the presence  of acoustic scanner noise.
Brain activity associated with recognition of appropriate action selection based  on allocentric perspectives.
Influences of negative BOLD responses on positive BOLD responses.
Neurobehavioral mechanisms of human fear generalization.
"Conduction aphasia, sensory-motor integration, and phonological short-term memory - an aggregate analysis of lesion and fMRI data."
Increased amygdala response to positive social feedback in young people with major depressive disorder.
Word wins over face: emotional Stroop effect activates the frontal cortical network.
A neural region of abstract working memory.
Brain structure correlates of individual differences in the acquisition and inhibition of conditioned fear.
Perceptual load-dependent neural correlates of distractor interference inhibition.
Executive functions and prefrontal cortex: a matter of persistence?
An expectation-based memory deficit in aging.
Fear and stop: a role for the amygdala in motor inhibition by emotional signals.
Dysfunctional reward circuitry in obsessive-compulsive disorder.
fMRI correlates of working memory: specific posterior representation sites for motion and position information.
Reduced prefrontal functional connectivity in the default mode network is related to greater psychopathology in subjects with high genetic loading for schizophrenia.
Development of the action observation network during early adolescence: a longitudinal study.
"Left inferior frontal cortex and syntax: function, structure and behaviour in patients with left hemisphere damage."
Human reversal learning under conditions of certain versus uncertain outcomes.
Evidence for conceptual combination in the left anterior temporal lobe.
"The effects of age, memory performance, and callosal integrity on the neural correlates of successful associative encoding."
Individualized and clinically derived stimuli activate limbic structures in depression: an fMRI study.
Impact of Mindfulness-Based Stress Reduction training on intrinsic brain connectivity.
The left fusiform gyrus hosts trisensory representations of manipulable objects.
Frontoparietal activation distinguishes face and space from artifact concepts.
Relationships between beta-amyloid and functional connectivity in different components of the default mode network in aging.
Methylphenidate does not improve interference control during a working memory task in young patients with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder.
The structural neuroanatomy of music emotion recognition: evidence from frontotemporal lobar degeneration.
The locative alternation: distinguishing linguistic processing cost from error signals in Broca's region.
Motor Representations and Practice Affect Brain Systems Underlying Imagery: An fMRI Study of Internal Imagery in Novices and Active High Jumpers 
Distinct neural substrates of duration-based and beat-based auditory timing.
The cortical response to the oral perception of fat emulsions and the effect of taster status.
Fronto-limbic dysfunction in mania pre-treatment and persistent amygdala over-activity post-treatment in pediatric bipolar disorder.
Eye muscle proprioception is represented bilaterally in the sensorimotor cortex.
Imagery and retrieval of auditory and visual information: neural correlates of successful and unsuccessful performance.
Large-scale directional connections among multi resting-state neural networks in  human brain: a functional MRI and Bayesian network modeling study.
Neural hyperactivation in carriers of the Alzheimer's risk variant on the clusterin gene.
Neural correlates of evaluations of lying and truth-telling in different social contexts.
Shape from sound: evidence for a shape operator in the lateral occipital cortex.
Action expertise reduces brain activity for audiovisual matching actions: an fMRI study with expert drummers.
Probing the cortical network underlying the psychological refractory period: a combined EEG-fMRI study.
Attention and cognitive control networks assessed in a dichotic listening fMRI study.
Common and dissociable neural correlates associated with component processes of inductive reasoning.
Neural circuitry of emotional and cognitive conflict revealed through facial expressions.
Prefrontal Compensatory Engagement in TBI is due to Altered Functional Engagement Of Existing Networks and not Functional Reorganization.
Are risky choices actually guided by a compensatory process? New insights from FMRI.
Can Sophie's choice be adequately captured by cold computation of minimizing losses? An fMRI study of vital loss decisions.
Fluid intelligence allows flexible recruitment of the parieto-frontal network in  analogical reasoning.
An fMRI investigation of the fronto-striatal learning system in women who exhibit eating disorder behaviors.
"Entering adolescence: resistance to peer influence, risky behavior, and neural changes in emotion reactivity."
Unconditioned responses and functional fear networks in human classical conditioning.
Dissociations between behavioural and functional magnetic resonance imaging-based evaluations of cognitive function after brain injury.
Embodied representation of tool-use action verbs and hand action verbs: evidence  from a tone judgment task.
Reduced striatal volume in cocaine-dependent patients.
Meta-analyzing brain dysfunctions in dyslexic children and adults.
Endogenous testosterone modulates prefrontal-amygdala connectivity during social  emotional behavior.
Taking Sides with Pain - Lateralization aspects Related to Cerebral Processing of Dental Pain.
Neural correlates of ongoing conscious experience: both task-unrelatedness and stimulus-independence are related to default network activity.
Neural mechanisms of semantic interference and false recognition in short-term memory.
EEG-BOLD correlations during (post-)adolescent brain maturation.
Individual differences in neural activity during a facial expression vs. identity working memory task.
Sound to language: different cortical processing for first and second languages in elementary school children as revealed by a large-scale study using fNIRS.
Uncovering putative neural markers of risk avoidance.
Neuroplasticity of semantic representations for musical instruments in professional musicians.
The interacting role of media violence exposure and aggressive-disruptive behavior in adolescent brain activation during an emotional Stroop task.
The visual perception of natural motion: abnormal task-related neural activity in DYT1 dystonia.
Reduced resting-state functional connectivity between amygdala and orbitofrontal  cortex in social anxiety disorder.
Body image distortions in bulimia nervosa: investigating body size overestimation and body size satisfaction by fMRI.
Neurobehavioral mechanisms of temporal processing deficits in Parkinson's disease.
Impaired resting-state functional integrations within default mode network of generalized tonic-clonic seizures epilepsy.
A regret-induced status quo bias.
Disruption of functional connectivity of the default-mode network in alcoholism.
The role of rostral prefrontal cortex in prospective memory: a voxel-based lesion study.
Mental blocks: fMRI reveals top-down modulation of early visual cortex when obstacles interfere with grasp planning.
Brain-behavior correlates of optimizing learning through interleaved practice.
"The effects of DISC1 risk variants on brain activation in controls, patients with bipolar disorder and patients with schizophrenia."
Dissociating hippocampal and basal ganglia contributions to category learning using stimulus novelty and subjective judgments.
Neural correlates of encoding within- and across-domain inter-item associations.
"Neural systems for social cognition in Klinefelter syndrome (47,XXY): evidence from fMRI."
Functional subdivisions in the left angular gyrus where the semantic system meets and diverges from the default network.
Exploring the neural dynamics underpinning individual differences in sentence comprehension.
Face-Specific Resting Functional Connectivity between the Fusiform Gyrus and Posterior Superior Temporal Sulcus.
Recursive cluster elimination based support vector machine for disease state prediction using resting state functional and effective brain connectivity.
The influence of rest period instructions on the default mode network.
Changes in resting neural connectivity during propofol sedation.
The impact of anxiety-inducing distraction on cognitive performance: a combined brain imaging and personality investigation.
Modafinil modulation of the default mode network.
"COMT Val158Met polymorphism, verbalizing of emotion and activation of affective brain systems."
Contribution of chronic pain and neuroticism to abnormal forebrain gray matter in patients with temporomandibular disorder.
Implicit phonological priming during visual word recognition.
Sex differences in neural responses to stress and alcohol context cues.
"An fMRI study of ""theory of mind"" in at-risk states of psychosis: comparison with manifest schizophrenia and healthy controls."
ADHD related behaviors are associated with brain activation in the reward system.
Language-general and -specific white matter microstructural bases for reading.
Striatal responses to negative monetary outcomes differ between temperamentally inhibited and non-inhibited adolescents.
Distributed processing and cortical specialization for speech and environmental sounds in human temporal cortex.
Altered resting state networks in epileptic patients with generalized tonic-clonic seizures.
Neural correlates of error monitoring modulated by atomoxetine in healthy volunteers.
Infraslow EEG oscillations organize large-scale cortical-subcortical interactions during sleep: a combined EEG/fMRI study.
Magnetic stimulation of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex dissociates fragile visual short-term memory from visual working memory.
Self-face enhances processing of immediately preceding invisible faces.
Left TPJ activity in verbal working memory: implications for storage- and sensory-specific models of short term memory.
Opposing patterns of neural priming in same-exemplar vs. different-exemplar repetition predict subsequent memory.
Right parietal hypoactivation in a cocaine-dependent group during a verbal working memory task.
Integration of visual and tactile signals from the hand in the human brain: an FMRI study.
"Relation of dietary restraint scores to activation of reward-related brain regions in response to food intake, anticipated intake, and food pictures."
How choice modifies preference: neural correlates of choice justification.
Quantification of indirect pathway inhibition by the adenosine A2a antagonist SYN115 in Parkinson disease.
Integrating conflict detection and attentional control mechanisms.
Language lateralization in left-handed patients with schizophrenia.
Stress-induced reduction in reward-related prefrontal cortex function.
Individuals family history positive for alcoholism show functional magnetic resonance imaging differences in reward sensitivity that are related to impulsivity factors.
Gray matter alterations related to P300 abnormalities in subjects at high risk for psychosis: longitudinal MRI-EEG study.
Increased fMRI signal with age in familial Alzheimer's disease mutation carriers.
The functional connectivity between amygdala and extrastriate visual cortex activity during emotional picture processing depends on stimulus novelty.
Resting state functional connectivity within the cingulate cortex jointly predicts agreeableness and stressor-evoked cardiovascular reactivity.
Aging-related changes of neural mechanisms underlying visual-spatial working memory.
Encoding strategy accounts for individual differences in change detection measures of VSTM.
Correlation between gray/white matter volume and cognition in healthy elderly people.
Improved modulation of rostrolateral prefrontal cortex using real-time fMRI training and meta-cognitive awareness.
Prognostic prediction of therapeutic response in depression using high-field MR imaging.
Overlapping clusters of gray matter deficits in paranoid schizophrenia and psychotic bipolar mania with family history.
Hyperactive error responses and altered connectivity in ventromedial and frontoinsular cortices in obsessive-compulsive disorder.
An anterior-to-posterior shift in midline cortical activity in schizophrenia during self-reflection.
Poor decision-making by chronic marijuana users is associated with decreased functional responsiveness to negative consequences.
Brain dysfunctions during facial discrimination in schizophrenia: selective association to affect decoding.
Cerebral blood flow changes associated with different meditation practices and perceived depth of meditation.
Stimulus content and the neural correlates of source memory.
Biasing visual selection: functional neuroimaging of the interplay between spatial cueing and feature memory guidance.
Alterations in regional homogeneity of baseline brain activity in pediatric temporal lobe epilepsy.
The influence of sentence novelty and figurativeness on brain activity.
Neural deficits in second language reading: fMRI evidence from Chinese children with English reading impairment.
I remember you: a role for memory in social cognition and the functional neuroanatomy of their interaction.
Complementary roles of systems representing sensory evidence and systems detecting task difficulty during perceptual decision making.
The influence of emotion regulation on decision-making under risk.
Differentiable cortical networks for inferences concerning people's intentions versus physical causality.
Brain bases for auditory stimulus-driven figure-ground segregation.
The brain reaction to viewing faces of opposite- and same-sex romantic partners.
Increased anterior cingulate and temporal lobe activity during visuospatial working memory in children and adolescents with schizophrenia.
"Conditional Differences in Mean Reaction Time Explain Effects of Response Congruency, but not Accuracy, on Posterior Medial Frontal Cortex Activity."
Staying cool when things get hot: emotion regulation modulates neural mechanisms  of memory encoding.
The CREB1-BDNF-NTRK2 pathway in depression: multiple gene-cognition-environment interactions.
Brain activations associated with sign production using word and picture inputs in deaf signers.
Visual search patterns in semantic dementia show paradoxical facilitation of binding processes.
Left fusiform BOLD responses are inversely related to word-likeness in a one-back task.
Dysregulation of limbic and auditory networks in tinnitus.
Seeing Chinese characters in action: an fMRI study of the perception of writing sequences.
Controlling instabilities in manipulation requires specific cortical-striatal-cerebellar networks.
Are emotions associated with activity during rest or interoception? An exploratory fMRI study in healthy subjects.
Individuating faces and common objects produces equal responses in putative face-processing areas in the ventral occipitotemporal cortex.
Interpretation-mediated changes in neural activity during language comprehension.
Top-down modulation of ventral occipito-temporal responses during visual word recognition.
Spatiotemporal signatures of an abnormal auditory system in stuttering.
A role for the right superior temporal sulcus in categorical perception of musical chords.
Voxel-based morphometric analysis on the volume of gray matter in bipolar I disorder.
Are all judgments created equal? An fMRI study of semantic and episodic metamemory predictions.
Neural correlates of the interactive relationship between memory deficits and depressive symptoms in nondemented elderly: resting fMRI study.
Functional connectivity during top-down modulation of visual short-term memory representations.
Distinct representations of subtraction and multiplication in the neural systems  for numerosity and language.
The timing of associative memory formation: frontal lobe and anterior medial temporal lobe activity at associative binding predicts memory.
Spontaneous action representation in smokers when watching movie characters smoke.
Neural correlates of long-term intense romantic love.
Striatal hyposensitivity to delayed rewards among cigarette smokers.
Atypical processing of auditory temporal complexity in autistics.
Dynamic emotional and neural responses to music depend on performance expression  and listener experience.
Affective response to a loved one's pain: insula activity as a function of individual differences.
Anxiety positive subjects show altered processing in the anterior insula during anticipation of negative stimuli.
Effects of problem size and arithmetic operation on brain activation during calculation in children with varying levels of arithmetical fluency.
fMRI item analysis in a theory of mind task.
"Neuronal network pharmacodynamics of GABAergic modulation in the human cortex determined using pharmaco‐magnetoencephalography†
"
Complex span tasks and hippocampal recruitment during working memory.
Network discovery with DCM.
Time spent with friends in adolescence relates to less neural sensitivity to later peer rejection.
How does your own knowledge influence the perception of another person's action in the human brain?
MTHFR 677C>T effects on anterior cingulate structure and function during response monitoring in schizophrenia: a preliminary study.
Age-related effects on the neural correlates of autobiographical memory retrieval.
Can beneficial ends justify lying? Neural responses to the passive reception of lies and truth-telling with beneficial and harmful monetary outcomes.
Age and the neural network of personal familiarity.
Grounding emotion in situated conceptualization.
Emotional modulation of the attentional blink: the neural structures involved in  capturing and holding attention.
Neural correlates of reality monitoring during adolescence.
Common and distinct neural networks for false-belief reasoning and inhibitory control.
Subchronic duloxetine administration alters the extended amygdala circuitry in healthy individuals.
Neuroanatomical spatial patterns in Turner syndrome.
Discrete neural substrates underlie complementary audiovisual speech integration  processes.
Aberrant striatal functional connectivity in children with autism.
Error-related hyperactivity of the anterior cingulate cortex in obsessive-compulsive disorder
Treating pain with pain: supraspinal mechanisms of endogenous analgesia elicited  by heterotopic noxious conditioning stimulation.
Modulation of working-memory maintenance by directed attention.
Characterizing dynamic functional connectivity in the resting brain using variable parameter regression and Kalman filtering approaches.
Multimodal imaging of functional networks and event-related potentials in performance monitoring.
Novel claustrum activation observed during a visuomotor adaptation task using a viewing window paradigm.
"Abnormal functional connectivity in patients with vascular cognitive impairment,  no dementia: a resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study."
Word frequency effects in the left IFG in dyslexic and normally reading children  during picture naming and reading.
The association between the 5-HTTLPR and neural correlates of fear conditioning and connectivity.
Gender differences in reward-related decision processing under stress.
Individual differences in neural responses to social rejection: the joint effect  of self-esteem and attentional control.
Functional dissociations between four basic arithmetic operations in the human posterior parietal cortex: a cytoarchitectonic mapping study.
Ventromedial prefrontal volume predicts understanding of others and social network size.
Neural basis of the association between depressive symptoms and memory deficits in nondemented subjects: resting-state fMRI study.
The effects of aging on material-independent and material-dependent neural correlates of contextual binding.
What difference does a year of schooling make? Maturation of brain response and connectivity between 2nd and 3rd grades during arithmetic problem solving.
Striatal and cortical midline activation and connectivity associated with suicidal ideation and depression in bipolar II disorder.
Emotion regulation ability varies in relation to intrinsic functional brain architecture.
Single‐trial EEG‐informed fMRI analysis of emotional decision problems in hot executive function
Two-week administration of the combined serotonin-noradrenaline reuptake inhibitor duloxetine augments functioning of mesolimbic incentive processing circuits.
Ventral striatal and medial prefrontal BOLD activation is correlated with reward-related electrocortical activity: a combined ERP and fMRI study.
Visual personal familiarity in amnestic mild cognitive impairment.
Unraveling the distributed neural code of facial identity through spatiotemporal  pattern analysis.
Multiple routes from occipital to temporal cortices during reading.
Neural systems underlying aversive conditioning in humans with primary and secondary reinforcers.
Activation of the dentate nucleus in a verb generation task: A 7T MRI study.
Functional neuroimaging of the oculomotor brainstem network in humans.
Neuromagnetic representation of musical register information in human auditory cortex.
Antidepressant medications reduce subcortical-cortical resting-state functional connectivity in healthy volunteers.
Associative memory deficits in mild cognitive impairment: the role of hippocampal formation.
Developmental changes in adolescents’ neural response to challenge.
Prefrontal cortex recruitment during naturalistic remote memory: a factorial block-event fMRI study.
The neural basis of familial risk and temperamental variation in individuals at high risk of bipolar disorder.
Functional differentiation of posterior superior temporal sulcus in autism: a functional connectivity magnetic resonance imaging study.
The importance of actions and the worth of an object: dissociable neural systems  representing core value and economic value.
Reduced cortical gray matter volume in male adolescents with substance and conduct problems.
Neural correlates related to action observation in expert archers.
Widespread reductions in gray matter volume in depression☆
Dual pathways for haptic and visual perception of spatial and texture information.
Distinct anatomy for visual search and bisection: a neuroimaging study.
Reduced default mode network connectivity following combat trauma.
General and specific effects of early-life psychosocial adversities on adolescent grey matter volume☆
Neuronal correlates of altered empathy and social cognition in borderline personality disorder.
Stereotype-based modulation of person perception.
"Disability, atrophy and cortical reorganization following spinal cord injury."
Increased resting-state perfusion after repeated encoding is related to later retrieval of declarative associative memories.
Feeling bad about screwing up: emotion regulation and action monitoring in the anterior cingulate cortex.
"Neural activity, neural connectivity, and the processing of emotionally valenced  information in older adults: links with life satisfaction."
Double-blind randomized trial of risperidone versus divalproex in pediatric bipolar disorder: fMRI outcomes.
Fronto-striatal underactivation during interference inhibition and attention allocation in grown up children with attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder and persistent symptoms.
A new role for the parahippocampal cortex in representing space.
Selective updating of working memory content modulates meso-cortico-striatal activity.
Relationship of DAT1 and adult ADHD to task-positive and task-negative working memory networks.
Neural contributions to flow experience during video game playing.
Dopamine agonists and risk: impulse control disorders in Parkinson's disease.
Feature selection and classification of imbalanced datasets: application to PET images of children with autistic spectrum disorders.
Improving the reliability of functional localizers.
Source localization of late electrocortical positivity during symptom provocation in spider phobia: an sLORETA study.
Brain networks associated with sublexical properties of Chinese characters.
Opposing amygdala and ventral striatum connectivity during emotion identification.
Atypical modulation of medial prefrontal cortex to self-referential comments in generalized social phobia.
Multi- and unisensory decoding of words and nonwords result in differential brain responses in dyslexic and nondyslexic adults.
Response inhibition results in the emotional devaluation of faces: neural correlates as revealed by fMRI.
Effect of the observed pupil size on the amygdala of the beholders.
Reciprocal anatomical relationship between primary sensory and prefrontal cortices in the human brain.
Basal ganglia impairments in autism spectrum disorder are related to abnormal signal gating to prefrontal cortex.
The putative visual word form area is functionally connected to the dorsal attention network.
Working memory load modulation of parieto-frontal connections: evidence from dynamic causal modeling.
Brain basis of phonological awareness for spoken language in children and its disruption in dyslexia.
Cortical dynamics of acoustic and phonological processing in speech perception.
Neural networks associated with the speed-accuracy tradeoff: evidence from the response signal method.
fMRI evidence of a relationship between hypomania and both increased goal-sensitivity and positive outcome-expectancy bias.
Disrupted functional connectivity for controlled visual processing as a basis for impaired spatial working memory in schizophrenia.
Deficits in default mode network activity preceding error in cocaine dependent individuals.
Age of acquisition effects on the functional organization of language in the adult brain.
Limbic response to psychosocial stress in schizotypy: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Increased neural processing of rewarding and aversive food stimuli in recovered anorexia nervosa.
Differential electrophysiological coupling for positive and negative BOLD responses during unilateral hand movements.
Impact of personality on the cerebral processing of emotional prosody.
Prediction of reading skill several years later depends on age and brain region:  implications for developmental models of reading.
The neural underpinnings of how reward associations can both guide and misguide attention.
Altered temporal difference learning in bulimia nervosa.
"Magical ideation, creativity, handedness, and cerebral asymmetries: a combined behavioural and fMRI study."
Basal functional connectivity within the anterior temporal network is associated  with performance on declarative memory tasks.
Contribution of the right intraparietal sulcus to numerosity and length processing: an fMRI-guided TMS study.
Novelty increases the mesolimbic functional connectivity of the substantia nigra/ventral tegmental area (SN/VTA) during reward anticipation: Evidence from high-resolution fMRI.
Distinctive neural processes during learning in autism.
"Mirtazapine antagonises the subjective, hormonal and neuronal effects of m-chlorophenylpiperazine (mCPP) infusion: a pharmacological-challenge fMRI (phMRI) study."
Fronto-parietal hypo-activation during working memory independent of structural abnormalities: conjoint fMRI and sMRI analyses in adolescent offspring of schizophrenia patients.
Neural correlates of confidence during item recognition and source memory retrieval: evidence for both dual-process and strength memory theories.
Neural dissociation of number from letter recognition and its relationship to parietal numerical processing.
The organization of narrative discourse in Lewy body spectrum disorder.
Changes occur in resting state network of motor system during 4 weeks of motor skill learning.
Dissociable systems of working memory for rhythm and melody.
Variables influencing the neural correlates of perceived risk of physical harm.
Persistency of priors-induced bias in decision behavior and the FMRI signal.
The architecture of cross-hemispheric communication in the aging brain: linking behavior to functional and structural connectivity.
Resting-state functional connectivity indexes reading competence in children and  adults.
Activation of the parieto-premotor network is associated with vivid motor imagery--a parametric FMRI study.
On the context-dependent nature of the contribution of the ventral premotor cortex to speech perception.
Brain activation during audiovisual exposure anticipates future perception of ambiguous speech.
Beyond acute social stress: increased functional connectivity between amygdala and cortical midline structures.
Abnormal structure-function relationship in spasmodic dysphonia.
Amygdala responses to averted vs direct gaze fear vary as a function of presentation speed.
Olfactocentric paralimbic cortex morphology in adolescents with bipolar disorder.
Heteromodal conceptual processing in the angular gyrus.
Distinct resting-state brain activities in heroin-dependent individuals.
"Influence of aging on the neural correlates of autobiographical, episodic, and semantic memory retrieval."
Bounded empathy: neural responses to outgroup targets' (mis)fortunes.
Can you hear a difference? Neuronal correlates of melodic deviance processing in  children.
Females and males are highly similar in language performance and cortical activation patterns during verb generation.
Under pressure: response urgency modulates striatal and insula activity during decision-making under risk.
Impact of mindfulness on the neural responses to emotional pictures in experienced and beginner meditators.
The involvement of the dopaminergic midbrain and cortico-striatal-thalamic circuits in the integration of reward prospect and attentional task demands.
Differentially tuned responses to restricted versus prolonged awareness of threat: a preliminary fMRI investigation.
Functional specialisation in the hippocampus and perirhinal cortex during the encoding of verbal associations.
Left ear advantage in speech-related dichotic listening is not specific to auditory processing disorder in children: A machine-learning fMRI and DTI study☆
Levels of conflict in reasoning modulate right lateral prefrontal cortex.
Reduced activation of superior temporal gyrus during auditory comprehension in young offspring of patients with schizophrenia.
The shift from local to global visual processing in 6-year-old children is associated with grey matter loss.
Resting-state functional connectivity of the medial superior frontal cortex.
Enhanced cortical effects of auditory stimulation and auditory attention in healthy individuals prone to auditory hallucinations during partial wakefulness.
"Dissociable functional connectivity changes during the Stroop task relating to risk, resilience and disease expression in bipolar disorder."
Relief as a reward: hedonic and neural responses to safety from pain.
Mathematically gifted adolescents use more extensive and more bilateral areas of  the fronto-parietal network than controls during executive functioning and fluid  reasoning tasks.
Enhanced cue reactivity and fronto-striatal functional connectivity in cocaine use disorders.
Do neural responses to rejection depend on attachment style? An fMRI study.
"Oxytocin modulates amygdala, insula, and inferior frontal gyrus responses to infant crying: a randomized controlled trial."
Neural segregation of objective and contextual aspects of fairness.
Double dissociation between hippocampal and parahippocampal responses to object-background context and scene novelty.
Impaired hierarchical control within the lateral prefrontal cortex in schizophrenia.
Late life cognitive control deficits are accentuated by white matter disease burden.
The Measurement of Language Lateralization with Functional Transcranial Doppler and Functional MRI: A Critical Evaluation.
"Identification of Mood-Relevant Brain Connections Using a Continuous, Subject-Driven Rumination Paradigm."
Brain mechanisms for processing direct and averted gaze in individuals with autism.
Sub-patterns of language network reorganization in pediatric localization related epilepsy: a multisite study.
Sensorimotor network in cervical dystonia and the effect of botulinum toxin treatment: a functional MRI study.
Behavioural and neural effects of diazepam on a rule-guided response selection task.
"Impairments in ""top-down"" processing in bipolar disorder: a simultaneous fMRI-GSR study."
The hippocampus is coupled with the default network during memory retrieval but not during memory encoding.
Abnormal neural responses to emotional visual stimuli in adolescents with conduct disorder
The D2 antagonist sulpiride modulates the neural processing of both rewarding and aversive stimuli in healthy volunteers.
High-resolution fMRI detects neuromodulation of individual brainstem nuclei by electrical tongue stimulation in balance-impaired individuals.
Variable global dysconnectivity and individual differences in schizophrenia.
Prefrontal lobe dysfunction predicts treatment response in medication-naive first-episode schizophrenia.
Regional contraction of brain surface area involves three large-scale networks in schizophrenia.
Bidirectional communication between amygdala and fusiform gyrus during facial recognition.
Decreased gray matter volume in the left hippocampus and bilateral calcarine cortex in coal mine flood disaster survivors with recent onset PTSD.
Altered fimbria-fornix white matter integrity in anorexia nervosa predicts harm avoidance.
Neurological signs and morphological cerebral changes in schizophrenia: An analysis of NSS subscales in patients with first episode psychosis.
Neural correlates of phonological processing in speech sound disorder: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Neural correlates of olfactory processing in congenital blindness.
Non-effective increase of fMRI-activation for motor performance in elder individuals.
"Differences in ""bottom-up"" and ""top-down"" neural activity in current and former cigarette smokers: Evidence for neural substrates which may promote nicotine abstinence through increased cognitive cont"
"Preoperative language lateralization in temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE) predicts peri-ictal, pre- and post-operative language performance: An fMRI study☆"
Tracking emotional valence: the role of the orbitofrontal cortex.
Social and monetary reward learning engage overlapping neural substrates.
Youth at risk for obesity show greater activation of striatal and somatosensory regions to food.
"Sleep deprivation amplifies reactivity of brain reward networks, biasing the appraisal of positive emotional experiences."
Time-dependent corticosteroid modulation of prefrontal working memory processing.
Different nonlinear functions in hippocampus and perirhinal cortex relating functional MRI activity to memory strength.
Sex-dependent modulation of activity in the neural networks engaged during emotional speech comprehension.
Amygdala activity correlates with attentional bias in PTSD.
Inhibit yourself and understand the other: neural basis of distinct processes underlying Theory of Mind.
Effects of training strategies implemented in a complex videogame on functional connectivity of attentional networks.
Reduced functional connectivity during working memory in Turner syndrome.
Functional resting-state networks are differentially affected in schizophrenia.
Error-related functional connectivity of the habenula in humans.
Age differences in FMRI adaptation for sound identity and location.
Social rejection shares somatosensory representations with physical pain.
Mapping feature-sensitivity and attentional modulation in human auditory cortex with functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Neural correlates of rhyming vs. lexical and semantic fluency.
Language lateralization in individuals with callosal agenesis: an fMRI study.
Extensive cochleotopic mapping of human auditory cortical fields obtained with phase-encoding FMRI.
"The known unknowns: neural representation of second-order uncertainty, and ambiguity."
A parallel functional topography between medial and lateral prefrontal cortex: evidence and implications for cognitive control.
Reward reduces conflict by enhancing attentional control and biasing visual cortical processing.
Choosing our words: retrieval and selection processes recruit shared neural substrates in left ventrolateral prefrontal cortex.
Comparison of the neural correlates of retrieval success in tests of cued recall  and recognition memory.
Stress shifts brain activation towards ventral 'affective' areas during emotional distraction.
High quality but limited quantity perceptual evidence produces neural accumulation in frontal and parietal cortex.
Mistakes that affect others: an fMRI study on processing of own errors in a social context.
Object representations in ventral and dorsal visual streams: fMRI repetition effects depend on attention and part-whole configuration.
Demonstration of decreased gray matter concentration in the midbrain encompassing the dorsal raphe nucleus and the limbic subcortical regions in major depressive disorder: an optimized voxel-based mor
In vivo evidence of global and focal brain alterations in anorexia nervosa.
fMRI brain activation during a delay discounting task in HIV-positive adults with and without cocaine dependence.
Cultural influences on neural basis of intergroup empathy.
The neural correlates of competition during memory retrieval are modulated by attention to the cues.
Secure attachment partners attenuate neural responses to social exclusion: an fMRI investigation.
Dynamic neural networks supporting memory retrieval.
Neural bases of language switching in high and early proficient bilinguals.
Dissociable brain networks involved in development of fairness considerations: understanding intentionality behind unfairness.
Syntactic and auditory spatial processing in the human temporal cortex: an MEG study.
Strategy-effects in prefrontal cortex during learning of higher-order S-R rules.
Continuous theta-burst stimulation (cTBS) over the lateral prefrontal cortex alters reinforcement learning bias.
Handedness-dependent and -independent cerebral asymmetries in the anterior intraparietal sulcus and ventral premotor cortex during grasp planning.
Spatiotemporal brain mapping of spatial attention effects on pattern-reversal ERPs.
Evolution of non-speech sound memory in postlingual deafness: implications for cochlear implant rehabilitation.
Interoception drives increased rational decision-making in meditators playing the ultimatum game.
Psychological and neural mechanisms of subjective time dilation.
First-person perspective effects on theory of mind without self-reference.
The music of your emotions: neural substrates involved in detection of emotional  correspondence between auditory and visual music actions.
The neural correlates of everyday recognition memory.
Right ventrolateral prefrontal cortex mediates individual differences in conflict-driven cognitive control.
Overlapping parietal activity in memory and perception: evidence for the attention to memory model.
The influence of context on hemispheric recruitment during metaphor processing.
Functional imaging reveals working memory and attention interact to produce the attentional blink.
Serotonin transporter genotype modulates subgenual response to fearful faces using an incidental task.
The role of the ventral and dorsal pathways in reading Chinese characters and English words.
How can cognitive remediation therapy modulate brain activations in schizophrenia? An fMRI study.
Neural correlates of binding features within- or cross-dimensions in visual conjunction search: an fMRI study.
Neural substrates of interpreting actions and emotions from body postures.
Cognitive control of a simple mental image in patients with obsessive--compulsive disorder.
DRD2/ANKK1 TaqI A polymorphism affects corticostriatal activity in response to negative affective facial stimuli.
The past tense debate: is phonological complexity the key to the puzzle?
Resting state cerebral blood flow and objective motor activity reveal basal ganglia dysfunction in schizophrenia.
Neural substrates underlying intentional empathy.
The anterior cingulate cortex responds differently to the validity and valence of feedback in a time-estimation task.
The functional correlates of face perception and recognition of emotional facial  expressions as evidenced by fMRI.
Altered striatal functional connectivity in subjects with an at-risk mental state for psychosis.
Painful muscle stimulation preferentially activates emotion-related brain regions compared to painful skin stimulation.
Influence of the COMT genotype on working memory and brain activity changes during development.
Amplitude low-frequency oscillation abnormalities in the heroin users: a resting  state fMRI study.
Language-invariant verb processing regions in Spanish-English bilinguals.
Preparatory activity and connectivity in dorsal anterior cingulate cortex for cognitive control.
The thing that should not be: predictive coding and the uncanny valley in perceiving human and humanoid robot actions.
Impaired sequence learning in dystonia mutation carriers: a genotypic effect.
Caudate nucleus signals for breaches of expectation in a movement observation paradigm.
Dysmenorrhoea is associated with central changes in otherwise healthy women.
Individual differences in the spontaneous recruitment of brain regions supporting mental state understanding when viewing natural social scenes.
Where did I put that? Patients with amnestic mild cognitive impairment demonstrate widespread reductions in activity during the encoding of ecologically relevant object-location associations.
The insular cortex and the neuroanatomy of major depression.
Prescription opioid analgesics rapidly change the human brain.
Exaggerated brain activation during emotion processing in unaffected siblings of  patients with schizophrenia.
Your flaws are my pain: linking empathy to vicarious embarrassment.
Age-related changes in brain activation underlying single- and dual-task performance: visuomanual drawing and mental arithmetic.
A simultaneous ERP/fMRI investigation of the P300 aging effect.
Individual differences in skilled adult readers reveal dissociable patterns of neural activity associated with component processes of reading.
Valence-specific conflict moderation in the dorso-medial PFC and the caudate head in emotional speech.
Sex differences in the development of brain mechanisms for processing biological motion.
Bilateral basal ganglia activity in verbal working memory.
Stepwise connectivity of the modal cortex reveals the multimodal organization of  the human brain.
Frontal-amygdala connectivity alterations during emotion downregulation in bipolar I disorder.
Elevated gray matter volume of the emotional cerebellum in women with premenstrual dysphoric disorder.
Hypersensitivity in borderline personality disorder during mindreading.
Emotional response inhibition in bipolar disorder: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study of trait- and state-related abnormalities.
The development of hub architecture in the human functional brain network.
Dissociated mean and functional connectivity BOLD signals in visual cortex during eyes closed and fixation.
Brain activation associated with evaluative processes of guilt and embarrassment: an fMRI study.
Neural computations underlying social risk sensitivity.
Task-dependent neural bases of perceiving emotionally expressive targets.
Functional anatomy of temporal organisation and domain-specificity of episodic memory retrieval.
Lateral prefrontal cortex is organized into parallel dorsal and ventral streams along the rostro-caudal axis.
Process and domain specificity in regions engaged for face processing: an fMRI study of perceptual differentiation.
Structural and functional bases of visuospatial associative memory in older adults.
Top-down and bottom-up attention-to-memory: mapping functional connectivity in two distinct networks that underlie cued and uncued recognition memory.
Manipulating brain connectivity with delta(9)-tetrahydrocannabinol: a pharmacological resting state FMRI study.
The effect of the visual context in the recognition of symbolic gestures.
Gustatory perception alterations in obesity: an fMRI study.
Online mentalising investigated with functional MRI.
Distinct neural systems subserve person and object knowledge.
Neural basis of cultural influence on self-representation.
Motor and non-motor inhibition in the Go/NoGo task: an ERP and fMRI study.
The neural components of empathy: predicting daily prosocial behavior.
Functional neuroanatomy of visual search with differential attentional demands: an fMRI study.
Healthy aging is associated with increased neural processing of positive valence  but attenuated processing of emotional arousal: an fMRI study.
The effect of aging on the neural correlates of phonological word retrieval.
Altered regional homogeneity in the development of minimal hepatic encephalopathy: a resting-state functional MRI study.
Distinct neural patterns of social cognition for cooperation versus competition.
Effect of levodopa on both verbal and motor representations of action in Parkinson's disease: a fMRI study.
Executive functions in mild cognitive impairment: emergence and breakdown of neural plasticity.
Working memory for social information: chunking or domain-specific buffer?
A frontotemporoparietal network common to initiating and responding to joint attention bids.
Brain mechanisms for representing what another person sees.
Gender differences in brain networks supporting empathy.
Biological motion processing: the left cerebellum communicates with the right superior temporal sulcus.
Reflections of Oneself: Neurocognitive Evidence for Dissociable Forms of Self-Referential Recollection.
Emotional and cognitive aspects of empathy and their relation to social cognition--an fMRI-study.
Neuronal correlates of theory of mind and empathy: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study in a nonverbal task.
Neural correlates of social motivation: an fMRI study on power versus affiliation.
The representation of social interaction in episodic memory: a functional MRI study.
Social cognitive neural networks during in-group and out-group interactions.
Appearance matters: neural correlates of food choice and packaging aesthetics.
Brain basis of communicative actions in language.
Feasibility of ASL-based phMRI with a single dose of oral citalopram for repeated assessment of serotonin function.
An fMRI study of the social competition in healthy subjects.
Dynamic neural mechanisms underlie race disparities in social cognition.
Learning to simulate others' decisions.
The neural correlates of positive self-evaluation and self-related memory.
Self-regulatory depletion increases emotional reactivity in the amygdala.
Responses of medial and ventrolateral prefrontal cortex to interpersonal conflict for resources.
Eyes on me: an fMRI study of the effects of social gaze on action control.
Effect of cooperation level of group on punishment for non-cooperators: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Adaptation to cognitive context and item information in the medial temporal lobes.
"Functional anatomy of the masking level difference, an fMRI study."
Impaired inhibitory control in 'internet addiction disorder': a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
"People thinking about thinking people. The role of the temporo-parietal junction in ""theory of mind""."
An fMRI study of violations of social expectations: when people are not who we expect them to be.
The role of dorsal anterior cingulate cortex in the regulation of craving by reappraisal in smokers.
Unique topology of language processing brain network: a systems-level biomarker of schizophrenia.
Effect of cognitive-behavioral therapy on neural correlates of fear conditioning  in panic disorder.
Sleep deprivation amplifies striatal activation to monetary reward.
Neural responsivity to food cues in fasted and fed states pre and post gastric bypass surgery.
Human visual and parietal cortex encode visual choices independent of motor plans.
A gene-brain-cognition pathway for the effect of an Alzheimers risk gene on working memory in young adults.
Obsessive-compulsivity and working memory are associated with differential prefrontal cortex and insula activation in adolescents with a recent diagnosis of an eating disorder.
Modulation of brain activity during a Stroop inhibitory task by the kind of cognitive control required.
The influence of risky and conservative mental sets on cerebral activations of cognitive control.
The Queen and I: neural correlates of altered self-related cognitions in major depressive episode.
Food and drug cues activate similar brain regions: a meta-analysis of functional MRI studies.
Dissociated neural processing for decisions in managers and non-managers.
Modulation of hand motor-related area during motor imagery and motor execution before and after middle 2/5 of the MS6 line scalp acupuncture stimulation: An fMRI study.
Abnormal neural responses to social exclusion in schizophrenia.
Stress sensitive healthy females show less left amygdala activation in response to withdrawal-related visual stimuli under passive viewing conditions.
The modulating effect of personality traits on neural error monitoring: evidence  from event-related FMRI.
Manipulation of and sustained effects on the human brain induced by different modalities of acupuncture: an fMRI study.
Altered spontaneous activity in anisometropic amblyopia subjects: revealed by resting-state FMRI.
The hippocampus remains activated over the long term for the retrieval of truly episodic memories.
Acupuncture--deep pain with an autonomic dimension?
Affect regulation and pain in borderline personality disorder: a possible link to the understanding of self-injury.
Nicotine effects on anterior cingulate cortex in schizophrenia and healthy smokers as revealed by EEG-informed fMRI.
Acute nicotine differentially impacts anticipatory valence- and magnitude-related striatal activity.
Brain activation related to the perception of minimal agency cues: the role of the mirror system.
Neural correlates of individual performance differences in resolving perceptual conflict.
Cortical regions involved in the observation of bimanual actions.
Theory of mind in schizophrenia: exploring neural mechanisms of belief attribution.
"Too little, too late or too much, too early? Differential hemodynamics of response inhibition in high and low sensation seekers."
Neural foundations for understanding social and mechanical concepts.
Psychophysical and neural evidence for emotion-enhanced perceptual vividness.
Abnormal functional motor lateralization in healthy siblings of patients with schizophrenia.
Physical attractiveness and sex as modulatory factors of empathic brain responses to pain.
An fMRI study of caring vs self-focus during induced compassion and pride.
Perception of suffering and compassion experience: brain gender disparities.
Having a word with yourself: neural correlates of self-criticism and self-reassurance.
Compassionate attitude towards others' suffering activates the mesolimbic neural  system.
"Familiarity and recollection produce distinct eye movement, pupil and medial temporal lobe responses when memory strength is matched."
The implementation of verbal instructions: dissociating motor preparation from the formation of stimulus-response associations.
Age-related abnormalities in white matter microstructure in autism spectrum disorders.
Regional brain activity during early-stage intense romantic love predicted relationship outcomes after 40 months: an fMRI assessment.
Abnormalities of resting state functional connectivity are related to sustained attention deficits in MS.
Naturalistic FMRI mapping reveals superior temporal sulcus as the hub for the distributed brain network for social perception.
Distinct neural activity associated with focused-attention meditation and loving-kindness meditation.
"Intrinsic architecture underlying the relations among the default, dorsal attention, and frontoparietal control networks of the human brain."
Context-dependent switching between proactive and reactive working memory control mechanisms in the right inferior frontal gyrus.
Level of participation in robotic-assisted treadmill walking modulates midline sensorimotor EEG rhythms in able-bodied subjects.
Brain regions involved in the retrieval of spatial and episodic details associated with a familiar environment: an fMRI study.
Neural responses to infants linked with behavioral interactions and testosterone  in fathers.
The effects of temporal unpredictability in anticipation of negative events in combat veterans with PTSD.
"Cerebral activations related to ballistic, stepwise interrupted and gradually modulated movements in Parkinson patients."
Neural networks for action representation: a functional magnetic-resonance imaging and dynamic causal modeling study.
Close to you: embodied simulation for peripersonal space in primary somatosensory cortex.
Acting on social exclusion: neural correlates of punishment and forgiveness of excluders.
Higher or lower? The functional anatomy of perceived allocentric social hierarchies.
The different faces of one's self: an fMRI study into the recognition of current  and past self-facial appearances.
Abnormal cortical activity in patients with temporomandibular disorder evoked by  cognitive and emotional tasks.
Altered right anterior insular connectivity and loss of associated functions in adolescent chronic fatigue syndrome.
Altered resting state neuromotor connectivity in men with chronic prostatitis/chronic pelvic pain syndrome: A MAPP: Research Network Neuroimaging Study.
Altered cognition-related brain activity and interactions with acute pain in migraine.
The embodiment of emotion: language use during the feeling of social emotions predicts cortical somatosensory activity.
Age-related differences in pain sensitivity and regional brain activity evoked by noxious pressure.
Self-referential processing influences functional activation during cognitive control: an fMRI study.
Affective brain regions are activated during the processing of pain-related words in migraine patients.
Memory performance and fMRI signal in presymptomatic familial Alzheimer's disease.
Acute opioid withdrawal is associated with increased neural activity in reward-processing centers in healthy men: A functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Repetition enhancement and perceptual processing of visual word form.
Mechanism of case processing in the brain: an fMRI study.
A tool for classifying individuals with chronic back pain: using multivariate pattern analysis with functional magnetic resonance imaging data.
Associations of limbic-affective brain activity and severity of ongoing chronic arthritis pain are explained by trait anxiety.
Altered brain functional connectivity in relation to perception of scrutiny in social anxiety disorder.
Interaction of cortical networks mediating object motion detection by moving observers.
The multifaceted nature of the relationship between performance and brain activity in motor sequence learning.
Symbolic representations in motor sequence learning.
Neurocircuits underlying cognition-emotion interaction in a social decision making context.
Increased gray matter volume in the right angular and posterior parahippocampal gyri in loving-kindness meditators.
Reading acquisition reorganizes the phonological awareness network only in alphabetic writing systems.
Dissociable brain systems mediate vicarious learning of stimulus-response and action-outcome contingencies.
Motor sequence learning-induced neural efficiency in functional brain connectivity.
The development of brain systems associated with successful memory retrieval of scenes.
Multilocus genetic composite reflecting dopamine signaling capacity predicts reward circuitry responsivity.
Number conservation is related to children's prefrontal inhibitory control: an fMRI study of a piagetian task.
Anticipatory brainstem activity predicts neural processing of pain in humans.
Aversion-related circuitry in the cerebellum: responses to noxious heat and unpleasant images.
Neural processes underlying cultural differences in cognitive persistence.
Neural correlates of perceptual difference between itching and pain: a human fMRI study.
L-DOPA changes spontaneous low-frequency BOLD signal oscillations in Parkinson's  disease: a resting state fMRI study.
Parietal functional connectivity in numerical cognition.
Ventral striatal activation during attribution of stimulus saliency and reward anticipation is correlated in unmedicated first episode schizophrenia patients.
Dopamine supports coupling of attention-related networks.
Altered cross-modal processing in the primary auditory cortex of congenitally deaf adults: a visual-somatosensory fMRI study with a double-flash illusion.
Maternal PTSD and corresponding neural activity mediate effects of child exposure to violence on child PTSD symptoms.
Intergenerational transmission of fronto-parietal dysfunction during forethought  in attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder: a pilot study.
Signed words in the congenitally deaf evoke typical late lexicosemantic responses with no early visual responses in left superior temporal cortex.
Fractionation of social brain circuits in autism spectrum disorders.
A comparison of brain activity evoked by single content and function words: an fMRI investigation of implicit word processing.
A longitudinal study on intrinsic connectivity of hippocampus associated with positive symptom in first-episode schizophrenia.
Developmental changes of BOLD signal correlations with global human EEG power and synchronization during working memory.
The mirror neuron system under hypnosis - brain substrates of voluntary and involuntary motor activation in hypnotic paralysis.
Dissociable frontal-striatal and frontal-parietal networks involved in updating hierarchical contexts in working memory.
Mentalizing in male schizophrenia patients is compromised by virtue of dysfunctional connectivity between task-positive and task-negative networks.
The hemodynamic response in children with Simplex Autism.
Cognitive reserve impacts on inter-individual variability in resting-state cerebral metabolism in normal aging.
Emotion suppression reduces hippocampal activity during successful memory encoding.
The responsiveness of biological motion processing areas to selective attention towards goals.
Brain imaging reveals that engagement of descending inhibitory pain pathways in healthy women in a low endogenous estradiol state varies with testosterone.
Brain dynamics for perception of tactile allodynia (touch-induced pain) in postherpetic neuralgia.
Brain activity related to temporal summation of C-fiber evoked pain.
Dorsal stream activity and connectivity associated with action priming of ambiguous apparent motion.
Brain activity for spontaneous pain of postherpetic neuralgia and its modulation  by lidocaine patch therapy.
Brain activation patterns underlying fast habituation to painful laser stimuli.
Beyond patient reported pain: perfusion magnetic resonance imaging demonstrates reproducible cerebral representation of ongoing post-surgical pain.
A Spatiotemporal Profile of In Vivo Cerebral Blood Flow Changes Following Intranasal Oxytocin in Humans.
Classification of different therapeutic responses of major depressive disorder with multivariate pattern analysis method based on structural MR scans.
Reduced self-referential neural response during intergroup competition predicts competitor harm.
The neural correlates of emotional prosody comprehension: disentangling simple from complex emotion.
Recruitment of both the mirror and the mentalizing networks when observing social interactions depicted by point-lights: a neuroimaging study.
Mapping social target detection with functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Do you mean me? Communicative intentions recruit the mirror and the mentalizing system.
Similar brain networks for detecting visuo-motor and visuo-proprioceptive synchrony.
Reminders of mortality decrease midcingulate activity in response to others' suffering.
Differential activation of the ventromedial prefrontal cortex between male and female givers of social reputation.
Neural correlates of combinatorial semantic processing of literal and figurative  noun noun compound words.
Dissociable neural correlates of stereotypes and other forms of semantic knowledge.
Familiarity promotes the blurring of self and other in the neural representation  of threat.
"The neural correlates of 'vitality form' recognition: an fMRI study: This work is dedicated to Daniel Stern, whose immeasurable contribution to science has inspired our research."
Gender differences in the neural correlates of humor processing: implications for different processing modes.
'Do I like this person?' A network analysis of midline cortex during a social preference task.
Neural regions associated with self control and mentalizing are recruited during  prosocial behaviors towards the family.
The organization of the human striatum estimated by intrinsic functional connectivity.
The Role of the Insular Cortex in Retaliation.
Social gating of sensory information during ongoing communication.
Neural activities during affective processing in people with Alzheimer's disease.
The effect of premenstrual dysphoric disorder and menstrual cycle phase on brain  activity during response inhibition.
The neural basis of perceiving person interactions.
Empathic choice involves vmPFC value signals that are modulated by social processing implemented in IPL.
Live face-to-face interaction during fMRI: a new tool for social cognitive neuroscience.
Social context and perceived agency affects empathy for pain: an event-related fMRI investigation.
Temporal unpredictability of a stimulus sequence and the processing of neutral and emotional stimuli.
Face-specific and domain-general characteristics of cortical responses during self-recognition.
When I think about me and simulate you: medial rostral prefrontal cortex and self-referential processes.
Cortico-cerebellar abnormalities in adolescents with heavy marijuana use.
Trails of meaning construction: Symbolic artifacts engage the social brain.
A neurocognitive investigation of the impact of socializing with a robot on empathy for pain
Spatial patterns of intrinsic neural activity in depressed patients with vascular risk factors as revealed by the amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation.
Is payoff necessarily weighted by probability when making a risky choice? Evidence from functional connectivity analysis.
Who caused the pain? An fMRI investigation of empathy and intentionality in children.
Visualization of painful experiences believed to trigger the activation of affective and emotional brain regions in subjects with low back pain.
Brain structural signature of familial predisposition for bipolar disorder: replicable evidence for involvement of the right inferior frontal gyrus.
Where the brain appreciates the final state of an event: the neural correlates of telicity.
An fMRI study of the Trail Making Test.
Imagining triadic interactions simultaneously activates mirror and mentalizing systems.
Love hurts: an fMRI study.
Direct recordings in human cortex reveal the dynamics of gamma-band [50-150 Hz] activity during pursuit eye movement control.
The neural correlates of beauty comparison.
"Criticism hurts everybody, praise only some: Common and specific neural responses to approving and disapproving social-evaluative videos."
Resting-state synchrony during early alcohol abstinence can predict subsequent relapse.
Differential role of the Mentalizing and the Mirror Neuron system in the imitation of communicative gestures.
Effects of empathic social responses on the emotions of the recipient.
Neural strategies for reading Japanese and Chinese sentences: a cross-linguistic  fMRI study of character-decoding and morphosyntax.
Neural correlates of social cognition in naturalistic settings: a model-free analysis approach.
Prediction of SSRI treatment response in major depression based on serotonin transporter interplay between median raphe nucleus and projection areas.
Neural correlates of causality judgment in physical and social context--the reversed effects of space and time.
The Neural Responses to Social Cooperation in Gain and Loss Context.
Inter-individual differences in successful perspective taking during pain perception mediates emotional responsiveness in self and others: an fMRI study.
The Role of the Posterior Temporal and Medial Prefrontal Cortices in Mediating Learning from Romantic Interest and Rejection.
Multimodal analysis of the hippocampus in schizophrenia using proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy and functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Why are friends special? Implementing a social interaction simulation task to probe the neural correlates of friendship.
The neural bases of cooperation and competition: an fMRI investigation.
Daily physical complaints and hippocampal function: an fMRI study of pain modulation by anxiety.
Neural correlates of anchoring-and-adjustment during mentalizing.
Comparison of regional gray matter volume abnormalities in Alzheimer׳s disease and late life depression with hippocampal atrophy using VSRAD analysis: a voxel-based morphometry study.
Resting-state functional connectivity of subthalamic nucleus in different Parkinson's disease phenotypes.
The role of left inferior frontal gyrus in explicit and implicit semantic processing.
Both memory and attention systems contribute to visual search for targets cued by implicitly learned context.
Alterations in the functional connectivity of a verbal working memory-related brain network in patients with left temporal lobe epilepsy.
Intrinsic amygdala-cortical functional connectivity predicts social network size  in humans.
Bipolar disorder: Functional neuroimaging markers in relatives.
The generation effect: activating broad neural circuits during memory encoding.
The human factor: behavioral and neural correlates of humanized perception in moral decision making.
The associative-semantic network for words and pictures: effective connectivity and graph analysis.
Task-demands and audio-visual stimulus configurations modulate neural activity in the human thalamus.
Guanfacine modulates the influence of emotional cues on prefrontal cortex activation for cognitive control.
DNA methylation of the oxytocin receptor gene predicts neural response to ambiguous social stimuli.
Parallel ICA identifies sub-components of resting state networks that covary with behavioral indices.
A differentiation account of recognition memory: evidence from fMRI.
Imaging tactile imagery: changes in brain connectivity support perceptual grounding of mental images in primary sensory cortices.
Mapping the depressed brain: a meta-analysis of structural and functional alterations in major depressive disorder.
Neural substrate of the late positive potential in emotional processing.
Default-mode network dysfunction and self-referential processing in healthy siblings of schizophrenia patients.
Neural correlates of conceptual object priming in young and older adults: an event-related functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Towards a neural circuit model of verbal humor processing: An fMRI study of the neural substrates of incongruity detection and resolution.
Preparatory patterns of neural activity predict visual category search speed.
Functional imaging of brain responses to different outcomes of hypothesis testing: revealed in a category induction task.
Statistical localization of human olfactory cortex.
The neural mechanisms of semantic and response conflicts: An fMRI study of practice-related effects in the Stroop task.
Disentangling the neural mechanisms involved in Hinduism- and Buddhism-related meditations.
"Relationships between sleep quality and brain volume, metabolism, and amyloid deposition in late adulthood."
Mentalising music in frontotemporal dementia.
Neuromagnetic brain activity associated with anticipatory postural adjustments for bimanual load lifting.
Default network connectivity in medial temporal lobe amnesia.
MRI-based volumetry correlates of autobiographical memory in Alzheimer's disease.
Emotion regulation: quantitative meta-analysis of functional activation and deactivation.
Functional activity and white matter microstructure reveal the independent effects of age of acquisition and proficiency on second-language learning.
Dopamine modulates episodic memory persistence in old age.
Dissociating the detection of intentionality from animacy in the right posterior  superior temporal sulcus.
Characterization of brain blood flow and the amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations in major depressive disorder: A multimodal meta-analysis.
The extended functional neuroanatomy of emotional processing biases for masked faces in major depressive disorder.
Levodopa effects on hand and speech movements in patients with Parkinson's disease: a FMRI study.
Dynamic changes of intrinsic brain activity in cirrhotic patients after transjugular intrahepatic portosystemic shunt: a resting-state FMRI study.
Early altered resting-state functional connectivity predicts the severity of post-traumatic stress disorder symptoms in acutely traumatized subjects.
Hemispheric asymmetry for affective stimulus processing in healthy subjects--a fMRI study.
Frontostriatal neuroimaging findings differ in patients with bipolar disorder who have or do not have ADHD comorbidity.
Regional grey matter volume and concentration in at-risk adolescents: Untangling associations with callous-unemotional traits and conduct disorder symptoms.
Decreased fractional anisotropy values in two clusters of white matter in patients with schizotypal personality disorder: A DTI study.
"Hard to ""tune in"": neural mechanisms of live face-to-face interaction with high-functioning autistic spectrum disorder."
The association of gray matter volumes in the frontoparietal attention network with temperamental effortful control in young adults: a voxel-based morphometry study.
Functional neuroimaging of dressing-related skills.
Altered negative priming in older subjects: first evidence from behavioral and neural level.
Further characterisation of the functional neuroanatomy associated with prosodic  emotion decoding.
The effect of distracting noise on the neuronal mechanisms of attention in schizophrenia.
Dissociation and convergence of the dorsal and ventral visual working memory streams in the human prefrontal cortex.
Basal ganglia are active during motor performance recovery after a demanding motor task.
APOE e4 polymorphism in young adults is associated with improved attention and indexed by distinct neural signatures.
Changes in default mode network as automaticity develops in a categorization task.
The language of future-thought: an fMRI study of embodiment and tense processing.
Amygdala sensitivity to race is not present in childhood but emerges over adolescence.
Inversion effects in face-selective cortex with combinations of face parts.
"Nucleus accumbens, thalamus and insula connectivity during incentive anticipation in typical adults and adolescents."
Adverse childhood experiences influence the detrimental effect of bipolar disorder and schizophrenia on cortico-limbic grey matter volumes.
The DRD2 rs1076560 polymorphism and schizophrenia-related intermediate phenotypes: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Neurobiological underpinnings of shame and guilt: a pilot fMRI study.
Neural activity related to self-initiating elaborative semantic encoding in associative memory.
Neuroanatomical differences between familial and sporadic schizophrenia and their parents: an optimized voxel-based morphometry study.
Dorsomedial prefrontal cortex mediates rapid evaluations predicting the outcome of romantic interactions.
The neural correlates of recollection: transient versus sustained FMRI effects.
A cerebellar role in performance monitoring - evidence from EEG and voxel-based morphometry in patients with cerebellar degenerative disease.
Nonconscious emotional processing involves distinct neural pathways for pictures  and videos.
Altered integration of speech and gesture in children with autism spectrum disorders.
Functional deficits of the attentional networks in autism.
Neurostructural impact of co-occurring anxiety in pediatric patients with major depressive disorder: a voxel-based morphometry study.
Quantitative cerebral blood flow mapping and functional connectivity of postherpetic neuralgia pain: a perfusion fMRI study.
Comparison of 2D and 3D single-shot ASL perfusion fMRI sequences.
Priming of visual cortex by temporal attention? The effects of temporal predictability on stimulus(-specific) processing in early visual cortical areas.
Distinct contributions of the dorsolateral prefrontal and orbitofrontal cortex during emotion regulation.
Task difficulty manipulation reveals multiple demand activity but no frontal lobe hierarchy.
The neural correlates of identity faking and concealment: an FMRI study.
Combined analyses of gray matter voxel-based morphometry and white matter tract-based spatial statistics in pediatric bipolar mania.
Aberrant resting-state corticostriatal functional connectivity in cirrhotic patients with hyperintense globus pallidus on T1-weighted MR imaging.
The subthalamic microlesion story in Parkinson's disease: electrode insertion-related motor improvement with relative cortico-subcortical hypoactivation in fMRI.
General emotion processing in social anxiety disorder: neural issues of cognitive control.
Salience network-midbrain dysconnectivity and blunted reward signals in schizophrenia.
Structural brain features of borderline personality and bipolar disorders.
Atomoxetine increases fronto-parietal functional MRI activation in attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder: a pilot study.
Fear-specific amygdala function in children and adolescents on the fragile x spectrum: a dosage response of the FMR1 gene.
The functional neuroanatomy of odor evoked autobiographical memories cued by odors and words.
Behavioral regulation in methamphetamine abusers: an fMRI study.
Altered brain function underlying verbal memory encoding and retrieval in psychotic major depression.
Regional homogeneity within the default mode network in bipolar depression: a resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Differential brain response to alcohol cue distractors across stages of alcohol dependence.
Neural correlates of sound externalization.
Alterations in the cortical thickness and the amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation in patients with post-traumatic stress disorder.
The overlap of the EBA and the MT/V5 cluster.
Translocation of the embodied self without visuospatial neglect.
Evidence for a role of a cortico-subcortical network for automatic and unconscious motor inhibition of manual responses.
Retrieval orientation and the control of recollection: an fMRI study.
Cognitive-affective neural plasticity following active-controlled mindfulness intervention.
"Abnormal amplitude low-frequency oscillations in medication-naive, first-episode  patients with major depressive disorder: a resting-state fMRI study."
Processing of speech and non-speech sounds in the supratemporal plane: Auditory input preference does not predict sensitivity to statistical structure.
Cocaine addiction: diffusion tensor imaging study of the inferior frontal and anterior cingulate white matter.
Structural correlates of auditory hallucinations in schizophrenia: a meta-analysis.
Probabilistic orthographic cues to grammatical category in the brain.
When math hurts: math anxiety predicts pain network activation in anticipation of doing math.
Increased brain responses during subjectively-matched mechanical pain stimulation in fibromyalgia patients as evidenced by MEG.
Neural basis of implicit memory for socio-emotional information in schizophrenia.
"White matter impairments in autism, evidence from voxel-based morphometry and diffusion tensor imaging."
Age-related changes in the somatosensory processing of tactile stimulation--an fMRI study.
The Ultimatum Game and the brain: a meta-analysis of neuroimaging studies.
The neural basis of non-native speech perception in bilingual children.
Neurocognitive processing of body representations in artistic and photographic images.
Sensitivity to posed and genuine displays of happiness and sadness: a fMRI study.
The effect of individual differences in working memory capacity on sentence comprehension: an FMRI study.
Resting state functional connectivity of the hippocampus associated with neurocognitive function in left temporal lobe epilepsy.
Structural correlates of skilled performance on a motor sequence task.
Prefrontal cortex contributions to controlled memory judgment: fMRI evidence from adolescents and young adults.
Activation of thalamus in motor imagery results from gating by hypnosis.
Neural activation during anticipation of opposite-sex and same-sex faces in heterosexual men and women.
"Alterations in white matter integrity in first-episode, treatment-naive patients with somatization disorder."
Hyperactivation balances sensory processing deficits during mood induction in schizophrenia.
Unseen fearful faces promote amygdala guidance of attention.
Reward processing and intertemporal decision making in adults and adolescents: the role of impulsivity and decision consistency.
Frontoparietal activity and its structural connectivity in binocular rivalry.
Components of vestibular cortical function.
Attentional orienting to mnemonic representations: reduction of load-sensitive maintenance-related activity in the intraparietal sulcus.
The temporal derivative of expected utility: a neural mechanism for dynamic decision-making.
Functional anatomy of timing differs for production versus prediction of time intervals.
"Covarying alterations in Abeta deposition, glucose metabolism, and gray matter volume in cognitively normal elderly."
Bromocriptine does not alter speed-accuracy tradeoff.
"Human striatum is differentially activated by delayed, omitted, and immediate registering feedback."
Association of obesity with cognitive function and brain structure in patients with major depressive disorder.
Intra- and interhemispheric connectivity between face-selective regions in the human brain.
Counterfactual thinking and reward processing: an fMRI study of responses to gamble outcomes.
The cortical dynamics underlying effective switching of auditory spatial attention.
Fat-free body mass but not fat mass is associated with reduced gray matter volume of cortical brain regions implicated in autonomic and homeostatic regulation.
Evaluative vs. trait representation in intergroup social judgments: distinct roles of anterior temporal lobe and prefrontal cortex.
Role of frontal cortex in attentional capture by singleton distractors.
Counterfactuals in action: an fMRI study of counterfactual sentences describing physical effort.
Functional brain networks and white matter underlying theory-of-mind in autism.
Anterior insular cortex mediates bodily sensibility and social anxiety.
Gray matter abnormalities in patients with social anxiety disorder: A voxel-based morphometry study.
Global prefrontal and fronto-amygdala dysconnectivity in bipolar I disorder with  psychosis history.
Temporal unpredictability of a stimulus sequence affects brain activation differently depending on cognitive task demands.
The impact of aging on the neural networks involved in gaze and emotional processing.
The neural correlates of affect reading: an fMRI study on faces and gestures.
Professional training in creative writing is associated with enhanced fronto-striatal activity in a literary text continuation task.
Articulatory movements modulate auditory responses to speech.
Dissociation between process-based and data-based limitations for conscious perception in the human brain.
How to do things with words: role of motor cortex in semantic representation of action words.
Functional and structural neural indices of risk aversion in obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD).
Intrinsic brain connectivity related to age in young and middle aged adults.
Levels of integration in cognitive control and sequence processing in the prefrontal cortex.
Changes in the correlation between spatial and temporal source memory performance and BOLD activity across the adult lifespan.
Neural evidence for a multifaceted model of attachment security.
A linear/nonlinear characterization of resting state brain networks in FMRI time  series.
Social inclusion enhances biological motion processing: a functional near-infrared spectroscopy study.
Dopamine asymmetries predict orienting bias in healthy individuals.
Neural response to modulating the probability that actions of self or other result in auditory tones: A parametric fMRI study into causal ambiguity.
A 10-year longitudinal fMRI study of narrative comprehension in children and adolescents.
The D-allele of ACE insertion/deletion polymorphism is associated with regional white matter volume changes and cognitive impairment in remitted geriatric depression.
Neurostructural correlates of two subtypes of specific phobia: a voxel-based morphometry study.
Decreased premotor cortex volume in victims of urban violence with posttraumatic  stress disorder.
Brain networks of explicit and implicit learning.
Effects of an antidepressant on neural correlates of emotional processing in patients with major depression.
Accumbens functional connectivity during reward mediates sensation-seeking and alcohol use in high-risk youth.
Is it just a brick wall or a sign from the universe? An fMRI study of supernatural believers and skeptics.
When psychopathy impairs moral judgments: neural responses during judgments about causing fear.
"Cognitive and structural neuroimaging characteristics of schizophrenia patients with large, rare copy number deletions."
Specific neural correlates of successful learning and adaptation during social exchanges.
Fact vs fiction--how paratextual information shapes our reading processes.
Linkage of functional and structural anomalies in the left amygdala of reactive-aggressive men.
'Put on your poker face': neural systems supporting the anticipation for expressive suppression and cognitive reappraisal.
Compassion meditation enhances empathic accuracy and related neural activity.
Antidepressant treatment normalizes white matter volume in patients with major depression.
Approach-bias predicts development of cannabis problem severity in heavy cannabis users: results from a prospective FMRI study.
Localising semantic and syntactic processing in spoken and written language comprehension: an Activation Likelihood Estimation meta-analysis.
Encoding and recall of finger sequences in experienced pianists compared with musically naive controls: a combined behavioral and functional imaging study.
Impairment in semantic retrieval is associated with symptoms in schizophrenia but not bipolar disorder.
The brain's dorsal route for speech represents word meaning: evidence from gesture.
Distinct structural alterations independently contributing to working memory deficits and symptomatology in paranoid schizophrenia.
Patterns of spontaneous brain activity in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis: a resting-state FMRI study.
Plasticity of the injured human spinal cord: insights revealed by spinal cord functional MRI.
The contribution of white and gray matter differences to developmental dyslexia: insights from DTI and VBM at 3.0 T.
Vision holds a greater share in visuo-haptic object recognition than touch.
Neural basis of multisensory looming signals.
Quantifying temporal correlations: a test-retest evaluation of functional connectivity in resting-state fMRI.
Regional differences in the developmental trajectory of lateralization of the language network.
5-HTTLPR-environment interplay and its effects on neural reactivity in adolescents.
Social responsiveness to inanimate entities: Altered white matter in a 'social synaesthesia'.
The neural basis of autobiographical memory deficits in transient epileptic amnesia.
Changes in brain morphology in albinism reflect reduced visual acuity.
Self-relevance modulates brain responses to angry body expressions.
Rapid event-related near-infrared spectroscopy detects age-related qualitative changes in the neural correlates of response inhibition.
Argument structure and morphological factors in noun and verb processing: an fMRI study.
Similar neural mechanisms for perceptual guesses and free decisions.
A meta-analysis of diffusion tensor imaging studies in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Do tasks matter in task switching? Dissociating domain-general from context-specific brain activity.
Relational complexity modulates activity in the prefrontal cortex during numerical inductive reasoning: an fMRI study.
Cortical basis for dichotic pitch perception in developmental dyslexia.
Working memory of somatosensory stimuli: an fMRI study.
Attentional shifts induced by uninformative number symbols modulate neural activity in human occipital cortex.
The neural correlates of emotion-based cognitive control in adults with early childhood behavioral inhibition.
"Cortical thickness, mental absorption and meditative practice: possible implications for disorders of attention."
Shared and drug-specific effects of atomoxetine and methylphenidate on inhibitory brain dysfunction in medication-naive ADHD boys.
Resting-state functional connectivity bias of middle temporal gyrus and caudate with altered gray matter volume in major depression.
Are autobiographical memories inherently social? Evidence from an fMRI study.
Hyperintensities on T2-weighted images in the basal ganglia of patients with major depression: cerebral perfusion and clinical implications.
Cognitive regulation during decision making shifts behavioral control between ventromedial and dorsolateral prefrontal value systems.
Reduced activation in ventral striatum and ventral tegmental area during probabilistic decision-making in schizophrenia.
Brain networks predicting placebo analgesia in a clinical trial for chronic back  pain.
Functional connectivity evidence of cortico-cortico inhibition in temporal lobe epilepsy.
Brain activation patterns during visual episodic memory processing among first-degree relatives of schizophrenia subjects.
Rostral-caudal gradients of abstraction revealed by multi-variate pattern analysis of working memory.
The neural correlates of velocity processing during the observation of a biological effector in the parietal and premotor cortex.
Co-localizing linguistic and musical syntax with intracranial EEG.
Lying in the scanner: localized inhibition predicts lying skill.
A preliminary study of alterations in default network connectivity in post-traumatic stress disorder patients following recent trauma.
The neural substrates of inferential and referential semantic processing.
Abnormal baseline brain activity in bipolar depression: a resting state functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Differential recruitment of brain networks following route and cartographic map learning of spatial environments.
Sensitivity to musical structure in the human brain.
Functional heterogeneity in posterior parietal cortex across attention and episodic memory retrieval.
Reduced neural activation during an inhibition task is associated with impaired fear inhibition in a traumatized civilian sample.
"Post-traumatic stress symptoms correlate with smaller subgenual cingulate, caudate, and insula volumes in unmedicated combat veterans."
Somatotopy of the extrinsic laryngeal muscles in the human sensorimotor cortex.
"The impact of ""physiological correction"" on functional connectivity analysis of pharmacological resting state fMRI."
Physical experience leads to enhanced object perception in parietal cortex: insights from knot tying.
Age differences of multivariate network expressions during task-switching and their associations with behavior
Mechanisms of enhancing visual-speech recognition by prior auditory information.
Behavioral and neural evidence for masked conceptual priming of recollection.
Resting-state functional connectivity patterns predict Chinese word reading competency.
Visual object agnosia is associated with a breakdown of object-selective responses in the lateral occipital cortex.
Selection and inhibition mechanisms for human voluntary action decisions.
The impact of aging on gray matter structural covariance networks.
Evidence for coordinated functional activity within the extended amygdala of non-human and human primates.
"Self-determined, but not non-self-determined, motivation predicts activations in  the anterior insular cortex: an fMRI study of personal agency."
Effector selection precedes reach planning in the dorsal parietofrontal cortex.
Distinct human face representations in the perirhinal cortex and fusiform gyrus.
"Moral decision-making, ToM, empathy and the default mode network."
Disrupted resting-state functional connectivity of the hippocampus in medication-naive patients with major depressive disorder.
Trait motivation moderates neural activation associated with goal pursuit.
Subjective uncertainty and limbic hyperactivation in obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Cortical-basal ganglia imbalance in schizophrenia patients and unaffected first-degree relatives.
Resting cerebral glucose metabolism and perfusion patterns in women with posttraumatic stress disorder related to sexual assault.
The facilitating effect of clinical hypnosis on motor imagery: an fMRI study.
Common and differential brain responses in men and women to nonverbal emotional vocalizations by the same and opposite sex.
Functional topography of primary emotion processing in the human cerebellum.
Feeling others' painful actions: the sensorimotor integration of pain and action information.
The influence of emotional priming on the neural substrates of memory: a prospective fMRI study using portrait art stimuli.
Pregabalin effects on neural response to emotional faces.
Segregating the comprehension and elaboration processing of verbal jokes: an fMRI study.
The brain circuitry underlying the temporal evolution of nausea in humans.
"Neural correlates of interference inhibition, action withholding and action cancelation in adult ADHD."
The effect of leisure activity golf practice on motor imagery: an fMRI study in middle adulthood.
Thinking about eating food activates visual cortex with reduced bilateral cerebellar activation in females with anorexia nervosa: an fMRI study.
Similar or different? The role of the ventrolateral prefrontal cortex in similarity detection.
Self-paced and externally triggered rhythmical lower limb movements: a functional MRI study.
Distinct role of spatial frequency in dissociative reading of ideograms and phonograms: an fMRI study.
Neurobiology of self-awareness in schizophrenia: an fMRI study.
Anomalous functional brain activation following negative mood induction in children with pre-school onset major depression.
Does context matter in evaluations of stigmatized individuals? An fMRI study.
Effects of semantic relatedness on age-related associative memory deficits: the role of theta oscillations.
Activation of the hippocampal complex during tactile maze solving in congenitally blind subjects.
Medial orbitofrontal cortex is associated with shifting decision thresholds in self-serving cognition.
Shifting the focus of attention modulates amygdala and anterior cingulate cortex  reactivity to emotional faces.
Large-scale brain networks in board game experts: insights from a domain-related  task and task-free resting state.
Top-down modulations from dorsal stream in lexical recognition: an effective connectivity FMRI study.
Imaging language networks before and after anterior temporal lobe resection: results of a longitudinal fMRI study.
Structural and functional neural correlates of visuospatial information processing in normal aging and amnestic mild cognitive impairment.
Lovastatin regulates brain spontaneous low-frequency brain activity in neurofibromatosis type 1.
Compensatory premotor activity during affective face processing in subclinical carriers of a single mutant Parkin allele.
Processing noncanonical sentences in broca's region: reflections of movement distance and type.
Brain activation during anticipation of interoceptive threat.
Social grasping: from mirroring to mentalizing.
Effect of paroxetine and bupropion on human resting brain perfusion: an arterial  spin labeling study.
Functional connectivity and laterality of the motor and sensory components in the volitional swallowing network.
Changes in auditory feedback connections determine the severity of speech processing deficits after stroke.
Cognitive control: preparation of task switching components.
Inter-individual differences in the habitual use of cognitive reappraisal and expressive suppression are associated with variations in prefrontal cognitive control for emotional information: an event 
Neural correlates coding stimulus level and perception of capsaicin-evoked urge-to-cough in humans.
Heightened activity in a key region of the ventral attention network is linked to reduced activity in a key region of the dorsal attention network during unexpected shifts of covert visual spatial att
Mindfulness meditation training alters stress-related amygdala resting state functional connectivity: a randomized controlled trial.
Dissociable stages of problem solving (II): first evidence for process-contingent temporal order of activation in dorsolateral prefrontal cortex.
Impact of meditation training on the default mode network during a restful state.
Common representation of pain and negative emotion in the midbrain periaqueductal gray.
"A dual-subsystem model of the brain's default network: self-referential processing, memory retrieval processes, and autobiographical memory retrieval."
Altered amygdala-prefrontal response to facial emotion in offspring of parents with bipolar disorder.
Transient and sustained neural responses to death-related linguistic cues.
Inducing negative affect increases the reward value of appetizing foods in dieters.
Genes encoding heterotrimeric G-proteins are associated with gray matter volume variations in the medial frontal cortex.
Acute baclofen diminishes resting baseline blood flow to limbic structures: a perfusion fMRI study.
Scene construction in amnesia: an FMRI study.
Cerebral integration of verbal and nonverbal emotional cues: impact of individual nonverbal dominance.
Cortical thickness correlates of pain and temperature sensitivity.
The fraction of an action is more than a movement: neural signatures of event segmentation in fMRI.
Neural processing of overt word generation in healthy individuals: the effect of  age and word knowledge.
The cortical representation of simple mathematical expressions.
Individual differences in premotor and motor recruitment during speech perception.
Detection of the acute effects of hydrocortisone in the hippocampus using pharmacological fMRI.
Very early modulation of brain responses to neutral faces by a single prior association with an emotional context: evidence from MEG.
Resting state FDG-PET functional connectivity as an early biomarker of Alzheimer's disease using conjoint univariate and independent component analyses.
Neonatal brain injury and neuroanatomy of memory processing following very preterm birth in adulthood: an fMRI study.
SCN1A affects brain structure and the neural activity of the aging brain.
Does simile comprehension differ from metaphor comprehension? A functional MRI study.
What the human brain likes about facial motion.
The role of the left putamen in multilingual language production.
The effect of object state-changes on event processing: do objects compete with themselves?
BOLD responses in somatosensory cortices better reflect heat sensation than pain.
Thirty minute transcutaneous electric acupoint stimulation modulates resting state brain activities: a perfusion and BOLD fMRI study.
Abnormal baseline brain activity in low-grade hepatic encephalopathy: a resting-state fMRI study.
Neurocognitive dimensions of lexical complexity in Polish.
Enhanced affect/cognition-related brain responses during visceral placebo analgesia in irritable bowel syndrome patients.
An fMRI study of attentional control in the context of emotional distracters in euthymic adults with bipolar disorder.
Visual and audiovisual effects of isochronous timing on visual perception and brain activity.
Distinct neural correlates of associative working memory and long-term memory encoding in the medial temporal lobe.
Dynamical properties of BOLD activity from the ventral posteromedial cortex associated with meditation and attentional skills.
Learning piano melodies in visuo-motor or audio-motor training conditions and the neural correlates of their cross-modal transfer.
Individuated finger control in focal hand dystonia: an fMRI study.
Sensation seeking predicts brain responses in the old-new task: converging multimodal neuroimaging evidence.
EEG-fMRI based information theoretic characterization of the human perceptual decision system.
Cytoarchitectonical analysis and probabilistic mapping of two extrastriate areas  of the human posterior fusiform gyrus.
Category learning increases discriminability of relevant object dimensions in visual cortex.
Cerebral processing of voice gender studied using a continuous carryover FMRI design.
The neural dynamics of updating person impressions.
Encoding of sensory prediction errors in the human cerebellum.
A forced-attention dichotic listening fMRI study on 113 subjects.
The human operculo-insular cortex is pain-preferentially but not pain-exclusively activated by trigeminal and olfactory stimuli.
The neural mechanisms by which testosterone acts on interpersonal trust.
Why ruminators won't stop: the structural and resting state correlates of rumination and its relation to depression.
Combined structural and resting-state functional MRI analysis of sexual dimorphism in the young adult human brain: an MVPA approach.
Finding and feeling the musical beat: striatal dissociations between detection and prediction of regularity.
Motor learning-induced changes in functional brain connectivity as revealed by means of graph-theoretical network analysis.
Interaction between bottom-up and top-down effects during the processing of pitch intervals in sequences of spoken and sung syllables.
Videogame training strategy-induced change in brain function during a complex visuomotor task.
From a concept to a word in a syntactically complete sentence: an fMRI study on spontaneous language production in an overt picture description task.
Neural correlates of stress and favorite-food cue exposure in adolescents: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
A voxel-based morphometry (VBM) analysis of regional grey and white matter volume abnormalities within the speech production network of children who stutter.
Extratemporal functional connectivity impairments at rest are related to memory performance in mesial temporal epilepsy.
Decoding the representation of numerical values from brain activation patterns.
Dissociating object directed and non-object directed action in the human mirror system; implications for theories of motor simulation.
Abnormal functional connectivity between the anterior cingulate and the default mode network in drug-naive boys with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.
"A magnetoencephalographic study of face processing: M170, gamma-band oscillations and source localization."
Automatic prediction error responses to hands with unexpected laterality: an electrophysiological study.
"The neural bases of acquisitiveness: decisions to acquire and discard everyday goods differ across frames, items, and individuals."
Anatomical and functional deficits in patients with amnestic mild cognitive impairment.
Dorsal striatum and its limbic connectivity mediate abnormal anticipatory reward  processing in obesity.
Altered cortical morphology in sensorimotor processing regions in adolescents and adults with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.
Spatial working memory dysfunction in minimal hepatic encephalopathy: an ethology and BOLD-fMRI study.
Regional brain responses to pleasant and unpleasant IAPS pictures: different networks.
Optimization of contrast detection power with probabilistic behavioral information.
Neural correlates of working memory in Temporal Lobe Epilepsy--an fMRI study.
Defining face perception areas in the human brain: a large-scale factorial fMRI face localizer analysis.
Insular cortex mediates increased pain tolerance in yoga practitioners.
Localization of cerebral functional deficits in patients with obsessive-compulsive disorder: a resting-state fMRI study.
Diminished frontostriatal activity during processing of monetary rewards and losses in pathological gambling.
Visuospatial processing in early Alzheimer's disease: A multimodal neuroimaging study.
l-DOPA changes ventral striatum recruitment during motor sequence learning in Parkinson's disease.
Phoneme and word recognition in the auditory ventral stream.
Serotonin transporter genotype modulates cognitive reappraisal of negative emotions: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Investigating unique environmental contributions to the neural representation of  written words: a monozygotic twin study.
Neural mechanisms underlying the induction and relief of perceptual curiosity.
Neural correlates of recognition memory in children with febrile seizures: evidence from functional magnetic resonance imaging.
"The parametric, psychological, neuropsychological, and neuroanatomical properties of self and world evaluation."
Using confirmatory factor analysis to measure contemporaneous activation of defined neuronal networks in functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Differentiating maturational and training influences on fMRI activation during music processing.
Abnormal default-mode network in angiotensin converting enzyme D allele carriers  with remitted geriatric depression.
Aberrant anterior cingulate activation in obsessive-compulsive disorder is related to task complexity.
Insular and hippocampal contributions to remembering people with an impression of bad personality.
Exploring the neural correlates of visual creativity.
Brain changes in children and adolescents with obsessive-compulsive disorder before and after treatment: a voxel-based morphometric MRI study.
Functional characteristics of developmental dyslexia in left-hemispheric posterior brain regions predate reading onset.
Empathy for the social suffering of friends and strangers recruits distinct patterns of brain activation.
Functional activity of the right temporo-parietal junction and of the medial prefrontal cortex associated with true and false belief reasoning.
Neural dissociation of phonological and visual attention span disorders in developmental dyslexia: FMRI evidence from two case reports.
Multiple sensitivity profiles to diversity and transition structure in non-stationary input.
Real-time fMRI-based neurofeedback reinforces causality of attention networks.
Sex differences in anterior cingulate cortex activation during impulse inhibition and behavioral correlates.
"Broca's area and sentence comprehension: a relationship parasitic on dependency,  displacement or predictability?"
Disentangling self- and fairness-related neural mechanisms involved in the ultimatum game: an fMRI study.
Why are you looking like that? How the context influences evaluation and processing of human faces.
"Stretched, jumped, and fell: an fMRI investigation of reflexive verbs and other intransitives."
Exploring resting-state functional connectivity with total interdependence.
Social status modulates neural activity in the mentalizing network.
Arousal Modulates Activity in the Medial Temporal Lobe during a Short-Term Relational Memory Task.
Distinct neural networks underlie encoding of categorical versus coordinate spatial relations during active navigation.
The salience network contributes to an individual's fluid reasoning capacity.
Dissociable neural representations of reinforcement and belief prediction errors  underlie strategic learning.
Neural correlates of humor detection and appreciation in children.
Goal-directed behavior under emotional distraction is preserved by enhanced task-specific activation.
Metaphorically feeling: comprehending textural metaphors activates somatosensory  cortex.
Within-limb somatotopic organization in human SI and parietal operculum for the leg: an fMRI study.
Dual-tasking alleviated sleep deprivation disruption in visuomotor tracking: an fMRI study.
Age-related differences in the brain areas outside the classical language areas among adults using category decision task.
Reactivation of visual cortex during memory retrieval: content specificity and emotional modulation.
Steady-state responses in MEG demonstrate information integration within but not  across the auditory and visual senses.
Age of onset of marijuana use impacts inhibitory processing.
Neural correlates of the core facets of empathy in schizophrenia.
Interaction of COMT val158met and externalizing behavior: relation to prefrontal  brain activity and behavioral performance.
Brain 'talks over' boring quotes: top-down activation of voice-selective areas while listening to monotonous direct speech quotations.
Rat brains also have a default mode network.
The function and organization of lateral prefrontal cortex: a test of competing hypotheses.
Neural correlates of autobiographical memory in amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment.
Theory of mind in patients with schizophrenia: is mentalizing delayed?
"Brain hypoactivation, autonomic nervous system dysregulation, and gonadal hormones in depression: a preliminary study."
Altered cerebral blood flow and neurocognitive correlates in adolescent cannabis  users.
Brain activation during the perception of stressful word stimuli concerning interpersonal relationships in anorexia nervosa patients with high degrees of alexithymia in an fMRI paradigm.
An algorithmic method for functionally defining regions of interest in the ventral visual pathway.
Neural reactivation reveals mechanisms for updating memory.
Neuroimaging self-esteem: a fMRI study of individual differences in women.
When your friends make you cringe: social closeness modulates vicarious embarrassment-related neural activity.
Effects of meditation experience on functional connectivity of distributed brain  networks.
Gray matter network associated with risk for Alzheimer's disease in young to middle-aged adults.
Nonverbal sound processing in semantic dementia: a functional MRI study.
The neural dissociation of subjective valuation from choice processes in intertemporal choice.
The neural correlates of subjective pleasantness.
"Brain Volumetrics, Regional Cortical Thickness and Radiographic Findings in Adults with Cyanotic Congenital Heart Disease☆"
Understanding the neural mechanisms involved in sensory control of voice production.
Resting-state glutamate level in the anterior cingulate predicts blood-oxygen level-dependent response to cognitive control.
Priming picture naming with a semantic task: an fMRI investigation.
The role of inferior frontal gyrus in processing Chinese classifiers.
Social economic decision-making across the lifespan: An fMRI investigation.
Disinhibited feedback as a cause of synesthesia: evidence from a functional connectivity study on auditory-visual synesthetes.
Neural correlates of attention bias to threat in post-traumatic stress disorder.
I feel good whether my friends win or my foes lose: brain mechanisms underlying feeling similarity.
"
De Qi, a Threshold of the Stimulus Intensity, Elicits the Specific Response of Acupoints and Intrinsic Change of Human Brain to Acupuncture"
Neural correlates of temporal integration in face recognition: an fMRI study.
Patterns of response to visual scenes are linked to the low-level properties of the image.
Reward system dysfunction in autism spectrum disorders.
Regional white matter volumes correlate with delay discounting.
Self-esteem modulates dorsal anterior cingulate cortical response in self-referential processing.
Working together may be better: activation of reward centers during a cooperative maze task.
Age-related neural differences in affiliation and isolation.
Visuotopic cortical connectivity underlying attention revealed with white-matter  tractography.
Neural mechanisms mediating contingent capture of attention by affective stimuli.
Dissociable large-scale networks anchored in the right anterior insula subserve affective experience and attention.
The role of the left anterior temporal lobe in exception word reading: reconciling patient and neuroimaging findings.
Neural correlates of feigned memory impairment are distinguishable from answering randomly and answering incorrectly: an fMRI and behavioral study.
Structure-function relationship of working memory activity with hippocampal and prefrontal cortex volumes.
Neuronal correlates of social cognition in borderline personality disorder.
Tracking down abstract linguistic meaning: neural correlates of spatial frame of  reference ambiguities in language.
Concordance of MEG and fMRI patterns in adolescents during verb generation.
Age effects on the P300 potential and the corresponding fMRI BOLD-signal.
Rule and similarity in grammar: their interplay and individual differences in the brain.
The correlation between brain gray matter volume and empathizing and systemizing  quotients in healthy children.
Evoked and intrinsic asymmetries during auditory attention: implications for the  contralateral and neglect models of functioning.
Age-related neural reorganization during spoken word recognition: the interaction of form and meaning.
Individual differences in distraction by motion predicted by neural activity in MT/V5.
The neural correlates of the body-object interaction effect in semantic processing.
Neural correlates of focused attention during a brief mindfulness induction.
Neural correlates of visual aesthetics--beauty as the coalescence of stimulus and internal state.
Mood modulates auditory laterality of hemodynamic mismatch responses during dichotic listening.
Parental substance abuse and function of the motivation and behavioral inhibition systems in drug-naive youth.
Autobiographical memory in depression: an fMRI study.
Cortical networks for vision and language in dyslexic and normal children of variable socio-economic status.
The anterior left inferior frontal gyrus contributes to semantic unification.
Catechol-O-methyltransferase gene variation: impact on amygdala response to aversive stimuli.
Visemic processing in audiovisual discrimination of natural speech: a simultaneous fMRI-EEG study.
Neural bases of falsification in conditional proposition testing: evidence from an fMRI study.
The archeologist's career ended in ruins: hemispheric differences in pun comprehension in autism.
Equality versus self-interest in the brain: differential roles of anterior insula and medial prefrontal cortex.
"
fMRI functional connectivity of the periaqueductal gray in PTSD and its dissociative subtype"
Neural processing of reward and punishment in young people at increased familial  risk of depression.
Neural Activity during Natural Viewing of Sesame Street Statistically Predicts Test Scores in Early Childhood
Disgust proneness and associated neural substrates in obesity.
Brain activation patterns of motor imagery reflect plastic changes associated with intensive shooting training.
The effect of family therapy on the changes in the severity of on-line game play  and brain activity in adolescents with on-line game addiction.
Similar alterations in brain function for phonological and semantic processing to visual characters in Chinese dyslexia.
Differentiating hemispheric contributions to syntax and semantics in patients with left-hemisphere lesions.
Priming of control: implicit contextual cuing of top-down attentional set.
Gender modulates the APOE epsilon4 effect in healthy older adults: convergent evidence from functional brain connectivity and spinal fluid tau levels.
Network analysis reveals increased integration during emotional and motivational  processing.
The impact of auditory working memory training on the fronto-parietal working memory network.
Dissociated representations of pleasant and unpleasant olfacto-trigeminal mixtures: an FMRI study.
Neural activation and functional connectivity during motor imagery of bimanual everyday actions.
Resting-state networks in adolescents with 22q11.2 deletion syndrome: associations with prodromal symptoms and executive functions.
Neural activity during emotion recognition after combined cognitive plus social cognitive training in schizophrenia.
Neural networks related to pro-saccades and anti-saccades revealed by independent component analysis.
Memory monitoring performance and PFC activity are associated with 5-HTTLPR genotype in older adults.
Matching is not naming: a direct comparison of lexical manipulations in explicit  and implicit reading tasks.
Differential neural circuitry and self-interest in real vs hypothetical moral decisions.
A NIRS-fMRI study of resting state network.
An fMRI study of joint action-varying levels of cooperation correlates with activity in control networks.
Working memory impairment in fibromyalgia patients associated with altered frontoparietal memory network.
Value and prediction error estimation account for volatility effects in ACC: a model-based fMRI study.
The neuronal infrastructure of speaking.
Psychological and neural mechanisms of trait mindfulness in reducing depression vulnerability.
Enhanced emotional reactivity after selective REM sleep deprivation in humans: an fMRI study.
Alterations in regional homogeneity of resting-state brain activity in ketamine addicts.
Alterations of theory of mind network activation in chronic cannabis users.
Error-related anterior cingulate cortex activity and the prediction of conscious  error awareness.
Dissociable influences of opiates and expectations on pain.
Association of poor insight in schizophrenia with structure and function of cortical midline structures and frontopolar cortex.
Patients with Schizophrenia Fail to Up-Regulate Task-Positive and Down-Regulate Task-Negative Brain Networks: An fMRI Study Using an ICA Analysis Approach.
Gender differences of brain activity in the conflicts based on implicit self-esteem.
Variance and autocorrelation of the spontaneous slow brain activity.
Brain circuitries involved in semantic interference by demands of emotional and non-emotional distractors.
Flexible rule use: common neural substrates in children and adults.
Withholding response in the face of a smile: age-related differences in prefrontal sensitivity to Nogo cues following happy and angry faces.
Mental paper folding performance following penetrating traumatic brain injury in  combat veterans: a lesion mapping study.
Attention and semantic processing during speech: an fMRI study.
Gray matter density of auditory association cortex relates to knowledge of sound  concepts in primary progressive aphasia.
Impaired functional connectivity of brain reward circuitry in patients with schizophrenia and cannabis use disorder: Effects of cannabis and THC.
Differential recruitment of the sensorimotor putamen and frontoparietal cortex during motor chunking in humans.
Altered velocity processing in schizophrenia during pursuit eye tracking.
Reversed frontotemporal connectivity during emotional face processing in remitted depression.
Differences in neural activation between preterm and full term born adolescents on a sentence comprehension task: implications for educational accommodations.
Weak task-related modulation and stimulus representations during arithmetic problem solving in children with developmental dyscalculia.
Brain function during probabilistic learning in relation to IQ and level of education.
Inter-individual differences in empathy are reflected in human brain structure.
Brain fMRI study of crave induced by cue pictures in online game addicts (male adolescents).
Functional and effective connectivity of anterior insula in anorexia nervosa and  bulimia nervosa.
Mindfulness meditation training alters cortical representations of interoceptive  attention.
Neural correlates of continuous causal word generation.
Persistent affective biases in human amygdala response following implicit priming with negative emotion concepts.
"Multivariate activation and connectivity patterns discriminate speech intelligibility in Wernicke's, Broca's, and Geschwind's areas."
Differences in brain function and changes with intervention in children with poor spelling and reading abilities.
Cortical thinning in patients with recent onset post-traumatic stress disorder after a single prolonged trauma exposure.
Methylphenidate effects on prefrontal functioning during attentional-capture and  response inhibition.
Dissecting the anticipation of aversion reveals dissociable neural networks.
Exploration of the mechanisms underlying the ISPC effect: evidence from behavioral and neuroimaging data.
Give it time: neural evidence for distorted time perception and enhanced memory encoding in emotional situations.
Ipsilateral synkinesia involves the supplementary motor area.
"Conflict adaptation in prefrontal cortex: now you see it, now you don't."
Building virtual reality fMRI paradigms: a framework for presenting immersive virtual environments.
Attention for speaking: domain-general control from the anterior cingulate cortex in spoken word production.
Craving correlates with mesolimbic responses to heroin-related cues in short-term abstinence from heroin: an event-related fMRI study.
Neural and behavioral responses during self-evaluative processes differ in youth  with and without autism.
Cerebrospinal fluid space alterations in melancholic depression.
Acute tryptophan depletion improves performance and modulates the BOLD response during a Stroop task in healthy females.
Acute alcohol intoxication impairs top-down regulation of Stroop incongruity as revealed by blood oxygen level-dependent functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Classification of types of stuttering symptoms based on brain activity.
The what and how components of cognitive control.
The response of face-selective cortex with single face parts and part combinations.
Neural evidence that utterance-processing entails mentalizing: the case of irony.
Effects of an alpha 7-nicotinic agonist on default network activity in schizophrenia.
Altered intra- and inter-regional synchronization of superior temporal cortex in  deaf people.
Neural network development in late adolescents during observation of risk-taking  action.
Spatio-temporal updating in the left posterior parietal cortex.
Mental action simulation synchronizes action-observation circuits across individuals.
"Interactive effects of three core goal pursuit processes on brain control systems: goal maintenance, performance monitoring, and response inhibition."
Passive and motivated perception of emotional faces: qualitative and quantitative changes in the face processing network.
Fasting plasma insulin and the default mode network in women at risk for Alzheimer's disease.
Functional brain activation to emotionally valenced faces in school-aged children with a history of preschool-onset major depression.
Patterns of fractional amplitude of low-frequency oscillations in occipito-striato-thalamic regions of first-episode drug-naive panic disorder.
Common and distinct neural mechanisms of attentional switching and response conflict.
Variants in the DYX2 locus are associated with altered brain activation in reading-related brain regions in subjects with reading disability.
The effects of tetrahydrobiopterin (BH4) treatment on brain function in individuals with phenylketonuria☆
Effects of cranial electrotherapy stimulation on resting state brain activity.
Altered cerebellar functional connectivity with intrinsic connectivity networks in adults with major depressive disorder.
Implicit motivational value and salience are processed in distinct areas of orbitofrontal cortex.
Cognitive training-related changes in hippocampal activity associated with recollection in older adults.
Temporal microstructure of cortical networks (TMCN) underlying task-related differences.
Preliminary fMRI findings concerning the influence of 5‐HTP on food selection
The neural substrates of person perception: spontaneous use of financial and moral status knowledge.
Mental arithmetic activates analogic representations of internally generated sums.
Neural processing of sensory and emotional-communicative information associated with the perception of vicarious pain.
Modulation of feedback related activity in the rostral anterior cingulate cortex  during trial and error exploration.
Activation and connectivity patterns of the presupplementary and dorsal premotor  areas during free improvisation of melodies and rhythms.
When your error becomes my error: anterior insula activation in response to observed errors is modulated by agency.
Neural organization for recognition of grammatical and emotional facial expressions in deaf ASL signers and hearing nonsigners
Modulating effect of COMT genotype on the brain regions underlying proactive control process during inhibition.
Dynamic brain mapping of behavior change: tracking response initiation and inhibition to changes in reinforcement rate.
"Anti-correlated networks, global signal regression, and the effects of caffeine in resting-state functional MRI."
Automatic sleep staging using fMRI functional connectivity data.
Loss of intranetwork and internetwork resting state functional connections with Alzheimer's disease progression.
"Threat of punishment motivates memory encoding via amygdala, not midbrain, interactions with the medial temporal lobe."
Global connectivity of prefrontal cortex predicts cognitive control and intelligence.
Social network modulation of reward-related signals.
Neural basis of moral elevation demonstrated through inter-subject synchronization of cortical activity during free-viewing.
Diminished medial prefrontal activity behind autistic social judgments of incongruent information.
"Gray matter abnormalities in social anxiety disorder: primary, replication, and specificity studies."
"Early and late onset, first-episode, treatment-naive depression: same clinical symptoms, different regional neural activities."
Picture novelty attenuates semantic interference and modulates concomitant neural activity in the anterior cingulate cortex and the locus coeruleus.
"Effects of age, task performance, and structural brain development on face processing."
Cortical dynamics of human scalp EEG origins in a visually guided motor execution.
Neurophysiological correlates of age-related changes in working memory updating.
Default mode network activity in schizophrenia studied at resting state using probabilistic ICA.
Voxel-based morphometry of patients with schizophrenia or bipolar disorder and their unaffected relatives
Differential connectivity of perirhinal and parahippocampal cortices within human hippocampal subregions revealed by high-resolution functional imaging.
Pavlovian reward prediction and receipt in schizophrenia: relationship to anhedonia.
Auditory resting-state network connectivity in tinnitus: a functional MRI study.
5-HTTLPR polymorphism impacts task-evoked and resting-state activities of the amygdala in Han Chinese.
Specialization and integration of brain responses to object recognition and location detection.
Enhancement and suppression in a lexical interference fMRI-paradigm.
"Abnormal cortical sensorimotor activity during ""Target"" sound detection in subjects with acute acoustic trauma sequelae: an fMRI study."
Neuroanatomical substrates involved in true and false memories for face.
Widespread abnormality of the gamma-aminobutyric acid-ergic system in Tourette syndrome.
Aging effects on functional auditory and visual processing using fMRI with variable sensory loading.
Practice on conflict tasks promotes executive function of working memory in the elderly.
Moral values are associated with individual differences in regional brain volume.
Brain correlates of musical and facial emotion recognition: evidence from the dementias.
Characterizing the anomalous cognition-emotion interactions in externalizing.
Stochastic dynamic causal modelling of fMRI data: should we care about neural noise?
Connectivity graph analysis of the auditory resting state network in tinnitus.
Evidence for neural encoding of Bayesian surprise in human somatosensation.
The contribution of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex to the preparation for deception and truth-telling.
Real-time imaging of cortical areas involved in the generation of increases in skin sympathetic nerve activity when viewing emotionally charged images.
Appetite regulation during food cue exposure: a comparison of normal-weight and obese women.
A time-varying source connectivity approach to reveal human somatosensory information processing.
Facilitation of speech repetition accuracy by theta burst stimulation of the left posterior inferior frontal gyrus.
Overcoming residual interference in mental set switching: neural correlates and developmental trajectory.
Neural mechanisms of symptom improvements in generalized anxiety disorder following mindfulness training☆☆☆
Investigating function and connectivity of morphometric findings--exemplified on  cerebellar atrophy in spinocerebellar ataxia 17 (SCA17).
Neuroimaging evidence for processes underlying repetition of ignored stimuli.
Prefrontal contributions to metacognition in perceptual decision making.
Neural correlates of multisensory perceptual learning.
Spatio-temporal brain mapping of motion-onset VEPs combined with fMRI and retinotopic maps.
Sex-dependent correlations between the personality dimension of harm avoidance and the resting-state functional connectivity of amygdala subregions.
Selective role for striatal and prefrontal regions in processing first trial feedback during single-trial associative learning.
Emotional perception: correspondence of early and late event-related potentials with cortical and subcortical functional MRI.
Magneto- and electroencephalographic manifestations of reward anticipation and delivery.
Impaired comprehension of temporal connectives in Parkinson's disease--a neuroimaging study.
Reduced functional connectivity within and between 'social' resting state networks in autism spectrum conditions.
Altered resting state connectivity of the default mode network in alexithymia.
The impact of social disparity on prefrontal function in childhood.
Creativity and the brain: uncovering the neural signature of conceptual expansion.
Resting-state functional connectivity between fronto-parietal and default mode networks in obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Therapy-induced neuroplasticity in chronic aphasia.
Mirrored or identical--is the role of visual perception underestimated in the mental rotation process of 3D-objects?: a combined fMRI-eye tracking-study.
Developmental differences for word processing in the ventral stream.
Psychopathic traits are associated with cortical and subcortical volume alterations in healthy individuals.
Frontal and parietal activity after sleep deprivation is dependent on task difficulty and can be predicted by the fMRI response after normal sleep.
"Common and unique neuro-functional basis of induction, visualization, and spatial relationships as cognitive components of fluid intelligence."
Effects of beta-amyloid accumulation on neural function during encoding across the adult lifespan.
Inferring task-related networks using independent component analysis in magnetoencephalography.
Presence of strong harmonics during visual entrainment: a magnetoencephalography  study.
Validation of a child-friendly version of the monetary incentive delay task.
Changes in the brain intrinsic organization in both on-task state and post-task resting state.
Electrophysiological and functional connectivity of the human supplementary motor area.
Age related differences in the neural substrates of motor sequence learning after interleaved and repetitive practice.
Left prefrontal cortex activation during sentence comprehension covaries with grammatical knowledge in children.
"Cortical activation during executed, imagined, observed, and passive wrist movements in healthy volunteers and stroke patients."
Neural convergence for language comprehension and grammatical class production in highly proficient bilinguals is independent of age of acquisition.
Exposure therapy triggers lasting reorganization of neural fear processing.
Striatal dopamine D(2)/D(3) receptors mediate response inhibition and related activity in frontostriatal neural circuitry in humans.
Bidirectional gray matter changes after complex motor skill learning.
The amygdala is involved in affective priming effect for fearful faces.
Neural adaptation across viewpoint and exemplar in fusiform cortex.
"Dual routes for verbal repetition: articulation-based and acoustic-phonetic codes for pseudoword and word repetition, respectively."
Hemispheric asymmetries in goal-directed hand movements are independent of hand preference.
Neural correlates of cognitive fatigue in multiple sclerosis using functional MRI.
Attentional priorities and access to short-term memory: parietal interactions.
Cerebral correlates of skin conductance responses in a cognitive task.
Common substrate for mental arithmetic and finger representation in the parietal  cortex.
Single-trial EEG-fMRI coupling of the emotional auditory early posterior negativity.
Amygdala-prefrontal coupling underlies individual differences in emotion regulation.
Linking ordering in Broca's area to storage in left temporo-parietal regions: the case of sentence processing.
Social cognitive deficits and their neural correlates in progressive supranuclear palsy.
Striatal dopamine influences the default mode network to affect shifting between  object features.
Successful inhibitory control over an immediate reward is associated with attentional disengagement in visual processing areas.
Trait anxiety and the neural efficiency of manipulation in working memory.
Response of dorsomedial prefrontal cortex predicts altruistic behavior.
Contrasting visual working memory for verbal and non-verbal material with multivariate analysis of fMRI.
Second language experience modulates functional brain network for the native language production in bimodal bilinguals.
Gains of item-specific training in visual working memory and their neural correlates.
Pre-orthographic character string processing and parietal cortex: a role for visual attention in reading?
Amygdala responsiveness to emotional words is modulated by subclinical anxiety and depression.
Hippocampal-prefrontal engagement and dynamic causal interactions in the maturation of children's fact retrieval.
Effects of category learning on neural sensitivity to non-native phonetic categories.
An anterior-posterior gradient of cognitive control within the dorsomedial striatum.
Cognitive Behavioral Therapy increases pain-evoked activation of the prefrontal cortex in patients with fibromyalgia.
Modulation of limbic-cerebellar functional connectivity enables alcoholics to recognize who is who.
PKCalpha is genetically linked to memory capacity in healthy subjects and to risk for posttraumatic stress disorder in genocide survivors.
How do we think machines think? An fMRI study of alleged competition with an artificial intelligence.
Musical training induces functional plasticity in perceptual and motor networks:  insights from resting-state FMRI.
Neuroanatomical correlates of visual car expertise.
Overlapping activity in anterior insula during interoception and emotional experience.
Sparse representation of brain aging: extracting covariance patterns from structural MRI.
Regional brain responses in nulliparous women to emotional infant stimuli.
Developmental effects of decision-making on sensitivity to reward: an fMRI study.
Adaptation to heading direction dissociates the roles of human MST and V6 in the  processing of optic flow.
Approach-avoidance processes contribute to dissociable impacts of risk and loss on choice.
Global and regional gray matter reductions in ADHD: A voxel-based morphometric study
Reward-related dorsal striatal activity differences between former and current cocaine dependent individuals during an interactive competitive game.
High versus low level of response to alcohol: evidence of differential reactivity to emotional stimuli.
Excessive contralateral motor overflow in schizophrenia measured by fMRI.
Functional interactions of HIV-infection and methamphetamine dependence during motor programming.
Divergent brain network connectivity in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Neural representations of unfamiliar objects are modulated by sensorimotor experience.
fMRI-activation during drawing a naturalistic or sketchy portrait.
Motor familiarity: brain activation when watching kinematic displays of one's own movements.
The neuroscience of group membership.
The five factors of personality and regional cortical variability in the Baltimore longitudinal study of aging.
Fluid reasoning deficits in children with ADHD: evidence from fMRI.
An fMRI investigation of empathy for 'social pain' and subsequent prosocial behavior.
Neural correlates of learning to attend.
Neural bases of dysphoria in early Huntington's disease.
"Abnormal prefrontal cortical activity and connectivity during response selection  in first episode psychosis, chronic schizophrenia, and unaffected siblings of individuals with schizophrenia."
Imaging the impossible: an fMRI study of impossible causal relationships in magic tricks.
Multiple neural networks supporting a semantic task: an fMRI study using independent component analysis.
Neural basis of interaction between target presence and display homogeneity in visual search: an fMRI study.
Laser-evoked potential P2 single-trial amplitudes covary with the fMRI BOLD response in the medial pain system and interconnected subcortical structures.
Neural correlates of semantic ambiguity processing during context verification.
"Commonalities in the neural mechanisms underlying automatic attentional shifts by gaze, gestures, and symbols."
Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious: how the brain learns words never heard before.
Anticipation of monetary and social reward differently activates mesolimbic brain structures in men and women.
Cortico-limbic response to personally challenging emotional stimuli after complete recovery from depression.
Neural correlates of episodic and semantic memory retrieval in borderline personality disorder: an fMRI study.
Genetically determined interaction between the dopamine transporter and the D2 receptor on prefronto-striatal activity and volume in humans.
From phonemes to articulatory codes: an fMRI study of the role of Broca's area in speech production.
The somatotopy of speech: phonation and articulation in the human motor cortex.
Reduced language lateralization in first-episode schizophrenia: an fMRI index of  functional asymmetry.
Neural mechanism of intertemporal choice: from discounting future gains to future losses.
Re-evaluating dorsolateral prefrontal cortex activation during working memory in  schizophrenia.
Co-localization of stroop and syntactic ambiguity resolution in Broca's area: implications for the neural basis of sentence processing.
"Context conditioning and extinction in humans: differential contribution of the hippocampus, amygdala and prefrontal cortex."
Differences in feedback- and inhibition-related neural activity in adult ADHD.
Natural facial motion enhances cortical responses to faces.
Neural activity associated with the passive prediction of ambiguity and risk for  aversive events.
Following one's heart: cardiac rhythms gate central initiation of sympathetic reflexes.
The resting brain: unconstrained yet reliable.
Altered resting state in diabetic neuropathic pain.
Congenitally altered motor experience alters somatotopic organization of human primary motor cortex.
Exploratory structural equation modeling of resting-state fMRI: applicability of  group models to individual subjects.
The neural architecture of music-evoked autobiographical memories.
Impaired prefrontal cortical function and disrupted adaptive cognitive control in methamphetamine abusers: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Optic flow stimuli in and near the visual field centre: a group FMRI study of motion sensitive regions.
Task-specific codes for face recognition: how they shape the neural representation of features for detection and individuation.
Brain structure links trait creativity to openness to experience.
Semantic domain-specific functional integration for action-related vs. abstract concepts.
A distributed neural system for top-down face processing.
Aging and cortical mechanisms of speech perception in noise.
Meta-analysis of diffusion tensor imaging studies in schizophrenia
Relating structure to function: Heschl's gyrus and acoustic processing.
Distinct memory signatures in the hippocampus: intentional States distinguish match and mismatch enhancement signals.
Perspective-taking as part of narrative comprehension: a functional MRI study.
Short-term adaptation to a simple motor task: a physiological process preserved in multiple sclerosis.
Brain mechanisms associated with background monitoring of the environment for potentially significant sensory events.
Reinforcement learning signal predicts social conformity.
"Role of medial cortical, hippocampal and striatal interactions during cognitive set-shifting."
An investigation of the effects of relative probability of old and new test items on the neural correlates of successful and unsuccessful source memory.
Sex and performance level effects on brain activation during a verbal fluency task: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Body expressions of emotion do not trigger fear contagion in autism spectrum disorder.
The amygdala response to images with impact.
Social conceptual impairments in frontotemporal lobar degeneration with right anterior temporal hypometabolism.
Mood influences supraspinal pain processing separately from attention.
Expectancy and treatment interactions: a dissociation between acupuncture analgesia and expectancy evoked placebo analgesia.
Effects of acute nicotine on brain function in healthy smokers and non-smokers: estimation of inter-individual response heterogeneity.
Predicting judged similarity of natural categories from their neural representations.
Lack of generalizability of sex differences in the fMRI BOLD activity associated  with language processing in adults.
A continuous emotional task activates the left amygdala in healthy volunteers: (18)FDG PET study.
Activation of anterior insula during self-reflection.
An investigation of the relationship between fMRI and ERP source localized measurements of brain activity during face processing.
What motivates repayment? Neural correlates of reciprocity in the Trust Game.
Taxonomic and thematic categories: Neural correlates of categorization in an auditory-to-visual priming task using fMRI.
Interference control during recognition of facial affect enhances the processing  of expression specific properties--an event-related fMRI study.
In search of the depressive self: extended medial prefrontal network during self-referential processing in major depression.
Transitive inference: distinct contributions of rostrolateral prefrontal cortex and the hippocampus.
"Span, CRUNCH, and beyond: working memory capacity and the aging brain."
The neural basis of unconditional love.
Long-term effects of cognitive behavior therapy on brain activation in spider phobia.
Movement-specific repetition suppression in ventral and dorsal premotor cortex during action observation.
"Medial prefrontal cortex 5-HT(2A) density is correlated with amygdala reactivity, response habituation, and functional coupling."
A domain-independent source of cognitive control for task sets: shifting spatial  attention and switching categorization rules.
Common neural substrates support speech and non-speech vocal tract gestures.
Interaural temporal and coherence cues jointly contribute to successful sound movement perception and activation of parietal cortex.
Understanding why patients with schizophrenia do not perceive the hollow-mask illusion using dynamic causal modelling.
Syntactic priming in German-English bilinguals during sentence comprehension.
The processing and representation of fractions within the brain: an fMRI investigation.
Duration matters: dissociating neural correlates of detection and evaluation of social gaze.
Orientation-specific adaptation to mentally generated lines in human visual cortex.
On a basal ganglia role in learning and rehearsing visual-motor associations.
Memory activation in healthy nonagenarians.
"Ichi, Ni, 3, 4: neural representation of kana, kanji, and Arabic numbers in native Japanese speakers."
Genotype-phenotype interactions in primary dystonias revealed by differential changes in brain structure.
Time-variant fMRI activity in the brainstem and higher structures in response to  acupuncture.
Auditory-motor integration during fast repetition: the neuronal correlates of shadowing.
Functional MRI study of memory-related brain regions in patients with depressive  disorder.
When doing nothing is an option: the neural correlates of deciding whether to act or not.
Anterior cingulate dysfunction during choice anticipation in schizophrenia
An fMRI study of visual attention and sensorimotor function before and after antipsychotic treatment in first-episode schizophrenia.
Rapid retinotopic reactivation during spatial memory.
Double dissociation between perspective-taking and empathic-concern as predictors of hemodynamic response to another's mistakes.
Brain activation during anticipation of sound sequences.
Highly religious participants recruit areas of social cognition in personal prayer.
Noradrenergic enhancement of amygdala responses to fear.
Neural mechanisms of grief regulation.
Cortical network functional connectivity in the descent to sleep.
fMRI-activation patterns in the detection of concealed information rely on memory-related effects.
White matter abnormalities in schizophrenia patients with tardive dyskinesia: a diffusion tensor image study.
Altered frontal-parietal functioning during verbal working memory in children and adolescents with heavy prenatal alcohol exposure.
Prior MDMA (Ecstasy) use is associated with increased basal ganglia-thalamocortical circuit activation during motor task performance in humans: an fMRI study.
Signal quality of simultaneously recorded invasive and non-invasive EEG.
Cognitive and neural foundations of religious belief.
Functional connectivity during a social emotion task in adolescents and in adults.
The architecture of the golfer's brain.
The effects of rehearsal on the functional neuroanatomy of episodic autobiographical and semantic remembering: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Temporal order judgments activate temporal parietal junction.
Dissecting medial temporal lobe contributions to item and associative memory formation.
Left posterior parietal cortex participates in both task preparation and episodic retrieval.
Visual features of an observed agent do not modulate human brain activity during  action observation.
Functional and effective connectivity of visuomotor control systems demonstrated  using generalized partial least squares and structural equation modeling.
Cortical mapping of naming errors in aphasia.
Neural signatures of semantic and phonemic fluency in young and old adults.
Neural systems underlying lexical competition: an eye tracking and fMRI study.
The neural basis for simulated drawing and the semantic implications.
Prefrontal and medial temporal contributions to episodic memory-based reasoning.
Converging evidence for abnormalities of the prefrontal cortex and evaluation of  midsagittal structures in pediatric posttraumatic stress disorder: an MRI study.
Exploring the motivational brain: effects of implicit power motivation on brain activation in response to facial expressions of emotion.
Ventral and dorsal pathways for language.
Gray matter abnormalities in patients with premenstrual dysphoric disorder: an optimized voxel-based morphometry.
To retrieve or to calculate? Left angular gyrus mediates the retrieval of arithmetic facts during problem solving.
Regional homogeneity in depression and its relationship with separate depressive  symptom clusters: a resting-state fMRI study.
Neurophysiology of swallowing: effects of age and bolus type.
The separation of processing stages in a lexical interference fMRI-paradigm.
Age-associated reduction of asymmetry in prefrontal function and preservation of  conceptual repetition priming.
Brain mechanisms of persuasion: how 'expert power' modulates memory and attitudes.
Self-identification and empathy modulate error-related brain activity during the  observation of penalty shots between friend and foe.
Do you make a difference? Social context in a betting task.
The role of the amygdala in implicit evaluation of emotionally neutral faces.
Template based rotation: A method for functional connectivity analysis with a priori templates.
Monitoring effects of acute hypoxia on brain cortical activity by using electromagnetic tomography.
Age-related differences in neural activities during risk taking as revealed by functional MRI.
Individual differences in moral judgment competence influence neural correlates of socio-normative judgments.
"Acute Effects of Sceletium tortuosum (Zembrin), a Dual 5-HT Reuptake and PDE4 Inhibitor, in the Human Amygdala and its Connection to the Hypothalamus"
The left amygdala knows fear: laterality in the amygdala response to fearful eyes.
Cognitive influences on the affective representation of touch and the sight of touch in the human brain.
Evaluating face trustworthiness: a model based approach.
Abnormal cerebral effective connectivity during explicit emotional processing in  adults with autism spectrum disorder.
Mentalizing about emotion and its relationship to empathy.
The self across the senses: an fMRI study of self-face and self-voice recognition.
The human amygdala is sensitive to the valence of pictures and sounds irrespective of arousal: an fMRI study.
Cortical plasticity of audio-visual object representations.
The neural development of an abstract concept of number.
"Age-related changes in neural activity associated with familiarity, recollection  and false recognition."
Binge-eating disorder: reward sensitivity and brain activation to images of food.
Neuroanatomical correlates of neurological soft signs in antipsychotic-naive schizophrenia.
Differential effects of tryptophan depletion on emotion processing according to face direction.
When the Brain Takes ‘BOLD’ Steps: Real-Time fMRI Neurofeedback Can Further Enhance the Ability to Gradually Self-regulate Regional Brain Activation
Effects of fluctuating physiological rhythms during prolonged EEG-fMRI studies.
The sensory-motor specificity of taxonomic and thematic conceptual relations: a behavioral and fMRI study.
"Mirror neurons, the representation of word meaning, and the foot of the third left frontal convolution."
Dissociating nociceptive modulation by the duration of pain anticipation from unpredictability in the timing of pain.
Medial prefrontal activity differentiates self from close others.
Medial prefrontal dissociations during processing of trait diagnostic and nondiagnostic person information.
Learning fears by observing others: the neural systems of social fear transmission.
Neural basis of stereotype-induced shifts in women's mental rotation performance.
Social groups that elicit disgust are differentially processed in mPFC.
Social interaction modifies neural response to gaze shifts.
Anterior insula reactivity during certain decisions is associated with neuroticism.
Emotional modulation of body-selective visual areas.
Anxiety predicts a differential neural response to attended and unattended facial signals of anger and fear.
Age-related differences in brain activity underlying identification of emotional  expressions in faces.
Detecting agency from the biological motion of veridical vs animated agents.
Anthropomorphism influences perception of computer-animated characters' actions.
Distinct regions of medial rostral prefrontal cortex supporting social and nonsocial functions.
Sex differences in neural activation to facial expressions denoting contempt and  disgust.
Developmental dyslexia and widespread activation across the cerebellar hemispheres.
MTHFR 677C --> T genotype disrupts prefrontal function in schizophrenia through an interaction with COMT 158Val --> Met.
Emotional and neutral declarative memory impairments and associated white matter microstructural abnormalities in adults with type 2 diabetes.
Attentional control during the transient updating of cue information.
A parametric relief signal in human ventrolateral prefrontal cortex.
Neural representations of social status hierarchy in human inferior parietal cortex.
Neural correlates of acoustic reasoning.
The neural basis of object-context relationships on aesthetic judgment.
Interactions of cognitive reserve with regional brain anatomy and brain function  during a working memory task in healthy elders.
Parietal modules for reaching.
Specific role of medial prefrontal cortex in retrieving recent autobiographical memories: an fMRI study of young female subjects.
Limitations to plasticity of language network reorganization in localization related epilepsy.
The neural substrates of verum acupuncture compared to non-penetrating placebo needle: an fMRI study.
Separate neural processes for retrieval of voice identity and word content in working memory.
Functional connectivity of the inferior frontal cortex changes with age in children with autism spectrum disorders: a fcMRI study of response inhibition.
Grasping ideas with the motor system: semantic somatotopy in idiom comprehension.
Hypo-retrieval and hyper-suppression mechanisms in functional amnesia.
Widespread fMRI activity differences between perceptual states in visual rivalry  are correlated with differences in observer biases.
"Performance effects of nicotine during selective attention, divided attention, and simple stimulus detection: an fMRI study."
Physical Exercise Keeps the Brain Connected: Biking Increases White Matter Integrity in Patients With Schizophrenia and Healthy Controls.
Increased activation of the left hippocampus region in Complex PTSD during encoding and recognition of emotional words: a pilot study.
Multimodal motion processing in area V5/MT: evidence from an artificial class of  audio-visual events.
Dissociable neural effects of stimulus valence and preceding context during the inhibition of responses to emotional faces.
Distinct striatal regions for planning and executing novel and automated movement sequences.
Attention enhances the neural processing of relevant features and suppresses the  processing of irrelevant features in humans: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study of the Stroop task.
Recovery from hemineglect: differential neurobiological effects of optokinetic stimulation and alertness training.
Reduced fronto-temporal connectivity is associated with frontal gray matter density reduction and neuropsychological deficit in schizophrenia.
Domain-specific reorganization of semantic processing after extensive damage to the left temporal lobe.
Dissociating verbal and nonverbal audiovisual object processing.
Reduced gray matter volume in ventral prefrontal cortex but not amygdala in bipolar disorder: significant effects of gender and trait anxiety.
Differential activation of face memory encoding tasks in alcohol-dependent patients compared to healthy subjects: an fMRI study.
Sleep variability in adolescence is associated with altered brain development
Connectivity and signal intensity in the parieto-occipital cortex predicts top-down attentional effect in visual masking: an fMRI study based on individual  differences.
The extreme capsule in humans and rethinking of the language circuitry.
Discrete parieto-frontal functional connectivity related to grasping.
Explaining function with anatomy: language lateralization and corpus callosum size.
Neural differences in the processing of true and false sentences: insights into the nature of 'truth' in language comprehension.
Coping with emotions past: the neural bases of regulating affect associated with  negative autobiographical memories.
The neural basis of surface dyslexia in semantic dementia.
The role of the right anterior insular cortex in the right hemisphere preponderance of stimulus-preceding negativity (SPN): an fMRI study.
Neural correlates of temporal context retrieval for abstract scrambled phrases: Reducing narrative and familiarity-based strategies.
Differential activation of the anterior cingulate cortex and caudate nucleus during a gambling simulation in persons with a family history of alcoholism: studies from the Oklahoma Family Health Patter
Experimental Placebo Analgesia Changes Resting-State Alpha Oscillations 
Conflict-related activity in the caudal anterior cingulate cortex in the absence  of awareness.
Lion - tiger - stripes: Neural correlates of indirect semantic priming across processing modalities.
Flexible transfer of knowledge in mental arithmetic--an fMRI study.
Developmental changes in category-specific brain responses to numbers and letters in a working memory task.
Neuropathic pain and primary somatosensory cortex reorganization following spinal cord injury.
The role of the posterior parietal cortex in drawing by copying.
Reduced heat pain thresholds after sad-mood induction are associated with changes in thalamic activity.
Abnormal functional connectivity of hippocampus during episodic memory retrieval  processing network in amnestic mild cognitive impairment.
"Hunger is the best spice: an fMRI study of the effects of attention, hunger and calorie content on food reward processing in the amygdala and orbitofrontal cortex."
A neural mechanism underlying memory failure in older adults.
A functional magnetic resonance imaging study on the neural mechanisms of hyperalgesic nocebo effect.
Ventrolateral prefrontal cortex and self-initiated semantic elaboration during memory retrieval.
Interaction between process and content in semantic memory: an fMRI study of noun feature knowledge.
Listening to rhythms activates motor and premotor cortices.
Association of the SerCys DISC1 polymorphism with human hippocampal formation gray matter and function during memory encoding.
Neural substrates of incongruity-resolution and nonsense humor.
Walk-related mimic word activates the extrastriate visual cortex in the human brain: an fMRI study.
The representation of abstract task rules in the human prefrontal cortex.
Neural dynamics of learning sound-action associations.
Dissociable prototype learning systems: evidence from brain imaging and behavior.
The cortical dynamics of intelligible speech.
Encoding of spectral correlation over time in auditory cortex.
Two cortical mechanisms support the integration of visual and auditory speech: a  hypothesis and preliminary data.
Investigating the benefits of multi-echo EPI for fMRI at 7 T.
Neural evidence of a role for spatial response selection in the learning of spatial sequences.
Decision-related loss: regret and disappointment.
Single-trial P3 amplitude and latency informed event-related fMRI models yield different BOLD response patterns to a target detection task.
High-frequency heart rate variability and cortico-striatal activity in men and women with social phobia.
Leaving a bad taste in your mouth but not in my insula.
Entorhinal cortex structure and functional MRI response during an associative verbal memory task.
Feeling the beat: premotor and striatal interactions in musicians and nonmusicians during beat perception.
Guanfacine potentiates the activation of prefrontal cortex evoked by warning signals.
Tool responsive regions in the posterior parietal cortex: effect of differences in motor goal and target object during imagined transitive movements.
Placebo conditioning and placebo analgesia modulate a common brain network during pain anticipation and perception.
Changes in cerebral activations during movement execution and imagery after parietal cortex TMS interleaved with 3T MRI.
A role for right ventrolateral prefrontal cortex in reasoning about indeterminate relations.
Evidence of a modality-dependent role of the cerebellum in working memory? An fMRI study comparing verbal and abstract n-back tasks.
Joint independent component analysis of structural and functional images reveals  complex patterns of functional reorganisation in stroke aphasia.
Internally generated and directly cued task sets: an investigation with fMRI
Age-related differences in the neural substrates of cross-modal olfactory recognition memory: an fMRI investigation.
Neural bases of goal-directed implicit learning.
Encoding and retrieving faces and places: distinguishing process- and stimulus-specific differences in brain activity.
Transition from rest to movement: brain correlates revealed by functional connectivity.
Neural correlates of observing pretend play in which one object is represented as another.
The effect of lexical priming on sentence comprehension: an fMRI study.
Resting-state BOLD networks versus task-associated functional MRI for distinguishing Alzheimer's disease risk groups.
The effects of tryptophan depletion on neural responses to emotional words in remitted depression.
Gaze-related mimic word activates the frontal eye field and related network in the human brain: an fMRI study.
Cerebral correlates of analogical processing and their modulation by training.
Neural correlates of processing situational relationships between a part and the  whole: an fMRI study.
An fMRI study of the Tower of London: a look at problem structure differences.
Prefrontal organization of cognitive control according to levels of abstraction.
Background MR gradient noise and non-auditory BOLD activations: a data-driven perspective.
Evaluation of the effective connectivity of supplementary motor areas during motor imagery using Granger causality mapping.
Anterior cingulate cortex hypoactivations to an emotionally salient task in cocaine addiction.
Unstable prefrontal response to emotional conflict and activation of lower limbic structures and brainstem in remitted panic disorder.
Changes of functional connectivity of the motor network in the resting state in Parkinson's disease.
Vulnerability to simple faints is predicted by regional differences in brain anatomy.
Different categories of living and non-living sound-sources activate distinct cortical networks.
"Brain mediators of cardiovascular responses to social threat, part II: Prefrontal-subcortical pathways and relationship with anxiety."
Brain mediators of cardiovascular responses to social threat: part I: Reciprocal  dorsal and ventral sub-regions of the medial prefrontal cortex and heart-rate reactivity.
Innocent intentions: a correlation between forgiveness for accidental harm and neural activity.
Attentional control of task and response in lateral and medial frontal cortex: brain activity and reaction time distributions.
Enhanced activation of the left inferior frontal gyrus in deaf and dyslexic adults during rhyming.
White matter integrity in the vicinity of Broca's area predicts grammar learning  success.
The impact of second language learning on semantic and nonsemantic first language reading.
Mentalizing under uncertainty: dissociated neural responses to ambiguous and unambiguous mental state inferences.
When grief heats up: pro-inflammatory cytokines predict regional brain activation.
The neural basis of theory of mind and its relationship to social functioning and social anhedonia in individuals with schizophrenia☆
Neural network of speech monitoring overlaps with overt speech production and comprehension networks: a sequential spatial and temporal ICA study.
Reducing inter-subject anatomical variation: effect of normalization method on sensitivity of functional magnetic resonance imaging data analysis in auditory cortex and the superior temporal region.
Influence of SLC6A3 and COMT variation on neural activation during response inhibition.
Spontaneous brain activity in the default mode network is sensitive to different  resting-state conditions with limited cognitive load.
L-dopa modulates functional connectivity in striatal cognitive and motor networks: a double-blind placebo-controlled study.
Genetic variation in schizophrenia-risk-gene dysbindin 1 modulates brain activation in anterior cingulate cortex and right temporal gyrus during language  production in healthy individuals.
Emotions in motion: dynamic compared to static facial expressions of disgust and  happiness reveal more widespread emotion-specific activations.
Common and specific brain regions in high- versus low-confidence recognition memory.
An fMRI study on the interaction and dissociation between expectation of pain relief and acupuncture treatment.
Traditional Chinese acupuncture and placebo (sham) acupuncture are differentiated by their effects on mu-opioid receptors (MORs).
Neural basis of interpersonal traits in neurodegenerative diseases.
Dysfunctional neural network of spatial working memory contributes to developmental dyscalculia.
Sensitivity of the action observation network to physical and observational learning.
Eyes wide shut: amygdala mediates eyes-closed effect on emotional experience with music.
L-dopa medication in Parkinson's disease restores activity in the motor cortico-striatal loop but does not modify the cognitive network.
"Neural correlates of metaphor processing: the roles of figurativeness, familiarity and difficulty."
Domain general mechanisms of perceptual decision making in human cortex.
Congruence of BOLD response across intertemporal choice conditions: fictive and real money gains and losses.
Rostral anterior cingulate cortex activity mediates the relationship between the  depressive symptoms and the medial prefrontal cortex activity.
Absolute pitch--functional evidence of speech-relevant auditory acuity.
Segregated fronto-cerebellar circuits revealed by intrinsic functional connectivity.
Detecting directional influence in fMRI connectivity analysis using PCA based Granger causality.
Similar and dissociable mechanisms for attention to internal versus external information.
From specificity to sensitivity: how acute stress affects amygdala processing of  biologically salient stimuli.
Abnormal white matter independent of hippocampal atrophy in amnestic type mild cognitive impairment.
Metaanalytic connectivity modeling: delineating the functional connectivity of the human amygdala.
Time course and functional neuroanatomy of speech segmentation in adults.
Neural correlates of evaluative compared with passive tasting.
The effect of sublexical and lexical frequency on speech production: An fMRI investigation.
Cognitive performance is related to cortical grey matter volumes in early stages  of schizophrenia: a population-based study of first-episode psychosis.
Gray matter abnormalities in subjects at ultra-high risk for schizophrenia and first-episode schizophrenic patients compared to healthy controls.
Modulation of perception and brain activity by predictable trajectories of facial expressions.
The role of inferior frontal gyrus and inferior parietal lobule in semantic processing of Chinese characters.
The neural basis of sustained and transient attentional control in young adults with ADHD.
FMRI adaptation during performance of learned arbitrary visuomotor conditional associations.
White matter defects in first episode psychosis patients: a voxelwise analysis of diffusion tensor imaging.
Dynamic Causal Modeling applied to fMRI data shows high reliability.
"Medial cortex activity, self-reflection and depression."
Sex-dependent age modulation of frontostriatal and temporo-parietal activation during cognitive control.
Age-related cognitive gains are mediated by the effects of white matter development on brain network integration.
Altered error-related activity in patients with schizophrenia.
Age-related differences in brain regions supporting successful encoding of emotional faces.
Conflict control during sentence comprehension: fMRI evidence.
Worry tendencies predict brain activation during aversive imagery.
Decoupling of the brain's default mode network during deep sleep.
Induction of empathy by the smell of anxiety.
Sustained activity within the default mode network during an implicit memory task.
Selecting for memory? The influence of selective attention on the mnemonic binding of contextual information.
Auditory orienting and inhibition of return in mild traumatic brain injury: a FMRI study.
The brain under self-control: modulation of inhibitory and monitoring cortical networks during hypnotic paralysis.
Sex-related differences in neural activity during emotion regulation.
Category-specific activations during word generation reflect experiential sensorimotor modalities.
Dorsolateral prefrontal cortex activity predicts responsiveness to cognitive-behavioral therapy in schizophrenia.
Neural substrates of semantic relationships: common and distinct left-frontal activities for generation of synonyms vs. antonyms.
Attentional modulation of stimulus representation in human fronto-parietal cortex.
The influence of context valence in the neural coding of monetary outcomes.
Alterations in neural connectivity in preterm children at school age.
Sexually dimorphic gray matter volume reduction in patients with panic disorder.
Mapping the pathways of information processing from sensation to action in four distinct sensorimotor tasks.
Functional and anatomical connectivity abnormalities in left inferior frontal gyrus in schizophrenia.
IQ-related fMRI differences during cognitive set shifting.
Auditory selective attention to speech modulates activity in the visual word form area.
Double dissociation between action-driven and perception-driven conflict resolution invoking anterior versus posterior brain systems.
Auditory attentional control and selection during cocktail party listening.
Autism is characterized by dorsal anterior cingulate hyperactivation during social target detection.
Individual Differences in Risk Preference Predict Neural Responses during Financial Decision-Making
Negative BOLD effect on somato-motor inhibitory processing: an fMRI study.
"Reduced prefrontal and temporal processing and recall of high ""sensation value"" ads."
Evaluating SVM and MLDA in the extraction of discriminant regions for mental state prediction.
The neural bases of distraction and reappraisal.
Impaired attention network in temporal lobe epilepsy: a resting FMRI study.
Brain pathways of verbal working memory: a lesion-function correlation study.
Neural correlates of emotion processing in borderline personality disorder.
An fMRI study of functional abnormalities in the verbal working memory system and the relationship to clinical symptoms in chronic schizophrenia.
Activation of the left inferior frontal gyrus in the first 200 ms of reading: evidence from magnetoencephalography (MEG).
"Attention, intention, and strategy in preparatory control."
Evidence for long-range feedback in target detection: Detection of semantic targets modulates activity in early visual areas.
Distinguishing the processing of gestures from signs in deaf individuals: an fMRI study.
Using co-variations in the Hb signal to detect visual activation: a near infrared spectroscopic imaging study.
Functional connectivity reveals inefficient working memory systems in post-traumatic stress disorder.
Emotion regulation in spider phobia: role of the medial prefrontal cortex.
The role of right and left parietal lobes in the conceptual processing of numbers.
Spatial attention evokes similar activation patterns for visual and auditory stimuli.
Decreased connectivity and cerebellar activity in autism during motor task performance.
Brain activation abnormalities during speech and non-speech in stuttering speakers.
Cortical activity during manual response inhibition guided by color and orientation cues.
Acute psychological stress reduces working memory-related activity in the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex.
Cognitive conflict and inhibition in primed dichotic listening.
Functional heterogeneity of inferior parietal cortex during mathematical cognition assessed with cytoarchitectonic probability maps.
Abnormalities of intrinsic functional connectivity in autism spectrum disorders.
Neural bases of behavior selection without an objective correct answer.
Neural basis of attributional style in schizophrenia.
Evidence of dysfunctional pain inhibition in Fibromyalgia reflected in rACC during provoked pain.
Aberrant functional activation in school age children at-risk for mathematical disability: a functional imaging study of simple arithmetic skill.
Error detection failures in schizophrenia: ERPs and FMRI.
Low- and high-level first-order random-dot kinematograms: evidence from fMRI.
Integrating visual and tactile information in the perirhinal cortex.
Language regions of brain are operative in color perception.
Early implicit contextual change detection in anterior prefrontal cortex.
Tuning down the emotional brain: an fMRI study of the effects of cognitive load on the processing of affective images.
Parcellation of left parietal tool representations by functional connectivity.
Hyperstimulation of striatal D2 receptors with sleep deprivation: Implications for cognitive impairment.
BOLD signal in intraparietal sulcus covaries with magnitude of implicitly driven  attention shifts.
Local pattern classification differentiates processes of economic valuation.
Neural systems of visual attention responding to emotional gestures.
Dorsolateral and dorsomedial prefrontal gray matter density changes associated with bipolar depression.
Interaction of stimulus-driven reorienting and expectation in ventral and dorsal  frontoparietal and basal ganglia-cortical networks.
The effect of meditation on brain structure: cortical thickness mapping and diffusion tensor imaging.
On the selection of words and oral motor responses: evidence of a response-independent fronto-parietal network.
Neural correlates of word production stages delineated by parametric modulation of psycholinguistic variables.
Neuroanatomical correlates of visual field bias: a sensitive system for detecting potential threats?
Neural activities underlying environmental and personal risk identification tasks.
Right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex is engaged during post-retrieval processing  of both episodic and semantic information.
Object naming and action-verb generation in Parkinson's disease: a fMRI study.
Functional compensation of motor function in pre-symptomatic Huntington's disease.
Control of bladder sensations: an fMRI study of brain activity and effective connectivity.
Two different faces of threat. Comparing the neural systems for recognizing fear  and anger in dynamic body expressions.
Offset analgesia is mediated by activation in the region of the periaqueductal grey and rostral ventromedial medulla.
Neural correlates of narrative shifts during auditory story comprehension.
Gender differences in the functional and structural neuroanatomy of mathematical  cognition.
An fMRI study of cytokine-induced depressed mood and social pain: the role of sex differences.
Neural bases of individual differences in beat perception.
Neural substrates of letter fluency processing in young adults who were born very preterm: alterations in frontal and striatal regions.
Neural substrates of visual paired associates in young adults with a history of very preterm birth: alterations in fronto-parieto-occipital networks and caudate  nucleus.
The neural representation of extensively trained ordered sequences.
"Neural correlates of ""analytical-specific visual perception"" and degree of task difficulty as investigated by the Mangina-Test: a functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) study in young healthy ad"
Prefrontal-temporal gray matter deficits in bipolar disorder patients with persecutory delusions.
Left premotor cortex and allophonic speech perception in dyslexia: a PET study.
Effects of model-based physiological noise correction on default mode network anti-correlations and correlations.
Reading for meaning in dyslexic and young children: distinct neural pathways but  common endpoints.
Neural correlates of idiographic goal priming in depression: goal-specific dysfunctions in the orbitofrontal cortex.
Experience sampling during fMRI reveals default network and executive system contributions to mind wandering.
Functional neuroanatomy of mirroring during a unimanual force generation task.
Evidence for an anterior-posterior differentiation in the human hippocampal formation revealed by meta-analytic parcellation of fMRI coordinate maps: focus on the subiculum.
Speech recognition in younger and older adults: a dependency on low-level auditory cortex.
Reduced brain activation in euthymic bipolar patients during response inhibition: an event-related fMRI study.
Memory performance correlates with gray matter density in the ento-/perirhinal cortex and posterior hippocampus in patients with mild cognitive impairment and healthy controls--a voxel based morphomet
Age-related differences of saccade induced cortical activation.
Age-related neural changes during memory conjunction errors.
Getting mixed messages: the impact of conflicting social signals on the brain's target emotional response.
Psychopathy and functional magnetic resonance imaging blood oxygenation level-dependent responses to emotional faces in violent patients with schizophrenia.
"Interacting outcome retrieval, anticipation, and feedback processes in the human  brain."
The inversion effect in visual word form processing.
Medial temporal lobe activity for recognition of recent and remote famous names: an event-related fMRI study
Changes in brain function and morphology in patients with recurring herpes simplex virus infections and chronic pain.
Alterations in functional activation in euthymic bipolar disorder and schizophrenia during a working memory task.
Modulation of spontaneous breathing via limbic/paralimbic-bulbar circuitry: an event-related fMRI study.
Motor inhibition in hysterical conversion paralysis.
Baby schema modulates the brain reward system in nulliparous women.
"Made you look! Consciously perceived, irrelevant instructional cues can hijack the attentional network."
"Dissociating the solution processes of small, large, and zero multiplications by  means of fMRI."
The neural basis of overall similarity and single-dimension sorting.
Temporal summation of trigeminal pain in human anterior cingulate cortex.
Age-related changes in brain activation associated with dimensional shifts of attention: an fMRI study.
Neural signatures of stimulus features in visual working memory--a spatiotemporal approach.
Neural correlates of regulation of positive and negative emotions: an fmri study.
Basal ganglia contribution to the initiation of corrective submovements.
Visuo-motor integration in humans: cortical patterns of response lateralisation and functional connectivity.
Inflammation causes mood changes through alterations in subgenual cingulate activity and mesolimbic connectivity.
Impact of serotonin transporter gene polymorphism on brain activation by colorectal distention.
BOLD signal in insula is differentially related to cardiac function during compassion meditation in experts vs. novices.
The neural basis of cognitive control: response selection and inhibition.
Acupuncture modulates spontaneous activities in the anticorrelated resting brain  networks.
Strategies for longitudinal neuroimaging studies of overt language production.
Cerebral control of the lower urinary tract: how age-related changes might predispose to urge incontinence.
Regulation of natural killer cell redistribution by prefrontal cortex during stochastic learning.
Changes in prefrontal and amygdala activity during olanzapine treatment in schizophrenia.
Neural adaptation for novel objects during dynamic articulation.
Effects of advanced aging on the neural correlates of successful recognition memory.
fMRI effects of task demand and feedback accuracy on grip force tracking.
A left amygdala mediated network for rapid orienting to masked fearful faces.
Brain activation during immediate and delayed reaching in optic ataxia.
A failure to grasp the affective meaning of actions in autism spectrum disorder subjects.
Reading disorders in primary progressive aphasia: a behavioral and neuroimaging study.
Opaque for the reader but transparent for the brain: neural signatures of morphological complexity.
A novel technique for examining human brain activity associated with pedaling using fMRI.
"Cerebral grey, white matter and csf in never-medicated, first-episode schizophrenia"
"Temporal pole activity during perception of sad faces, but not happy faces, correlates with neuroticism trait."
Intrinsically organized network for face perception during the resting state.
Evidence for glutamatergic neurotransmission in cognitive control in an auditory  attention task.
A symbol digit modalities test version suitable for functional MRI studies.
Audiovisual integration in human superior temporal sulcus: Inverse effectiveness  and the neural processing of speech and object recognition.
Enhancing response inhibition by incentive: comparison of adolescents with and without substance use disorder.
Brains of anorexia nervosa patients process self-images differently from non-self-images: an fMRI study.
Delay-related cerebral activity and motor preparation.
Switching between colors and shapes on the basis of positive and negative feedback: an fMRI and EEG study on feedback-based learning.
Connectivity modulation of early visual processing areas during covert and overt  tracking tasks.
A structural-functional basis for dyslexia in the cortex of Chinese readers.
fMRI evidence for sensorimotor transformations in human cortex during smooth pursuit eye movements.
Brain activation in discourse comprehension: a 3t fMRI study.
Is retaining the youthful functional anatomy underlying speed of information processing a signature of successful cognitive ageing? An event-related fMRI study of inspection time performance.
Longitudinal studies of semantic dementia: the relationship between structural and functional changes over time.
Motor speech perception modulates the cortical language areas.
"Activity in face-responsive brain regions is modulated by invisible, attended faces: evidence from masked priming."
Medial temporal lobe involvement in an implicit memory task: evidence of collaborating implicit and explicit memory systems from FMRI and Alzheimer's disease.
Effects of chewing in working memory processing.
How verbal and spatial manipulation networks contribute to calculation: an fMRI study.
Acquisition of a new bimanual coordination pattern modulates the cerebral activations elicited by an intrinsic pattern: an fMRI study.
The neural correlates of change detection in the face perception network.
A cross-modal system linking primary auditory and visual cortices: evidence from  intrinsic fMRI connectivity analysis.
Widespread reward-system activation in obese women in response to pictures of high-calorie foods.
Developmental changes in brain regions involved in phonological and orthographic  processing during spoken language processing.
Hemispheric asymmetry of frequency-dependent suppression in the ipsilateral primary motor cortex during finger movement: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Nicotine-induced nystagmus correlates with midpontine activation.
Differential superior prefrontal activity on initial versus subsequent shifts in  naive subjects.
Generation of novel motor sequences: the neural correlates of musical improvisation.
Static and dynamic characteristics of cerebral blood flow during the resting state in schizophrenia.
Differences in effective connectivity between dyslexic children and normal readers during a pseudoword reading task: an fMRI study.
Variability of BOLD response evoked by foot vibrotactile stimulation: influence of vibration amplitude and stimulus waveform.
Motor imagery: a window into the mechanisms and alterations of the motor system.
Task-dependent and task-independent neurovascular responses to syntactic processing.
The neural substrate of gesture recognition.
"Motor planning, imagery, and execution in the distributed motor network: a time-course study with functional MRI."
Memory retrieval and the parietal cortex: a review of evidence from a dual-process perspective.
Neural substrates of spontaneous narrative production in focal neurodegenerative disease.
"A bilateral cortico-bulbar network associated with breath holding in humans, determined by functional magnetic resonance imaging."
The neurophysiological bases of emotion: An fMRI study of the affective circumplex using emotion-denoting words.
Altered deactivation in individuals with genetic risk for Alzheimer's disease.
Guided saccades modulate face- and body-sensitive activation in the occipitotemporal cortex during social perception.
A novel MR-compatible device for providing forces to the human finger during functional neuroimaging studies.
Gaze influences finger movement-related and visual-related activation across the  human brain.
A decrease in brain activation associated with driving when listening to someone  speak.
Modulation of the neural network involved in the processing of anger prosody: the role of task-relevance and social phobia.
Hippocampal dysfunction during free word association in male patients with schizophrenia.
Abstinent adolescent marijuana users show altered fMRI response during spatial working memory.
Regulation of the neural circuitry of emotion by compassion meditation: effects of meditative expertise.
Distinct cortical anatomy linked to subregions of the medial temporal lobe revealed by intrinsic functional connectivity.
Abnormal neural activity in the patients with remitted geriatric depression: a resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
"Neural correlates of true memory, false memory, and deception."
Right temporopolar activation associated with unique perception.
Epistasis between dopamine regulating genes identifies a nonlinear response of the human hippocampus during memory tasks.
Role of anterior cingulate cortex during semantic coding in verbal working memory.
Repetition suppression in occipital-temporal visual areas is modulated by physical rather than semantic features of objects.
Transient and linearly graded deactivation of the human default-mode network by a visual detection task.
Role of amygdala connectivity in the persistence of emotional memories over time: an event-related FMRI investigation.
Effects of feature-selective attention on auditory pattern and location processing.
Imagery or meaning? Evidence for a semantic origin of category-specific brain activity in metabolic imaging.
Assimilation and accommodation patterns in ventral occipitotemporal cortex in learning a second writing system.
Working memory for social cues recruits orbitofrontal cortex and amygdala: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study of delayed matching to sample for emotional expressions.
Cooperation and deception recruit different subsets of the theory-of-mind network.
Brain activation in response to bladder filling and simultaneous stimulation of the dorsal clitoral nerve--an fMRI study in healthy women.
The neural basis of belief encoding and integration in moral judgment.
Neuronal correlates of symptom formation in functional somatic syndromes: a fMRI  study.
Dynamic intra- and interhemispheric interactions during unilateral and bilateral  hand movements assessed with fMRI and DCM.
Segregating intra-amygdalar responses to dynamic facial emotion with cytoarchitectonic maximum probability maps.
Longitudinal fMRI study of reading in a patient with letter-by-letter reading.
Anomalous hypothalamic responses to humor in cataplexy.
Poor supplementary motor area activation differentiates auditory verbal hallucination from imagining the hallucination☆
Modifying the brain activation of poor readers during sentence comprehension with extended remedial instruction: a longitudinal study of neuroplasticity.
Behavioral correlates of negative BOLD signal changes in the primary somatosensory cortex.
A regulation role of the prefrontal cortex in the fist-edge-palm task: evidence from functional connectivity analysis.
Oxytocin shapes the neural circuitry of trust and trust adaptation in humans.
The impact of functional connectivity changes on support vector machines mapping  of fMRI data.
Nicotine abstinence-induced cerebral blood flow changes by genotype.
Neural substrates of narrative comprehension and memory.
Brain activation upon selective stimulation of cutaneous C- and Adelta-fibers.
The strength of gradually accruing probabilistic evidence modulates brain activity during a categorical decision.
Dose-dependent effect of the Val66Met polymorphism of the brain-derived neurotrophic factor gene on memory-related hippocampal activity.
Structural and functional connectivity of the subthalamic nucleus during vocal emotion decoding.
Virtual needle pain stimuli activates cortical representation of emotions in normal volunteers.
Resting states affect spontaneous BOLD oscillations in sensory and paralimbic cortex.
Brain networks for integrative rhythm formation.
Sleep deprivation alters functioning within the neural network underlying the covert orienting of attention.
"Time-course of ""off-line"" prefrontal rTMS effects--a PET study."
Self-paced movements induce high-frequency gamma oscillations in primary motor cortex.
Automatic processing of semantic relations in fMRI: neural activation during semantic priming of taxonomic and thematic categories.
Intrinsic correlations of electroencephalography rhythms with cerebral hemodynamics during sleep transitions.
Item-specific and generalization effects on brain activation when learning Chinese characters.
Gender-specific strategy use and neural correlates in a spatial perspective taking task.
"Self, mother and abstract other: an fMRI study of reflective social processing."
Subcortical processes of motor response inhibition during a stop signal task.
Brain spontaneous functional connectivity and intelligence.
Processing of social and monetary rewards in the human striatum.
Ventromedial prefrontal cortex processing during emotional evaluation in late-life depression: a longitudinal functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Feedback signals in the caudate reflect goal achievement on a declarative memory  task.
"The impact of sex, puberty, and hormones on white matter microstructure in adolescents."
Enhanced processing of threat stimuli under limited attentional resources.
Neural mechanisms involved in mental imagery and observation of gait.
Prefrontal mechanisms for executive control over emotional distraction are altered in major depression.
Orbitofrontal and hippocampal contributions to memory for face-name associations: the rewarding power of a smile.
Effects of aging on functional connectivity of the amygdala during negative evaluation: a network analysis of fMRI data.
Neural substrates of cognitive skill learning in Parkinson's disease.
The brain's orienting response: An event-related functional magnetic resonance imaging investigation.
Impairment of attentional networks after 1 night of sleep deprivation.
Involvement of insula and cingulate cortices in control and suppression of natural urges.
"Working memory retrieval: contributions of the left prefrontal cortex, the left posterior parietal cortex, and the hippocampus."
The bimodal bilingual brain: effects of sign language experience.
Age-related reduction in the differential pathways involved in internal and external movement generation.
On the functional neuroanatomy of visual word processing: effects of case and letter deviance.
In the eye of the beholder: individual differences in perceived social isolation  predict regional brain activation to social stimuli.
Divided versus selective attention: evidence for common processing mechanisms.
White matter integrity and lack of insight in schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorder.
An event-related fMRI study on risk taking by healthy individuals of high or low  impulsiveness.
Visual Motion Area MT+/V5 Responds to Auditory Motion in Human Sight-Recovery Subjects.
Default-mode function and task-induced deactivation have overlapping brain substrates in children.
Classification images reveal the information sensitivity of brain voxels in fMRI.
The neural correlates of the affective response to unreciprocated cooperation.
The influence of response conflict on error processing: evidence from event-related fMRI.
Sensitivity to orthographic familiarity in the occipito-temporal region.
Reading normal and degraded words: contribution of the dorsal and ventral visual  pathways.
Mesmerizing memories: brain substrates of episodic memory suppression in posthypnotic amnesia.
Increased neural response related to neutral faces in individuals at risk for psychosis.
Reduced white matter integrity as a neural correlate of social cognition deficits in schizophrenia.
Profile of memory impairment and gray matter loss in amnestic mild cognitive impairment.
In vivo SPECT imaging of vesicular acetylcholine transporter using [(123)I]-IBVM  in early Alzheimer's disease.
Mesolimbic interaction of emotional valence and reward improves memory formation.
Sensory and cognitive mechanisms of change detection in the context of speech.
Narrative speech production: an fMRI study using continuous arterial spin labeling.
Affective learning modulates spatial competition during low-load attentional conditions.
Novelty and target processing during an auditory novelty oddball: a simultaneous  event-related potential and functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Controlled scanpath variation alters fusiform face activation.
"Functional connectivity of default mode network components: correlation, anticorrelation, and causality."
Persistent default-mode network connectivity during light sedation.
fMRI reveals altered auditory processing in manifest and premanifest Huntington's disease.
Effective brain connectivity in children with reading difficulties during phonological processing.
fMRI evidence for a cortical hierarchy of pitch pattern processing.
A functional variant of the tryptophan hydroxylase 2 gene impacts working memory: a genetic imaging study.
Altered resting-state functional connectivity and anatomical connectivity of hippocampus in schizophrenia.
Neural bases of different cognitive strategies for facial affect processing in schizophrenia.
Neural codes for somatosensory two-point discrimination in inferior parietal lobule: an fMRI study.
A new verbal reports fMRI dichotic listening paradigm for studies of hemispheric  asymmetry.
The interference of operant task performance by emotional distracters: an antagonistic relationship between the amygdala and frontoparietal cortices.
The neural substrates of person comparison--an fMRI study.
Functional developmental similarities and differences in the neural correlates of verbal and nonverbal working memory tasks.
Voluntary and involuntary attention affect face discrimination differently.
Rule-selection and action-selection have a shared neuroanatomical basis in the human prefrontal and parietal cortex.
Functional re-recruitment of dysfunctional brain areas predicts language recovery in chronic aphasia.
"
DRD2/CHRNA5 Interaction on Prefrontal Biology and Physiology during Working Memory"
Aging and the interaction of sensory cortical function and structure.
Intolerance of uncertainty correlates with insula activation during affective ambiguity.
Neural representations of kinematic laws of motion: evidence for action-perception coupling.
Mirroring others' emotions relates to empathy and interpersonal competence in children.
High frequency rTMS modulation of the sensorimotor networks: behavioral changes and fMRI correlates.
Abnormal connections in the supraspinal bladder control network in women with urge urinary incontinence.
What are you feeling? Using functional magnetic resonance imaging to assess the modulation of sensory and affective responses during empathy for pain.
Auditory task presentation reveals predominantly right hemispheric fMRI activation patterns during mental calculation.
Neural systems for executive and emotional processing are modulated by symptoms of posttraumatic stress disorder in Iraq War veterans.
Neural correlates of the processing of co-speech gestures.
Sucrose activates human taste pathways differently from artificial sweetener.
Dissociated pathways for successful memory retrieval from the human parietal cortex: anatomical and functional connectivity analyses.
Dorsal stream development in motion and structure-from-motion perception.
Combined EEG-fMRI and tractography to visualise propagation of epileptic activity.
Prefrontal contributions to domain-general executive control processes during temporal context retrieval.
Automatization and working memory capacity in schizophrenia.
Effect of retrieval effort and switching demand on fMRI activation during semantic word generation in schizophrenia.
A hippocampal-parietal network for learning an ordered sequence.
Is our self based on reward? Self-relatedness recruits neural activity in the reward system.
Reorganization of the cerebro-cerebellar network of language production in patients with congenital left-hemispheric brain lesions.
Using imagination to understand the neural basis of episodic memory.
Neural correlates of envisioning emotional events in the near and far future.
"The roles of ""face"" and ""non-face"" areas during individual face perception: evidence by fMRI adaptation in a brain-damaged prosopagnosic patient."
The effects of aging on the neural correlates of subjective and objective recollection.
Resilience after 9/11: multimodal neuroimaging evidence for stress-related change in the healthy adult brain.
Dissociation between explicit memory and configural memory in the human medial temporal lobe.
The neural correlates of verbal encoding and retrieval in monozygotic twins at low or high risk for depression and anxiety.
An fMRI investigation of memory encoding in PTSD: influence of symptom severity.
Functional coactivation map of the human brain.
When vocal processing gets emotional: on the role of social orientation in relevance detection by the human amygdala.
Neural substrates of spontaneous musical performance: an FMRI study of jazz improvisation.
Increased Resting-State Gamma-Band Connectivity in First-Episode Schizophrenia.
An fMRI analysis of object priming and workload in the precuneus complex.
Speaking of secrets and lies: the contribution of ventrolateral prefrontal cortex to vocal deception.
Semantic adaptation and competition during word comprehension.
A genetic model for understanding higher order visual processing: functional interactions of the ventral visual stream in Williams syndrome.
How music alters a kiss: superior temporal gyrus controls fusiform-amygdalar effective connectivity.
Additive effects of serotonin transporter and tryptophan hydroxylase-2 gene variation on neural correlates of affective processing.
Brain activity is similar during precision and power gripping with light force: an fMRI study.
Language affects patterns of brain activation associated with perceptual decision.
A rational account of memory predicts left prefrontal activation during controlled retrieval.
Fibromyalgia interacts with age to change the brain☆☆☆
The maturing architecture of the brain's default network.
The Stroop effect in kana and kanji scripts in native Japanese speakers: an fMRI  study.
Effects of shifting perspective of the self: an fMRI study.
Speaking with a single cerebral hemisphere: fMRI language organization after hemispherectomy in childhood.
Human secondary somatosensory cortex is involved in the processing of somatosensory rare stimuli: an fMRI study.
"An fMRI study of theory of mind in schizophrenic patients with ""passivity"" symptoms."
Emotional decision-making and its dissociable components in schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorder: a behavioural and MRI investigation.
Neural correlates of age-related changes in cortical neurophysiology.
Origins of spatial working memory deficits in schizophrenia: an event-related FMRI and near-infrared spectroscopy study.
Acupuncture modulates resting state connectivity in default and sensorimotor brain networks.
What activates the human mirror neuron system during observation of artificial movements: bottom-up visual features or top-down intentions?
An fMRI study in monozygotic twins discordant for obsessive-compulsive symptoms.
Proprioceptive head posture-related processing in human polysensory cortical areas.
Brain imaging of acupuncture: comparing superficial with deep needling.
Proactive and reactive cognitive control and dorsolateral prefrontal cortex dysfunction in first episode schizophrenia☆
Genetically dependent modulation of serotonergic inactivation in the human prefrontal cortex.
fMRI activation during episodic encoding and metacognitive appraisal across the lifespan: risk factors for Alzheimer's disease.
Syntax in a native language still continues to develop in adults: honorification  judgment in Japanese.
Parietal activation during retrieval of abstract and concrete auditory information.
Diffusion Tensor Imaging in Schizophrenia
"Encoding, rehearsal, and recall in signers and speakers: shared network but differential engagement."
A developmental fMRI study of reading and repetition reveals changes in phonological and visual mechanisms over age.
Cortical circuits for silent speechreading in deaf and hearing people.
COMT val158met genotype affects recruitment of neural mechanisms supporting fluid intelligence.
Association of 5' end neuregulin-1 (NRG1) gene variation with subcortical medial  frontal microstructure in humans.
Mapping white matter integrity and neurobehavioral correlates in children with fetal alcohol spectrum disorders.
Limbic and frontal cortical degeneration is associated with psychiatric symptoms  in PINK1 mutation carriers.
Evidence of altered cortical and amygdala activation during social decision-making in schizophrenia.
Ventro-lateral prefrontal activity during working memory is modulated by MAO A genetic variation.
Sex differences in neural processing of language among children.
The Visual Word Form Area: evidence from an fMRI study of implicit processing of  Chinese characters.
A selective representation of the meaning of actions in the auditory mirror system.
Recruitment of anterior and posterior structures in lexical-semantic processing:  an fMRI study comparing implicit and explicit tasks.
Knowing about tools: neural correlates of tool familiarity and experience.
Neural activities for negative priming with affective stimuli: an fMRI study.
The extraction of 3D shape from texture and shading in the human brain.
Age-related differences in brain activity during verbal recency memory.
Phonological processing in deaf signers and the impact of age of first language acquisition.
The capacity constraint in the prefrontal and parietal regions for coordinating dual arithmetic tasks.
Anterior cingulate cortex signals the requirement to break inertia when switching tasks: a study of the bivalency effect.
White matter abnormalities in subjects at ultra high-risk for schizophrenia and first-episode schizophrenic patients.
Fast visuomotor processing of redundant targets: the role of the right temporo-parietal junction.
Cortical midline involvement in autobiographical memory.
The neural networks underlying auditory sensory gating.
Errors of mathematical processing: the relationship of accuracy to neural regions associated with retrieval or representation of the problem state.
Detection of PCC functional connectivity characteristics in resting-state fMRI in mild Alzheimer's disease.
Egocentric memory impaired and allocentric memory intact as assessed by virtual reality in subjects with unilateral parietal cortex lesions.
Dissociative part-dependent biopsychosocial reactions to backward masked angry and neutral faces: An fMRI study of dissociative identity disorder☆
Is emotional contagion special? An fMRI study on neural systems for affective and cognitive empathy.
Episodic memory in schizophrenia: the influence of strategy use on behavior and brain activation.
Dissociable roles of medial orbitofrontal cortex in human operant extinction learning.
Differences in processing of taxonomic and sequential relations in semantic memory: an fMRI investigation.
Gesture subtype-dependent left lateralization of praxis planning: an event-related fMRI study.
Neural correlates of perceiving emotional faces and bodies in developmental prosopagnosia: an event-related fMRI-study.
Responses to interaural time delay in human cortex.
Brain mechanisms involved in processing unreal perceptions
Brain correlates of aesthetic expertise: a parametric fMRI study.
Dissociable neural mechanisms for determining the perceived heaviness of objects  and the predicted weight of objects during lifting: an fMRI investigation of the  size-weight illusion.
Top-down attentional control in spatially coincident stimuli enhances activity in both task-relevant and task-irrelevant regions of cortex.
The role of amygdala during auditory verbal imagery of derogatory appraisals by others.
Long-term global and regional brain volume changes following severe traumatic brain injury: a longitudinal study with clinical correlates.
"Neural substrates of reward magnitude, probability, and risk during a wheel of fortune decision-making task."
The dynamic mechanisms of placebo induced analgesia: Evidence of sustained and transient regional involvement.
A DTI study of white matter microstructure in individuals at high genetic risk for schizophrenia.
Neural correlates of pre-performance routines in expert and novice archers.
Processing 3D form and 3D motion: respective contributions of attention-based and stimulus-driven activity.
Functional brain imaging predicts public health campaign success.
Blood pressure and white matter integrity in geriatric depression.
Superior temporal activation in response to dynamic audio-visual emotional cues.
Neural circuitry underlying the regulation of conditioned fear and its relation to extinction.
Prefrontal social cognition network dysfunction underlying face encoding and social anxiety in fragile X syndrome.
Occipital cortical thickness predicts performance on pitch and musical tasks in blind individuals.
Distinct neural substrates for deductive and mathematical processing.
Correlation of passivity symptoms and dysfunctional visuomotor action monitoring  in psychosis.
Preoperative amygdala fMRI in temporal lobe epilepsy.
Dysfunction of the attentional brain network in children with Developmental Coordination Disorder: a fMRI study.
Crinkling and crumpling: an auditory fMRI study of material properties.
Alexithymia in healthy women: a brain morphology study.
Network activation during bimanual movements in humans.
Gender differences in voluntary micturition control: an fMRI study.
Self-referential processing of negative stimuli within the ventral anterior cingulate gyrus and right amygdala.
Rapid and reversible recruitment of early visual cortex for touch.
Dissociation of frontal and medial temporal lobe activity in maintenance and binding of sequentially presented paired associates.
Neural predictors of moment-to-moment fluctuations in cognitive flexibility.
Activity in both hippocampus and perirhinal cortex predicts the memory strength of subsequently remembered information.
Piecemeal recruitment of left-lateralized brain areas during reading: a spatio-functional account.
An fMRI study of the numerical Stroop task in individuals with and without minimal cognitive impairment.
Implicit trustworthiness ratings of self-resembling faces activate brain centers  involved in reward.
Sports experience changes the neural processing of action language.
White matter integrity predicts delay discounting behavior in 9- to 23-year-olds: a diffusion tensor imaging study.
Thinking about not-thinking: neural correlates of conceptual processing during  Zen meditation.
Neural interaction of speech and gesture: differential activations of metaphoric  co-verbal gestures.
Word order processing in the bilingual brain.
Measuring brain connectivity: diffusion tensor imaging validates resting state temporal correlations.
Negation in the brain: modulating action representations.
Say it with flowers! An fMRI study of object mediated communication.
An fMRI study measuring analgesia enhanced by religion as a belief system.
White matter damage impairs access to consciousness in multiple sclerosis.
The Quadruple Process model approach to examining the neural underpinnings of prejudice.
Developmental changes in neural activation and psychophysiological interaction patterns of brain regions associated with interference control and time perception.
Contagious yawning and the frontal lobe: an fMRI study.
Changes in brain activation induced by the training of hypothesis generation skills: an fMRI study.
EEG source analysis of epileptiform activity using a 1 mm anisotropic hexahedra finite element head model.
Altered brain activity during pain processing in fibromyalgia.
The dorsal auditory pathway is involved in performance of both visual and auditory rhythms.
Distinct neural circuits support transient and sustained processes in prospective memory and working memory.
Amygdalar enlargement associated with unique perception.
Neural correlates of message tailoring and self-relatedness in smoking cessation  programming.
"The exact vs. approximate distinction in numerical cognition may not be exact, but only approximate: How different processes work together in multi-digit addition."
Evoked amygdala responses to negative faces revealed by adaptive MEG beamformers.
Individual differences in typical reappraisal use predict amygdala and prefrontal responses.
Increased gray matter density in young women with chronic vulvar pain.
"Modulation of motor and premotor cortices by actions, action words and action sentences."
Are errors differentiable from deceptive responses when feigning memory impairment? An fMRI study.
Fluctuations in electrodermal activity reveal variations in single trial brain responses to painful laser stimuli--a fMRI/EEG study.
Somatotopical relationships between cortical activity and reflex areas in reflexology: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Atypical empathic responses in adolescents with aggressive conduct disorder: a functional MRI investigation.
Amygdala function and 5-HTT gene variants in adolescent anxiety and major depressive disorder.
How the brain resolves high conflict situations: double conflict involvement of dorsolateral prefrontal cortex.
Cerebral representations of space and time.
Conversation effects on neural mechanisms underlying reaction time to visual events while viewing a driving scene: fMRI analysis and asynchrony model.
Control networks in paediatric Tourette syndrome show immature and anomalous patterns of functional connectivity.
Atypical modulation of cognitive control by arousal in autism.
Neural correlates of enhanced visual short-term memory for angry faces: an FMRI study.
fMRI evidence for multisensory recruitment associated with rapid eye movements during sleep.
Color responses of the human lateral geniculate nucleus: [corrected] selective amplification of S-cone signals between the lateral geniculate nucleno and primary visual cortex measured with high-field
Lying about facial recognition: an fMRI study.
Cortical activations in humans grasp-related areas depend on hand used and handedness.
Spontaneous neural activity during human slow wave sleep.
Neural priming in human frontal cortex: multiple forms of learning reduce demands on the prefrontal executive system.
Prefrontal-subcortical pathways mediating successful emotion regulation.
Abnormal brain response during the auditory emotional processing in schizophrenic patients with chronic auditory hallucinations.
Topographic analysis of individual activation patterns in medial frontal cortex in schizophrenia.
Event congruency enhances episodic memory encoding through semantic elaboration and relational binding.
A dual role for prediction error in associative learning.
Involvement of the left inferior frontal gyrus in predictive inference making.
Development during adolescence of the neural processing of social emotion.
Modality- and task-specific brain regions involved in Chinese lexical processing.
Butorphanol Suppression of Histamine Itch is Mediated by Nucleus Accumbens and Septal Nuclei
Neural correlates of metamemory: a comparison of feeling-of-knowing and retrospective confidence judgments.
Neural evidence of statistical learning: efficient detection of visual regularities without awareness.
A multisensory cortical network for understanding speech in noise.
Neurocognitive mechanisms underlying identification of environmental risks.
Event-related functional MRI investigation of vocal pitch variation.
Practice induces function-specific changes in brain activity.
Word and letter string processing networks in schizophrenia: evidence for anomalies and compensation.
Vascular health risks and fMRI activation during a memory task in older adults.
The influence of feedback valence in associative learning.
Developmental shifts in fMRI activations during visuospatial relational reasoning.
The dynamics of deductive reasoning: an fMRI investigation.
"Disturbances in selective information processing associated with the BDNF Val66Met polymorphism: evidence from cognition, the P300 and fronto-hippocampal systems."
Evidence for automatic sentence priming in the fusiform semantic area: convergent ERP and fMRI findings.
Trial-by-trial coupling between EEG and BOLD identifies networks related to alpha and theta EEG power increases during working memory maintenance.
Sex-related differences in neural activity during risk taking: an fMRI study.
The neural substrates of probabilistic and intertemporal decision making.
Affective context interferes with cognitive control in unipolar depression: an fMRI investigation.
Parieto-frontal gamma band activity during the perceptual emergence of speech forms.
Error processing during online motor control depends on the response accuracy.
fMRI differences between early and late stage-1 sleep.
Evoked magnetic fields following noxious laser stimulation of the thigh in humans.
Neural basis of abnormal response to negative feedback in unmedicated mood disorders.
The hodology of hallucinations.
"Association between a longer duration of illness, age and lower frontal lobe grey matter volume in schizophrenia."
Pointing with the eyes: the role of gaze in communicating danger.
Selective activation of the superior frontal gyrus in task-switching: an event-related fNIRS study.
Proactive inhibitory control of movement assessed by event-related fMRI.
I learned from what you did: Retrieving visuomotor associations learned by observation.
Frontal-striatal-thalamic mediodorsal nucleus dysfunction in schizophrenia-spectrum patients during sensorimotor gating.
Neural basis of Delta-9-tetrahydrocannabinol and cannabidiol: effects during response inhibition.
Neural correlates of voluntary and involuntary risk taking in the human brain: an fMRI Study of the Balloon Analog Risk Task (BART).
"Individual differences in reinforcement learning: behavioral, electrophysiological, and neuroimaging correlates."
Choosing where to attend and the medial frontal cortex: an FMRI study.
Probing category selectivity for environmental sounds in the human auditory brain.
Neural correlates of spatial and non-spatial inhibition of return (IOR) in attentional orienting.
Altered reward processing in the nucleus accumbens and mesial prefrontal cortex of patients with posttraumatic stress disorder.
Functional imaging of semantic memory predicts postoperative episodic memory functions in chronic temporal lobe epilepsy.
Risk for depression is associated with neural biases in emotional categorisation.
Shifting set about task switching: behavioral and neural evidence for distinct forms of cognitive flexibility.
Cognitive processing speed and the structure of white matter pathways: convergent evidence from normal variation and lesion studies.
Menstrual cycle phase modulates cognitive control over male but not female stimuli.
Neuroanatomical substrates of foresight in schizophrenia.
Modulation of brain activity by multiple lexical and word form variables in visual word recognition: A parametric fMRI study.
Learning and consolidation of novel spoken words.
fMRI evidence for a dual process account of the speed-accuracy tradeoff in decision-making.
Hierarchical artificial grammar processing engages Broca's area.
Alerting deficits in children with attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder: event-related fMRI evidence.
Neural correlates of the processing of another's mistakes: a possible underpinning for social and observational learning.
Decoding of affective facial expressions in the context of emotional situations.
Single-trial coupling of EEG and fMRI reveals the involvement of early anterior cingulate cortex activation in effortful decision making.
Neural responses to sad facial expressions in major depression following cognitive behavioral therapy.
Determining a role for ventromedial prefrontal cortex in encoding action-based value signals during reward-related decision making.
Striatal dopamine and working memory.
"Response monitoring, repetitive behaviour and anterior cingulate abnormalities in autism spectrum disorders (ASD)."
"Relationships between hippocampal atrophy, white matter disruption, and gray matter hypometabolism in Alzheimer's disease."
Contextual fear conditioning in humans: cortical-hippocampal and amygdala contributions.
Switching schizophrenia patients from typical neuroleptics to olanzapine: effects on BOLD response during attention and working memory.
Atypical functional lateralization of language in autism spectrum disorders.
Antidepressant treatment normalizes hypoactivity in dorsolateral prefrontal cortex during emotional interference processing in major depression.
Craving love? Enduring grief activates brain's reward center.
A combined [11C]diprenorphine PET study and fMRI study of acupuncture analgesia.
Dysfunctional modulation of emotional interference in the medial prefrontal cortex in patients with schizophrenia.
Individual differences in psychotic effects of ketamine are predicted by brain function measured under placebo.
Loss of resting interhemispheric functional connectivity after complete section of the corpus callosum.
Genetic liability for bipolar disorder is characterized by excess frontal activation in response to a working memory task.
Dissociating medial frontal and posterior cingulate activity during self-reflection.
Cortical recruitment during selective attention in multiple sclerosis: an fMRI investigation of individual differences.
The influence of prior record on moral judgment.
Can machines think? Interaction and perspective taking with robots investigated via fMRI.
Lexical influences on speech perception: a Granger causality analysis of MEG and  EEG source estimates.
Individual attachment style modulates human amygdala and striatum activation during social appraisal.
Gray matter density and white matter integrity in pianists' brain: a combined structural and diffusion tensor MRI study.
Functional abnormalities of the visual processing system in subjects with mild cognitive impairment: an fMRI study.
Emotional experience modulates brain activity during fixation periods between tasks.
Asymmetric control mechanisms of bimanual coordination: an application of directed connectivity analysis to kinematic and functional MRI data.
Low prefrontal perfusion linked to depression symptoms in methadone-maintained opiate-dependent patients.
Neural correlates of successful encoding of semantically and phonologically mediated inter-item associations.
Testosterone biases automatic memory processes in women towards potential mates.
Functional mapping in PD and PSP for sustained phonation and phoneme tasks.
An fMRI study of working memory in first-degree unaffected relatives of schizophrenia patients.
Neural correlates of speeded as compared with delayed responses in a stop signal  task: an indirect analog of risk taking and association with an anxiety trait.
Cortical activation during delay discounting in abstinent methamphetamine dependent individuals.
Functional MRI study of brain activation alterations in patients with obsessive-compulsive disorder after symptom improvement.
The cortical modulation from the external cues during gait observation and imagination.
Integration of cross-modal emotional information in the human brain: an fMRI study.
The integration of higher order form and motion by the human brain.
Functional MRI investigation of verbal selection mechanisms in lateral prefrontal cortex.
Common neural circuitry supporting volitional saccades and its disruption in schizophrenia patients and relatives.
Symbolic representations of action in the human cerebellum.
Cortical competition during language discrimination.
"A common anterior insula representation of disgust observation, experience and imagination shows divergent functional connectivity pathways."
Sleep modulates the neural substrates of both spatial and contextual memory consolidation.
"Developmental increase in top-down and bottom-up processing in a phonological task: an effective connectivity, fMRI study."
Thinking about the future versus the past in personal and non-personal contexts.
Selective attention to semantic and syntactic features modulates sentence processing networks in anterior temporal cortex.
The neurocognitive components of pitch processing: insights from absolute pitch.
Incidental retrieval of emotional contexts in post-traumatic stress disorder and  depression: an fMRI study.
Age-related changes in neural activity during performance matched working memory  manipulation.
Central representation of cold-evoked pain relief in capsaicin induced pain: an event-related fMRI study.
Sensorimotor tongue representation in individuals with unilateral upper limb amelia.
Task-dependent semantic interference in language production: an fMRI study.
A case of persistent retrograde amnesia following a dissociative fugue: neuropsychological and neurofunctional underpinnings of loss of autobiographical  memory and self-awareness.
Neural generators of brain potentials before rapid eye movements during human REM sleep: a study using sLORETA.
Neural substrates for visual pattern recognition learning in Igo.
"Processing conflicting information: facilitation, interference, and functional connectivity."
Frequency specificity of functional connectivity in brain networks.
Specificity of inferior olive response to stimulus timing.
Catechol-O-methyltransferase val158met genotype influences neural processing of reward anticipation.
Visuospatial contextual processing in the parietal cortex: an fMRI investigation  of the induced Roelofs effect.
Pretreatment brain activation during stroop task is associated with outcomes in cocaine-dependent patients.
Brain anatomy of persistent violent offenders: more rather than less.
fMRI evidence for the effect of verbal complexity on lateralisation of the neural response associated with decoding prosodic emotion.
Frequency changes in a continuous tone: auditory cortical potentials.
Functional activation and neural networks in women with posttraumatic stress disorder related to intimate partner violence.
Inter-subject variability in the use of two different neuronal networks for reading aloud familiar words.
An fMRI study of sex differences in brain activation during object naming.
Hyperplane navigation: a method to set individual scores in fMRI group datasets.
Functional significance of retrieval-related activity in lateral parietal cortex: Evidence from fMRI and ERPs.
MEG correlates of bimodal encoding of faces and persons' names.
"The relationship between aging, performance, and the neural correlates of successful memory encoding."
The role of the left inferior frontal gyrus in implicit semantic competition and  selection: An event-related fMRI study.
Motivation to do well enhances responses to errors and self-monitoring.
Neural substrates of self-referential processing in Chinese Buddhists.
The selectivity and functional connectivity of the anterior temporal lobes.
Variation in TREK1 gene linked to depression-resistant phenotype is associated with potentiated neural responses to rewards in humans.
Neural plasticity and treatment-induced recovery of sentence processing in agrammatism.
"Amygdala involvement in human avoidance, escape and approach behavior."
Error detection in the stop signal task.
Neural correlates of implicit and explicit combinatorial semantic processing.
The state of tranquility: subjective perception is shaped by contextual modulation of auditory connectivity.
The role of the left anterior temporal lobe in the semantic processing of famous  faces.
Early emergence of deviant frontal fMRI activity for phonological processes in poor beginning readers.
Electrical source dynamics in three functional localizer paradigms.
Evolution and resolution of human brain perfusion responses to the stress of induced hypoglycemia.
It is not always tickling: distinct cerebral responses during perception of different laughter types.
"Default network activity, coupled with the frontoparietal control network, supports goal-directed cognition."
Top-down modulation of visual feature processing: the role of the inferior frontal junction.
Cortical temporal dynamics of visually guided behavior.
Mesocorticolimbic circuits are impaired in chronic cocaine users as demonstrated  by resting-state functional connectivity.
Cerebral asymmetries in monozygotic twins: an fMRI study.
Neural correlates of real-world route learning.
Functional magnetic resonance imaging response to experimental pain in drug-free  patients with schizophrenia.
Amygdala reactivity to faces at varying intensities of threat in generalized social phobia: an event-related functional MRI study.
Low-frequency transcranial magnetic stimulation over left dorsal premotor cortex  improves the dynamic control of visuospatially cued actions.
Sustained cortical and subcortical neuromodulation induced by electrical tongue stimulation.
Spatial working memory and spatial attention rely on common neural processes in the intraparietal sulcus.
Decrements in hippocampal activity with item repetition during continuous recognition: an fMRI study.
Parietal cortex coding of limb posture: in search of the body-schema.
How specifically are action verbs represented in the neural motor system: an fMRI study.
Neural substrates of impaired sensorimotor timing in adult attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.
The influence of cerebral small vessel disease on default mode network deactivation in mild cognitive impairment☆
Engagement of large-scale networks is related to individual differences in inhibitory control.
Accumulation of neural activity in the posterior insula encodes the passage of time.
Fear thou not: activity of frontal and temporal circuits in moments of real-life  courage.
Autobiographical memory retrieval in patients with Alzheimer's disease.
Neural correlates of body dissatisfaction in anorexia nervosa.
Neural correlates of altered pain response in women with posttraumatic stress disorder from intimate partner violence.
Neural mechanisms for voice recognition.
Culture differences in neural processing of faces and houses in the ventral visual cortex.
Enhancing creativity by means of cognitive stimulation: evidence from an fMRI study.
Neural substrates of phasic alertness: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Broad and narrow conceptual tuning in the human frontal lobes.
Vocal accuracy and neural plasticity following micromelody-discrimination training.
Assessments of function and biochemistry of the anterior cingulate cortex in schizophrenia.
Effects of nicotine withdrawal on verbal working memory and associated brain response.
Neural correlates of intolerance of uncertainty.
A virtual reality-based FMRI study of reward-based spatial learning.
Animated brain: a functional neuroimaging study on animacy experience.
Framing effects: behavioral dynamics and neural basis.
Exaggerated and disconnected insular-amygdalar blood oxygenation level-dependent  response to threat-related emotional faces in women with intimate-partner violence posttraumatic stress disorder.
The hybrid GLM-ICA investigation on the neural mechanism of acupoint ST36: an fMRI study.
Correlations of striatal dopamine synthesis with default network deactivations during working memory in younger adults.
Action relationships concatenate representations of separate objects in the ventral visual system.
Sustained happiness? Lack of repetition suppression in right-ventral visual cortex for happy faces.
Neural networks involved in self-judgement in young and elderly adults.
White matter integrity in mild cognitive impairment: a tract-based spatial statistics study.
Differences in white matter abnormalities between bipolar I and II disorders.
The effect of acute citalopram on face emotion processing in remitted depression: a pharmacoMRI study.
The effects of reality distortion syndrome on salient stimuli processing in patients with schizophrenia: an fMRI study.
Neural competition through visual similarity in face selection.
Cerebral and functional adaptation with chronic hypoxia exposure: a multi-modal MRI study.
Altered working memory process in the manganese-exposed brain.
Brain responses differ to faces of mothers and fathers.
Neural correlates of familiarity-based associative retrieval.
Gray matter abnormalities associated with duration of untreated psychosis
Sustained amygdala response to both novel and newly familiar faces characterizes  inhibited temperament.
Neural correlates of emotion recognition in schizophrenia.
Neurocognitive processes of linguistic cues related to death.
Activity in the hippocampus and neocortical working memory regions predicts successful associative memory for temporally discontiguous events.
Weaving the (neuronal) web: fear learning in spider phobia.
Neural substrates of implicit cueing effect on prospective memory.
Beyond revenge: neural and genetic bases of altruistic punishment.
Functioning of neural systems supporting emotion regulation in anxiety-prone individuals.
Temporal processing in schizophrenia: effects of task-difficulty on behavioral discrimination and neuronal responses.
Dopaminergic modulation of the default mode network in Parkinson's disease.
The neural mechanisms of reciprocal communication.
A Monte Carlo method for locally multivariate brain mapping.
Modulation of the cortical false belief network during development.
Remembering beauty: roles of orbitofrontal and hippocampal regions in successful  memory encoding of attractive faces.
Hippocampal involvement in working memory encoding of changing locations: an fMRI study.
Differences in cerebral activation during perception of optokinetic computer stimuli and video clips of living animals: an fMRI study.
"Perceptual organization and visual search processes during target detection task  performance in schizophrenia, as revealed by fMRI."
Neural sensitivity to social rejection is associated with inflammatory responses  to social stress.
The changes in brain metabolism in people with activated brown adipose tissue: a  PET study.
fMRI BOLD responses to negative stimuli in the prefrontal cortex are dependent on levels of recent negative life stress in major depressive disorder.
Fully exploratory network ICA (FENICA) on resting-state fMRI data.
Right frontopolar cortex activity correlates with reliability of retrospective rating of confidence in short-term recognition memory performance.
Spatial working memory in individuals at high risk for psychosis: longitudinal fMRI study.
Striatal and medial temporal lobe functional interactions during visuomotor associative learning.
The role of ventral medial prefrontal cortex in social decisions: converging evidence from fMRI and frontotemporal lobar degeneration.
Children with reading difficulties show differences in brain regions associated with orthographic processing during spoken language processing.
Rewarding feedback after correct visual discriminations has both general and specific influences on visual cortex.
Developmental differences in sustained and transient activity underlying working  memory.
Cognitive levels of performance account for hemispheric lateralisation effects in dyslexic and normally reading children.
Enhanced resting-state connectivity of amygdala in the immediate aftermath of acute psychological stress.
Top-down modulations in the visual form pathway revealed with dynamic causal modeling.
Dissociating mental states related to doing nothing by means of fMRI pattern classification.
Processing of disgusted faces is facilitated by odor primes: a functional MRI study.
The neural substrates of musical memory revealed by fMRI and two semantic tasks.
An fMRI study of sentence-embedded lexical-semantic decision in children and adults.
Voxel-based assessment of gray and white matter volumes in Alzheimer's disease.
NMDA-receptor antagonist and morphine decrease CRPS-pain and cerebral pain representation.
Effects of body image therapy on the activation of the extrastriate body area in  anorexia nervosa: an fMRI study.
Habitual emotion regulation strategies and depressive symptoms in healthy subjects predict fMRI brain activation patterns related to major depression.
Developmental differences in medial temporal lobe function during memory encoding.
Sex-linked white matter microstructure of the social and analytic brain.
Brain response to a humanoid robot in areas implicated in the perception of human emotional gestures.
Methylphenidate attenuates limbic brain inhibition after cocaine-cues exposure in cocaine abusers.
Menstrual cycle modulation of medial temporal activity evoked by negative emotion.
Hippocampal-neocortical networks differ during encoding and retrieval of relational memory: functional and effective connectivity analyses.
Functional mapping in the corpus callosum: a 4T fMRI study of white matter.
Sexual dimorphism and asymmetry in human cerebellum: an MRI-based morphometric study.
A dual-route perspective on poor reading in a regular orthography: an fMRI study.
Distraction and target selection in the brain: an fMRI study.
Novel approach for understanding the neural mechanisms of auditory-motor control: pitch regulation by finger force.
Medial prefrontal cortex-dorsal anterior cingulate cortex connectivity during behavior selection without an objective correct answer.
Prominence vs. aboutness in sequencing: a functional distinction within the left  inferior frontal gyrus.
A cerebellar thalamic cortical circuit for error-related cognitive control.
Functional anatomy of listening and reading comprehension during development.
Menstrual cycle and hormonal contraceptive use modulate human brain structure.
The neural correlates of highly iconic structures and topographic discourse in French Sign Language as observed in six hearing native signers.
Interactive effects of physical activity and APOE-epsilon4 on BOLD semantic memory activation in healthy elders.
Dual-task interference during initial learning of a new motor task results from competition for the same brain areas.
Dissociating the neural correlates of intra-item and inter-item working-memory binding.
Multisensory conflict modulates the spread of visual attention across a multisensory object.
Modality-specific and modality-independent components of the human imagery system.
The effects of Brief Behavioral Activation Therapy for Depression on cognitive control in affective contexts: An fMRI investigation.
Simultaneous EEG-fMRI during a working memory task: modulations in low and high frequency bands.
An fMRI investigation of cognitive stages in reasoning by analogy.
"Processing of food pictures: influence of hunger, gender and calorie content."
The benefits of skull stripping in the normalization of clinical fMRI data☆
Nothing to fear? Neural systems supporting avoidance behavior in healthy youths.
Neuroimaging studies of practice-related change: fMRI and meta-analytic evidence of a domain-general control network for learning
A role for the striatum in regret-related choice repetition.
Triangles have goals too: understanding action representation in left aIPS.
Escitalopram attenuates posterior cingulate activity during self-evaluation in healthy volunteers.
Neuroanatomical correlates of executive functions in children and adolescents: a  magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) study of cortical thickness.
An fMRI study on mental pain and suicidal behavior.
"Mental state attribution and the temporoparietal junction: an fMRI study comparing belief, emotion, and perception."
Eigenvector centrality mapping for analyzing connectivity patterns in fMRI data of the human brain.
Autism spectrum traits in the typical population predict structure and function in the posterior superior temporal sulcus.
Nicotine replacement in abstinent smokers improves cognitive withdrawal symptoms  with modulation of resting brain network dynamics.
Cross-modal interactions between human faces and voices involved in person recognition.
Neural mechanisms of repetition priming of familiar and globally unfamiliar visual objects.
A multimodal imaging study in U.S. veterans of Operations Iraqi and Enduring Freedom with and without major depression after blast-related concussion.
Quantitative modeling of the neural representation of objects: how semantic feature norms can account for fMRI activation.
Age differences in neural distinctiveness revealed by multi-voxel pattern analysis.
Decoding the direction of auditory motion in blind humans.
Gray matter volume differences specific to formal thought disorder in schizophrenia.
fMRI investigation of visual change detection in adults with autism☆
Inversion effect in the visual processing of Chinese character: an fMRI study.
A prefrontal non-opioid mechanism in placebo analgesia.
Individual differences in working memory capacity and distractor processing: possible contribution of top-down inhibitory control.
Regional homogeneity of fMRI time series in autism spectrum disorders.
The representation of experimental tooth pain from upper and lower jaws in the human trigeminal pathway.
The neural basis of lip-reading capabilities is altered by early visual deprivation.
Disturbed sexual dimorphism of brain activation during mental rotation in schizophrenia.
Dissociable neural responses to hands and non-hand body parts in human left extrastriate visual cortex.
Reduced cognitive control of response inhibition by the anterior cingulate cortex in autism spectrum disorders.
Brain sensitivity to print emerges when children learn letter-speech sound correspondences.
How instructions modify perception: an fMRI study investigating brain areas involved in attributing human agency.
Neural mechanism of unconscious perception of surprised facial expression.
Effects of exogenous testosterone on the ventral striatal BOLD response during reward anticipation in healthy women.
When the future becomes the past: Differences in brain activation patterns for episodic memory and episodic future thinking.
"Symptom-correlated brain regions in young adults with combined-type ADHD: their organization, variability, and relation to behavioral performance."
Evidence of increased activation underlying cognitive control in ecstasy and cannabis users.
Increased neural activation during picture encoding and retrieval in 60-year-olds compared to 20-year-olds.
Multiple cognitive control mechanisms associated with the nature of conflict.
Voxel-based morphometry in eating disorders: correlation of psychopathology with  grey matter volume.
Instruction dependent activation during optokinetic nystagmus (OKN) stimulation:  An FMRI study at 3T.
Neural substrates of episodic memory dysfunction in behavioural variant frontotemporal dementia with and without C9ORF72 expansions☆
"Multi-voxel coding of stimuli, rules, and responses in human frontoparietal cortex."
New method for fMRI investigations of language: defining ROIs functionally in individual subjects.
Localization of sublexical speech perception components.
Automatic top-down processing explains common left occipito-temporal responses to visual words and objects.
Striatal dysfunction marks preexisting risk and medial prefrontal dysfunction is  related to problem drinking in children of alcoholics.
"Dissection of perceptual, motor and autonomic components of brain activity evoked by noxious stimulation."
In psychopathic patients emotion attribution modulates activity in outcome-related brain areas.
Passively viewing negatively valenced baby faces attenuates left amygdala activity in healthy females scoring high on 'Harm Avoidance'.
Auditory evoked fields to vocalization during passive listening and active generation in adults who stutter.
The effect of arousal on the emotional memory network depends on valence.
"Negative affectivity, self-referential processing and the cortical midline structures."
Failing compensatory mechanisms during working memory in older apolipoprotein E-epsilon4 healthy adults.
The COMT val158met polymorphism and brain morphometry in healthy young adults
Inferior frontal gyrus activation predicts individual differences in perceptual learning of cochlear-implant simulations.
Which way was I going? Contextual retrieval supports the disambiguation of well learned overlapping navigational routes.
Having a body versus moving your body: neural signatures of agency and body-ownership.
Taking perspective into account in a communicative task.
Brain responses to facial expressions of pain: emotional or motor mirroring?
Aversive stimuli lead to differential amygdala activation and connectivity patterns depending on catechol-O-methyltransferase Val158Met genotype.
Reactivity of hemodynamic responses and functional connectivity to different states of alpha synchrony: a concurrent EEG-fMRI study.
Body mass correlates inversely with inhibitory control in response to food among  adolescent girls: an fMRI study.
States versus rewards: dissociable neural prediction error signals underlying model-based and model-free reinforcement learning.
Social status modulates the neural response to unfairness.
Cortical representation of natural complex sounds: effects of acoustic features and auditory object category.
Neural basis of conditional cooperation.
"The brain functional networks associated to human and animal suffering differ among omnivores, vegetarians and vegans."
Amygdala engagement in response to subthreshold presentations of anxious face stimuli in adults with autism spectrum disorders: preliminary insights.
Watching my mind unfold versus yours: an fMRI study using a novel camera technology to examine neural differences in self-projection of self versus other  perspectives.
Neuroimaging social emotional processing in women: fMRI study of script-driven imagery.
Add a picture for suspense: neural correlates of the interaction between language and visual information in the perception of fear.
Dorsal visual pathway changes in patients with comitant extropia.
Structural and functional bases for individual differences in motor learning.
Updating beliefs for a decision: neural correlates of uncertainty and underconfidence.
A hierarchy for relational reasoning in the prefrontal cortex.
Diagnostic power of default mode network resting state fMRI in the detection of Alzheimer's disease.
"Prefrontal, parietal and basal activation associated with the reordering of a two-element list held in working memory."
Resting-state functional connectivity in the baboon model of genetic generalized epilepsy.
Alcohol induced region-dependent alterations of hemodynamic response: implications for the statistical interpretation of pharmacological fMRI studies.
Human bed nucleus of the stria terminalis indexes hypervigilant threat monitoring.
Mode-dependent and mode-independent representations of numerosity in the right intraparietal sulcus.
Syntactic structure building in the anterior temporal lobe during natural story listening.
Prior auditory information shapes visual category-selectivity in ventral occipito-temporal cortex.
Pinning down response inhibition in the brain--conjunction analyses of the Stop-signal task.
Orbitofrontal cortex provides cross-modal valuation of self-generated stimuli.
Amygdalar modulation of frontotemporal connectivity during the inkblot test.
"Stop looking angry and smile, please: start and stop of the very same facial expression differentially activate threat- and reward-related brain networks."
Choosing to make an effort: the role of striatum in signaling physical effort of  a chosen action.
What gets the attention of the temporo-parietal junction? An fMRI investigation of attention and theory of mind.
Age-related dedifferentiation of learning systems: an fMRI study of implicit and  explicit learning.
Cerebral processing of pain in school-aged children with neonatal nociceptive input: an exploratory fMRI study.
Deep brain stimulation induces BOLD activation in motor and non-motor networks: an fMRI comparison study of STN and EN/GPi DBS in large animals.
Aging and decision making under uncertainty: behavioral and neural evidence for the preservation of decision making in the absence of learning in old age.
"Contributions of frontopolar cortex to judgments about self, others and relations."
Regional brain activity during early visual perception in unaffected siblings of  schizophrenia patients.
Neural competition for conscious representation across time: an fMRI study.
Patterns of altered cortical perfusion and diminished subcortical integrity in posttraumatic stress disorder: an MRI study.
Evaluating an acoustically quiet EPI sequence for use in fMRI studies of speech and auditory processing.
Lateral prefrontal cortex subregions make dissociable contributions during fluid  reasoning.
Vasopressin modulates medial prefrontal cortex-amygdala circuitry during emotion  processing in humans.
Parietal cortex and episodic memory retrieval in schizophrenia.
Neural and behavioral responses to threatening emotion faces in children as a function of the short allele of the serotonin transporter gene.
Functional imaging of working memory and peripheral endothelial function in middle-aged adults.
Processing of spectral and amplitude envelope of animal vocalizations in the human auditory cortex.
Selective functional integration between anterior temporal and distinct fronto-mesolimbic regions during guilt and indignation.
Effective connectivity of cortical and subcortical regions during unification of  sentence structure.
Inferential reasoning by exclusion recruits parietal and prefrontal cortices.
Spatio-temporal brain dynamics in a combined stimulus-stimulus and stimulus-response conflict task.
BA3b and BA1 activate in a serial fashion after median nerve stimulation: direct  evidence from combining source analysis of evoked fields and cytoarchitectonic probabilistic maps.
Memory encoding and dopamine in the aging brain: a psychopharmacological neuroimaging study.
Incongruence effects in crossmodal emotional integration.
Interaction of caudate dopamine depletion and brain metabolic changes with cognitive dysfunction in early Parkinson's disease.
Prefrontal dynamics underlying rapid instructed task learning reverse with practice.
Sexually dimorphic functional connectivity in response to high vs. low energy-dense food cues in obese humans: an fMRI study.
Semantic memory involvement in the default mode network: a functional neuroimaging study using independent component analysis.
Effect of attention on cortical processing of sound motion: an EEG study.
Distinct neural correlates for two types of inhibition in bilinguals: response inhibition versus interference suppression.
Altered fronto-cerebellar connectivity in alcohol-naive youth with a family history of alcoholism.
Voxel-based morphometry studies of personality: issue of statistical model specification--effect of nuisance covariates.
Keeping time in your sleep: overnight consolidation of temporal rhythm.
Default mode network gates the retrieval of task-irrelevant incidental memories.
Linking inter-individual differences in neural activation and behavior to intrinsic brain dynamics.
The influence of working memory load on phase specific patterns of cortical activity
Dissociable brain mechanisms for processing social exclusion and rule violation.
Impact of transient emotions on functional connectivity during subsequent resting state: a wavelet correlation approach.
"Brain activation related to combinations of gaze position, visual input, and goal-directed hand movements."
Spectral quality of light modulates emotional brain responses in humans.
Granger causality mapping during joint actions reveals evidence for forward models that could overcome sensory-motor delays.
Control of spatial and feature-based attention in frontoparietal cortex.
Expectation-driven changes in cortical functional connectivity influence working  memory and long-term memory performance.
Methylphenidate enhances brain activation and deactivation responses to visual attention and working memory tasks in healthy controls.
Amygdala and dorsomedial prefrontal cortex responses to appearance-based and behavior-based person impressions.
Prediction of subsequent recognition performance using brain activity in the medial temporal lobe.
Reduced dorsal prefrontal gray matter after chronic ketamine use.
Multisensory perception of action in posterior temporal and parietal cortices.
The development of print tuning in children with dyslexia: evidence from longitudinal ERP data supported by fMRI.
Functional neural networks of time perception: challenge and opportunity for schizophrenia research.
When music and long-term memory interact: effects of musical expertise on functional and structural plasticity in the hippocampus.
Monitoring in language perception: electrophysiological and hemodynamic responses to spelling violations.
Trait and state dependent functional impairments in bipolar disorder.
Intrinsically organized network for word processing during the resting state.
Working memory maintenance of grasp-target information in the human posterior parietal cortex.
Effective connectivity analysis demonstrates involvement of premotor cortex during speech perception.
Neurobiological substrate of smoking-related attentional bias.
Neurobiology of decision-making in adolescents.
An image fusion algorithm based on multi-resolution decomposition for functional  magnetic resonance images.
Changes of brain activation pre- post short-term psychodynamic inpatient psychotherapy: an fMRI study of panic disorder patients.
A cross-sectional and follow-up functional MRI study with a working memory task in adolescent anorexia nervosa.
The left occipitotemporal system in reading: disruption of focal fMRI connectivity to left inferior frontal and inferior parietal language areas in children with dyslexia.
Regional gray matter correlates of perceived emotional intelligence.
Involvement of the anterior cingulate and frontoinsular cortices in rapid processing of salient facial emotional information.
Spatiotemporal tuning of brain activity and force performance.
What artificial grammar learning reveals about the neurobiology of syntax.
Age-Related Differences in Functional Nodes of the Brain Cortex - A High Model Order Group ICA Study.
Neural bases of conditioned placebo analgesia.
Decreased interhemispheric functional connectivity in autism.
Sound-induced enhancement of low-intensity vision: multisensory influences on human sensory-specific cortices and thalamic bodies relate to perceptual enhancement of visual detection sensitivity.
Cognitive state and connectivity effects of the genome-wide significant psychosis variant in ZNF804A.
Cognitive versus automatic mechanisms of mood induction differentially activate left and right amygdala.
Functional asymmetries in the representation of noise-vocoded speech.
Dysconnectivity of neurocognitive networks at rest in very-preterm born adults☆
Meta-analytic evidence for common and distinct neural networks associated with directly experienced pain and empathy for pain.
Altered function and connectivity of the medial frontal cortex in pediatric obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Facilitating memory for novel characters by reducing neural repetition suppression in the left fusiform cortex.
Dissociable processes of cognitive control during error and non-error conflicts:  a study of the stop signal task.
Receptive prosody in nonfluent primary progressive aphasias.
Neural correlates of task switching in paternal 15q11-q13 deletion Prader-Willi syndrome.
The Saccadic Re-Centering Bias is Associated with Activity Changes in the Human Superior Colliculus.
Neuroimaging evidence of cerebellar involvement in premenstrual dysphoric disorder.
"Experiential, autonomic, and neural responses during threat anticipation vary as  a function of threat intensity and neuroticism."
Mental time travel into the past and the future in healthy aged adults: an fMRI study.
TDCS guided using fMRI significantly accelerates learning to identify concealed objects.
Medial prefrontal cortex predicts and evaluates the timing of action outcomes.
Neural responses to meaningless pseudosigns: evidence for sign-based phonetic processing in superior temporal cortex.
Correlated structural and functional brain abnormalities in the default mode network in schizophrenia patients.
Processing social aspects of human gaze: a combined fMRI-DTI study.
Speech-induced suppression of evoked auditory fields in children who stutter.
Three systems of insular functional connectivity identified with cluster analysis.
The posterior superior temporal sulcus is sensitive to the outcome of human and non-human goal-directed actions.
From bad to worse: striatal coding of the relative value of painful decisions.
Neural representations of relevant and irrelevant features in perceptual decision making.
Brain Activations to Emotional Pictures are Differentially Associated with Valence and Arousal Ratings.
Regional homogeneity of the resting-state brain activity correlates with individual intelligence.
The functional neuroanatomy of morphology in language production.
Lateralization is predicted by reduced coupling from the left to right prefrontal cortex during semantic decisions on written words.
Functional connectivity of the insula in the resting brain.
In vivo evaluation of gray and white matter volume loss in the parkinsonian variant of multiple system atrophy using SPM8 plus DARTEL for VBM☆
Phasic and sustained fear in humans elicits distinct patterns of brain activity.
Associations and dissociations between default and self-reference networks in the human brain.
Art for reward's sake: visual art recruits the ventral striatum.
Lying in the scanner: covert countermeasures disrupt deception detection by functional magnetic resonance imaging.
The neural basis of visual dominance in the context of audio-visual object processing.
Human posterior parietal cortex flexibly determines reference frames for reaching based on sensory context.
D2 receptor genotype and striatal dopamine signaling predict motor cortical activity and behavior in humans.
Aging of human supraspinal locomotor and postural control in fMRI.
The role of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in deception when remembering neutral and emotional events.
Visual detection and identification are not the same: evidence from psychophysics and fMRI.
Impact of the Genome Wide Supported NRGN Gene on Anterior Cingulate Morphology in Schizophrenia
Neural correlates of performance on the different scoring systems of the clock drawing test.
Increased activation in superior temporal gyri as a function of increment in phonetic features.
Diffusion tensor imaging in dementia with Lewy bodies and Alzheimer's disease
A non-elaborative mental stance and decoupling of executive and pain-related cortices predicts low pain sensitivity in Zen meditators.
Spatio-temporal indications of sub-cortical involvement in leftward bias of spatial attention.
Thalamus abnormalities during working memory in schizophrenia. An fMRI study.
Mindfulness practice leads to increases in regional brain gray matter density.
Multispectral brain morphometry in Tourette syndrome persisting into adulthood.
Congruence of happy and sad emotion in music and faces modifies cortical audiovisual activation.
Functional roles and cultural modulations of the medial prefrontal and parietal activity associated with causal attribution.
Abnormal white matter microstructure in drug-naive first episode schizophrenia patients before and after eight weeks of antipsychotic treatment.
Prefrontal mechanisms of fear reduction after threat offset.
Modulation of steady state functional connectivity in the default mode and working memory networks by cognitive load.
Perimenopausal use of hormone therapy is associated with enhanced memory and hippocampal function later in life.
Modulation of default-mode network activity by acute tryptophan depletion is associated with mood change: a resting state functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Model-free fMRI group analysis using FENICA.
Neural signatures of autism.
Evidence for a general face salience signal in human amygdala.
Evidence for a motor and a non-motor domain in the human dentate nucleus--an fMRI study.
Contributions of the PPC to online control of visually guided reaching movements  assessed with fMRI-guided TMS.
Strengthening of top-down frontal cognitive control networks underlying the development of inhibitory control: a functional magnetic resonance imaging effective connectivity study.
Prefrontal and medial temporal lobe activity at encoding predicts temporal context memory.
Effect of menstrual cycle phase on corticolimbic brain activation by visual food  cues.
"Increased gyrification, but comparable surface area in adolescents with autism spectrum disorders."
Processing of infant-directed speech by adults.
Superior parietal lobule dysfunction in a homogeneous group of dyslexic children  with a visual attention span disorder.
Neural mechanisms involved in the oral representation of percussion music: an fMRI study.
The production and detection of deception in an interactive game.
Impairment of prosocial sentiments is associated with frontopolar and septal damage in frontotemporal dementia.
Right temporoparietal junction activation by a salient contextual cue facilitates target discrimination.
Variations of response time in a selective attention task are linked to variations of functional connectivity in the attentional network.
Trait approach and avoidance motivation: lateralized neural activity associated with executive function.
Atypical default network connectivity in youth with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.
Bilateral activation of the trigeminothalamic tract by acute orofacial cutaneous  and muscle pain in humans.
Spatial attention influences trial-by-trial relationships between response time and functional connectivity in the visual cortex.
Emotional conflict in interpersonal interactions.
Fronto-temporal spontaneous resting state functional connectivity in pediatric bipolar disorder.
Interaction between aging and neurodegeneration in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
The amygdala and FFA track both social and non-social face dimensions.
Interruption of visually perceived forward motion in depth evokes a cortical activation shift from spatial to intentional motor regions.
Moral judgments recruit domain-general valuation mechanisms to integrate representations of probability and magnitude.
Amygdala responsivity related to memory of emotionally neutral stimuli constitutes a trait factor for depression.
Consumption of caloric and non-caloric versions of a soft drink differentially affects brain activation during tasting.
A neuronal basis for task-negative responses in the human brain.
Dietary restraint violations influence reward responses in nucleus accumbens and  amygdala.
The involvement of occipital and inferior frontal cortex in the phonological learning of Chinese characters.
Human striatal activation during adjustment of the response criterion in visual word recognition.
Developmental changes between ages 13 and 21 years in the extent and magnitude of the BOLD response during decision making.
Preservation and modulation of specific left hemisphere regions is vital for treated recovery from anomia in stroke.
Bidirectional connectivity between hemispheres occurs at multiple levels in language processing but depends on sex.
Neural correlates of S-ketamine induced psychosis during overt continuous verbal  fluency.
Implicit sequence-specific motor learning after subcortical stroke is associated  with increased prefrontal brain activations: an fMRI study.
Maturation of limbic corticostriatal activation and connectivity associated with  developmental changes in temporal discounting.
Backward masked fearful faces enhance contralateral occipital cortical activity for visual targets within the spotlight of attention.
Perception of object motion in three-dimensional space induced by cast shadows.
Reduced medial prefrontal cortex volume in adults reporting childhood emotional maltreatment.
"Influence of contingency awareness on neural, electrodermal and evaluative responses during fear conditioning."
Forming a negative impression of another person correlates with activation in medial prefrontal cortex and amygdala.
Changing patterns of brain activation during category learning revealed by functional MRI
Manifestation of ocular-muscle EMG contamination in human intracranial recordings.
When giving is good: ventromedial prefrontal cortex activation for others' intentions.
Impact of changed positive and negative task-related brain activity on word-retrieval in aging
Factors underlying prefrontal and insula structural alterations in smokers.
Working memory load modulates distractor competition in primary visual cortex.
The role of hippocampus dysfunction in deficient memory encoding and positive symptoms in schizophrenia.
Structural and functional imaging approaches in attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder: does the temporal lobe play a key role?
Neural mechanisms of belief inference during cooperative games.
Left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex dysfunction in medication-naive schizophrenia.
Processing in prefrontal cortex underlies tactile direction discrimination: An fMRI study of a patient with a traumatic spinal cord lesion.
In vivo brain anatomy of adult males with Fragile X syndrome: an MRI study.
fMRI activation in the amygdala and the orbitofrontal cortex in unmedicated subjects with major depressive disorder.
Remedial action and feedback processing in a time-estimation task: evidence for a role of the rostral cingulate zone in behavioral adjustments without learning.
Cortical integration of audio-visual speech and non-speech stimuli.
A common left occipito-temporal dysfunction in developmental dyslexia and acquired letter-by-letter reading?
Synaesthetic colour in the brain: beyond colour areas. A functional magnetic resonance imaging study of synaesthetes and matched controls.
Inflammation-induced anhedonia: endotoxin reduces ventral striatum responses to reward.
Separable prefrontal cortex contributions to free recall.
Implicit perceptual anticipation triggered by statistical learning.
Similarities and differences in perceiving threat from dynamic faces and bodies.  An fMRI study.
White matter hyperintensities alter functional organization of the motor system.
Lying about the valence of affective pictures: an fMRI study.
Projecting memories: the role of the hippocampus in emotional mentalizing.
fMRI of patients with social anxiety disorder during a social situation task.
Brain plasticity related to the consolidation of motor sequence learning and motor adaptation.
The embodiment of emotional feelings in the brain.
Self-organisation in the human visual system--visuo-motor processing with congenitally abnormal V1 input.
Functionally dissociating temporal and motor components of response preparation in left intraparietal sulcus.
Emotion processing in the aging brain is modulated by semantic elaboration.
Wavelet correlation between subjects: a time-scale data driven analysis for brain mapping using fMRI.
The BOLD correlates of the visual P1 and N1 in single-trial analysis of simultaneous EEG-fMRI recordings during a spatial detection task.
Differences of cerebral activation between superior and inferior learners during motor sequence encoding and retrieval
The neural correlates of negative prediction error signaling in human fear conditioning.
Altered engagement of attention and default networks during target detection in schizophrenia.
Neural mechanisms of recognizing scene configurations from multiple viewpoints.
Neural mechanisms of interference control in working memory: effects of interference expectancy and fluid intelligence.
Impaired error-likelihood prediction in medial prefrontal cortex in schizophrenia.
Topographic electrophysiological signatures of FMRI Resting State Networks.
Error processing network dynamics in schizophrenia.
Development of brain networks involved in spoken word processing of Mandarin Chinese.
A test of the role of the medial temporal lobe in single-word decoding.
Mapping anterior temporal lobe language areas with fMRI: a multicenter normative  study.
Representation of somatosensory inputs within the cortical autonomic network.
Structural brain alterations associated with dyslexia predate reading onset.
The neural correlates of problem states: testing FMRI predictions of a computational model of multitasking.
Role of motor processes in extrinsically encoding mental transformations.
Reorganization of functional and effective connectivity during real-time fMRI-BCI modulation of prosody processing.
Neurobiological correlates of theory of mind in psychosis proneness.
Neuroimaging reveals dual routes to reading in simultaneous proficient readers of two orthographies.
"Parkinson's disease tremor-related metabolic network: characterization, progression, and treatment effects."
"Task effects in the mid-fusiform gyrus: a comparison of orthographic, phonological, and semantic processing of Chinese characters."
The neural network sustaining the crossmodal processing of human gender from faces and voices: an fMRI study.
Brain correlates of stress-induced analgesia.
Volume reduction of the corpus callosum and its relationship with deficits in interhemispheric transfer of information in recent-onset psychosis.
Changes in functioning of mesolimbic incentive processing circuits during the premenstrual phase.
"Early and late talkers: school-age language, literacy and neurolinguistic differences."
The role of contralesional dorsal premotor cortex after stroke as studied with concurrent TMS-fMRI.
Evaluation of effective connectivity of motor areas during motor imagery and execution using conditional Granger causality.
"Auditory-motor expertise alters ""speech selectivity"" in professional musicians and actors."
Dissociable contributions of prefrontal cortex and the hippocampus to short-term  memory: evidence for a 3-state model of memory.
Cortical processing of head- and eye-gaze cues guiding joint social attention.
Structural brain alterations in patients with major depressive disorder and high  risk for suicide: evidence for a distinct neurobiological entity?
Process-specific prefrontal contributions to episodic encoding and retrieval of tastes: a functional NIRS study.
Memory related dysregulation of hippocampal function in major depressive disorder.
Challenges to attention: a continuous arterial spin labeling (ASL) study of the effects of distraction on sustained attention.
Neural correlates of mental preparation for successful insight problem solving.
Similarities in the patterns of prefrontal cortex activity during spatial and temporal context memory retrieval after equating for task structure and performance.
Regional aerobic glycolysis in the human brain.
What Physiological Changes and Cerebral Traces Tell Us about Adhesion to Fiction  During Theater-Watching?
The brain effects of laser acupuncture in healthy individuals: an FMRI investigation.
Morphometric differences in the Heschl's gyrus of hearing impaired and normal hearing infants.
Adolescent resting state networks and their associations with schizotypal trait expression.
Localizing sensory and cognitive systems for pre-attentive visual deviance detection: an sLORETA analysis of the data of Kimura et al. (2009).
Anatomical and temporal architecture of theory of mind: a MEG insight into the early stages.
"Parsing decision making processes in prefrontal cortex: response inhibition, overcoming learned avoidance, and reversal learning."
"When the brain remembers, but the patient doesn't: converging fMRI and EEG evidence for covert recognition in a case of prosopagnosia."
Early impact of 5-HTTLPR polymorphism on the neural correlates of sadness.
The neural processes underlying self-agency.
Neural substrates of graphomotor sequence learning: a combined FMRI and kinematic study.
What goes down must come up: role of the posteromedial cortices in encoding and retrieval.
"Dissociating the ""retrieval success"" regions of the brain: effects of retrieval delay."
The maturation of task set-related activation supports late developmental improvements in inhibitory control.
Temporal order processing of syllables in the left parietal lobe.
"Static images of novel, moveable objects learned through touch activate visual area hMT+."
Distinct control networks for cognition and emotion in the prefrontal cortex.
Effect of temporal difficulty on cerebrocerebellar interaction during visual duration discrimination.
Cytoarchitecture and probabilistic maps of the human posterior insular cortex.
Interdependent self-construal and neural representations of self and mother.
A genetic variation of the noradrenergic system is related to differential amygdala activation during encoding of emotional memories.
Understanding others' regret: a FMRI study.
Neural responses to rigidly moving faces displaying shifts in social attention investigated with fMRI and MEG.
The neural temporal dynamics of the intensity of emotional experience.
Progressive temporal lobe grey matter loss in adolescents with schizotypal traits and mild intellectual impairment.
Neural activity during social signal perception correlates with self-reported empathy.
Functional connectivity bias of the orbitofrontal cortex in drug-free patients with major depression.
Brain activation and lexical learning: the impact of learning phase and word type.
Neural differences in the mapping of verb and noun concepts onto novel words.
The integration of large-scale neural network modeling and functional brain imaging in speech motor control.
Dissociable neural circuits for encoding and retrieval of object locations during active navigation in humans.
Dissociable roles of medial and lateral PFC in rule learning
Differential neural responses to faces physically similar to the self as a function of their valence.
Compensatory neural mechanisms in cognitively unimpaired Parkinson disease
Functional magnetic resonance imaging of inner speech in schizophrenia.
Greater superior than inferior parietal lobule activation with increasing rotation angle during mental rotation: an fMRI study.
Negative covariation between task-related responses in alpha/beta-band activity and BOLD in human sensorimotor cortex: an EEG and fMRI study of motor imagery and movements.
Fronto-cerebellar circuits and eye movement control: a diffusion imaging tractography study of human cortico-pontine projections.
The contributions of cerebro-cerebellar circuitry to executive verbal working memory.
Tease or threat? Judging social interactions from bodily expressions.
Word order and Broca's region: evidence for a supra-syntactic perspective.
Body schematics: on the role of the body schema in embodied lexical-semantic representations.
The impact of developmental instability on Voxel-Based Morphometry analyses of neuroanatomical abnormalities in schizophrenia.
Resting state and task-induced deactivation: A methodological comparison in patients with schizophrenia and healthy controls.
NMDA hypofunction in the posterior cingulate as a model for schizophrenia: an exploratory ketamine administration study in fMRI
Estimating the transfer function from neuronal activity to BOLD using simultaneous EEG-fMRI.
"Neural modulation of temporal encoding, maintenance, and decision processes."
Primary and multisensory cortical activity is correlated with audiovisual percepts.
Brain activation evoked by erotic films varies with different menstrual phases: an fMRI study.
Negative BOLD during tongue movement: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Unconsciously deciphering handwriting: subliminal invariance for handwritten words in the visual word form area.
Taking a gamble or playing by the rules: dissociable prefrontal systems implicated in probabilistic versus deterministic rule-based decisions.
Effect of CACNA1C rs1006737 on neural correlates of verbal fluency in healthy individuals.
Functional brain network abnormalities during verbal working memory performance in adolescents and young adults with dyslexia.
Imaging implicit morphological processing: evidence from Hebrew.
"Social cues, mentalizing and the neural processing of speech accompanied by gestures."
Dichotic pitch activates pitch processing centre in Heschl's gyrus.
Retrosplenial cortex connectivity in schizophrenia.
Test-retest reliability of event-related functional MRI in a probabilistic reversal learning task.
Neuroanatomical variability of religiosity.
A multivariate analysis of age-related differences in default mode and task-positive networks across multiple cognitive domains.
The neural correlates of religious and nonreligious belief.
Auditory cortex stimulation by low-frequency tones-an fMRI study.
Regional sex differences in grey matter volume are associated with sex hormones in the young adult human brain.
Brain activation in an involuntary human action.
Where syntax meets math: right intraparietal sulcus activation in response to grammatical number agreement violations.
Functional activation in the cerebellum during working memory and simple speech tasks.
Neural substrates of irony comprehension: A functional MRI study.
Cultural constraints on brain development: evidence from a developmental study of visual word processing in mandarin chinese.
Neural basis for dynamic updating of object representation in visual working memory.
Distinct brain networks for time-varied characteristics of acupuncture.
Neural components underlying behavioral flexibility in human reversal learning.
Neural systems for reading aloud: a multiparametric approach.
Roles of medial prefrontal cortex and orbitofrontal cortex in self-evaluation.
Neural mechanisms of context effects on face recognition: automatic binding and context shift decrements.
Imaging brain fatigue from sustained mental workload: an ASL perfusion study of the time-on-task effect.
Neural correlates of response inhibition in pediatric bipolar disorder and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.
Refreshing and integrating visual scenes in scene-selective cortex.
BDNF gene polymorphism (Val66Met) predicts amygdala and anterior hippocampus responses to emotional faces in anxious and depressed adolescents.
Phonological processing in post-lingual deafness and cochlear implant outcome.
Functional variation of the dopamine D2 receptor gene is associated with emotional control as well as brain activity and connectivity during emotion processing in humans.
Sub-cortical and brainstem sites associated with chemo-stimulated increases in ventilation in humans.
Behavioral and neural evidence of incentive bias for immediate rewards relative to preference-matched delayed rewards.
Contorted and ordinary body postures in the human brain.
Self-referential processing and the prefrontal cortex over the course of depression: a pilot study.
Neural long-term effects of emotion regulation on episodic memory processes.
Motor timing and motor sequencing contribute differently to the preparation for voluntary movement.
Insula response and connectivity during social and non-social attention in children with autism.
Involvement of right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in ill-structured design cognition: an fMRI study.
Your mind's hand: motor imagery of pointing movements with different accuracy.
Imaging systems level consolidation of novel associate memories: a longitudinal neuroimaging study.
Cortical anatomy in human X monosomy.
Prestimulus functional connectivity determines pain perception in humans.
Human rostral dorsal premotor cortex mediates graspability judgment of external objects by evaluating hand motor capability.
The neural architecture of discourse compression.
Combining functional and anatomical connectivity reveals brain networks for auditory language comprehension.
Effective connectivity of neural networks in automatic movements in Parkinson's disease.
Amplitude of low-frequency oscillations in schizophrenia: a resting state fMRI study.
"Language or music, mother or Mozart? Structural and environmental influences on infants' language networks."
"What ""works"" in working memory? Separate systems for selection and updating of critical information."
The effects of BDNF Val66Met polymorphism on brain function in controls and patients with multiple sclerosis: an imaging genetic study.
Modulation of neuronal activity after spinal cord stimulation for neuropathic pain; H(2)15O PET study.
Alertness in young healthy subjects: an fMRI study of brain region interactivity  enhanced by a warning signal.
Immaturities in reward processing and its influence on inhibitory control in adolescence.
Comprehension of degraded speech sounds with m-sequence modulation: an fMRI study.
A functional imaging investigation of moral deliberation and moral intuition.
The costs of monitoring simultaneously two sensory modalities decrease when dividing attention in space.
Baseline brain perfusion and the serotonin transporter promoter polymorphism.
Neural mechanisms of the influence of popularity on adolescent ratings of music.
Dissociation of neural networks for anticipation and consumption of monetary and  social rewards.
Single domain amnestic MCI: a multiple cognitive domains fMRI investigation.
Neural correlates of top-down letter processing.
Emotional priming effects during Stroop task performance.
Reduction of basal forebrain cholinergic system parallels cognitive impairment in patients at high risk of developing Alzheimer's disease.
The left superior temporal gyrus is a shared substrate for auditory short-term memory and speech comprehension: evidence from 210 patients with stroke.
A functional magnetic resonance imaging study of inhibitory control in obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Differential temporo-parietal cortical networks that support relational and item-based recency judgments.
Disrupted working memory circuitry and psychotic symptoms in 22q11.2 deletion syndrome☆
Gray matter density negatively correlates with duration of heroin use in young lifetime heroin-dependent individuals.
Effects of attention to auditory motion on cortical activations during smooth pursuit eye tracking.
Functional network interactions during sensorimotor synchronization in musicians  and non-musicians.
A functional and structural study of emotion and face processing in children with autism.
Phonological repetition-suppression in bilateral superior temporal sulci.
Marijuana craving in the brain.
Multisensory visual-tactile object related network in humans: insights gained using a novel crossmodal adaptation approach.
"Neural correlates of the ""Aha"" experiences: evidence from an fMRI study of insight problem solving."
Altered affective response in marijuana smokers: an FMRI study.
Cerebellothalamocortical connectivity regulates penetrance in dystonia.
Reduced prefrontal and orbitofrontal gray matter in female adolescents with borderline personality disorder: is it disorder specific?
Baseline and longitudinal patterns of hippocampal connectivity in mild cognitive impairment: evidence from resting state fMRI.
Effects of implied physical effort in sensory-motor and pre-frontal cortex during language comprehension.
Neural correlates of morphosyntactic and verb-argument structure processing: an EfMRI study.
Somatotopic organization of pain responses to direct electrical stimulation of the human insular cortex.
Neural correlates of priming effects in children during spoken word processing with orthographic demands.
An fMRI study of neuronal specificity of an acupoint: electroacupuncture stimulation of Yanglingquan (GB34) and its sham point.
Categorical and coordinate spatial relations in working memory: an fMRI study.
Common and segregated neural pathways for the processing of symbolic and nonsymbolic numerical magnitude: an fMRI study.
Neural correlates of appetite and hunger-related evaluative judgments.
Age-related changes in prefrontal cortex activity are associated with behavioural deficits in both temporal and spatial context memory retrieval in older adults.
An fMRI case report of photophobia: activation of the trigeminal nociceptive pathway.
Evidence of mirror neurons in human inferior frontal gyrus.
Amygdala responses to positively and negatively valenced baby faces in healthy female volunteers: influences of individual differences in harm avoidance.
Longitudinal changes in grey and white matter during adolescence.
Neural correlates of traditional Chinese medicine induced advantageous risk-taking decision making.
"Patterns of regional gray matter loss at different stages of schizophrenia: A multisite, cross-sectional VBM study in first-episode and chronic illness☆"
Effects of MDMA on sociability and neural response to social threat and social reward.
Gender difference in relationship between anxiety-related personality traits and  cerebral brain glucose metabolism.
Functional developmental changes underlying response inhibition and error-detection processes.
Mechanisms of working memory disruption by external interference.
Functional neuroanatomy of the encoding and retrieval processes of verbal episodic memory in MCI.
Neural systems supporting lexical search guided by letter and semantic category cues: a self-paced overt response fMRI study of verbal fluency.
The role of personal experience in the neural processing of action-related language.
The effect of acute tryptophan depletion on emotional distraction and subsequent  memory.
Cortical areas related to performance of WAIS Digit Symbol Test: a functional imaging study.
Learning and memory deficits in ecstasy users and their neural correlates during  a face-learning task.
Normative data on development of neural and behavioral mechanisms underlying attention orienting toward social-emotional stimuli: an exploratory study.
Increased ventral striatal BOLD activity during non-drug reward anticipation in cannabis users.
The somatosensory representation of the human clitoris: an fMRI study.
The relations between white matter and declarative memory in older children and adolescents.
An acute psychosocial stress enhances the neural response to smoking cues.
Individual differences in the theory of mind and superior temporal sulcus.
Attentional modulation of emotional stimulus processing in patients with major depression--alterations in prefrontal cortical regions.
On-line plasticity in spoken sentence comprehension: Adapting to time-compressed  speech.
Overlapping brain activity between episodic memory encoding and retrieval: roles  of the task-positive and task-negative networks.
Functional and structural brain correlates of theory of mind and empathy deficits in schizophrenia.
The effects of overfeeding on the neuronal response to visual food cues in thin and reduced-obese individuals.
COMT val108/158 met genotype affects neural but not cognitive processing in healthy individuals.
Chemosensory cues to conspecific emotional stress activate amygdala in humans.
Functional overlap between regions involved in speech perception and in monitoring one's own voice during speech production.
Dissociation of extrastriate body and biological-motion selective areas by manipulation of visual-motor congruency.
Low- and high-level motion perception deficits in anisometropic and strabismic amblyopia: evidence from fMRI.
Schizophrenia patients and their healthy siblings share disruption of white matter integrity in the left prefrontal cortex and the hippocampus but not the anterior cingulate cortex.
Brain activation during executive processes in schizophrenia.
Impairment of script comprehension in Lewy body spectrum disorders.
Imagery of a moving object: the role of occipital cortex and human MT/V5+.
Correct and erroneous picture naming responses in healthy subjects.
Dysfunctional brain circuitry in obsessive-compulsive disorder: source and coherence analysis of EEG rhythms.
Alterations in the processing of non-drug-related affective stimuli in abstinent  heroin addicts.
Motivational orientation modulates the neural response to reward.
Challenging the brain: Exploring the link between effort and cortical activation.
"Multisensory integration of sounds and vibrotactile stimuli in processing streams for ""what"" and ""where""."
Evaluative-feedback stimuli selectively activate the self-related brain area: an  fMRI study.
Encoding the future: successful processing of intentions engages predictive brain networks.
Reactivation of context-specific brain regions during retrieval.
Voxel-based gray and white matter morphometry correlates of hallucinations in schizophrenia: The superior temporal gyrus does not stand alone☆☆☆
Integration of iconic gestures and speech in left superior temporal areas boosts  speech comprehension under adverse listening conditions.
Structural magnetic resonance imaging predictors of responsiveness to cognitive behaviour therapy in psychosis.
Hippocampal contributions to the episodic simulation of specific and general future events.
"A common functional brain network for autobiographical, episodic, and semantic memory retrieval."
BDNF val66met polymorphism influences motor system function in the human brain.
Atrophy in two attention networks is associated with performance on a Flanker task in neurodegenerative disease.
Functional imaging studies of hyposmia in Parkinson's disease.
Traumatic brain injury affects the frontomedian cortex--an event-related fMRI study on evaluative judgments.
Neurobiological basis of failure to recall extinction memory in posttraumatic stress disorder.
Spatio-temporal dynamics of human intention understanding in temporo-parietal cortex: a combined EEG/fMRI repetition suppression paradigm.
The role of parietal cortex during sustained visual spatial attention.
Spontaneous activity in default-mode network predicts ascription of self-relatedness to stimuli.
Abnormal resting-state functional connectivity of posterior cingulate cortex in amnestic type mild cognitive impairment.
Functional neuroimaging of self-referential encoding with age.
Differential effects of eyes open or closed in darkness on brain activation patterns in blind subjects.
An evoked auditory response fMRI study of the effects of rTMS on putative AVH pathways in healthy volunteers.
Why do children make mirror errors in reading? Neural correlates of mirror invariance in the visual word form area.
Differential role of anterior prefrontal and premotor cortex in the processing of relational information.
Neural reward processing is modulated by approach- and avoidance-related personality traits.
High-field MRI reveals an acute impact on brain function in survivors of the magnitude 8.0 earthquake in China.
Autobiographical memory in semantic dementia: a longitudinal fMRI study.
Investigating the predictive value of whole-brain structural MR scans in autism:  a pattern classification approach.
Reorganization and enhanced functional connectivity of motor areas in repetitive  ankle movements after training in locomotor attention.
Neuroticism modulates amygdala-prefrontal connectivity in response to negative emotional facial expressions.
Distinct and overlapping functional zones in the cerebellum defined by resting state functional connectivity.
Neural circuits of hierarchical visuo-spatial sequence processing.
Sport expert's motor imagery: functional imaging of professional motor skills and simple motor skills.
Prefrontal function associated with impaired emotion recognition in patients with multiple sclerosis.
Activity in preserved left hemisphere regions predicts anomia severity in aphasia.
Neurofunctional correlates of personality traits in relapsing-remitting multiple  sclerosis: an fMRI study.
Abnormal resting-state functional connectivity patterns of the putamen in medication-naive children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.
Spatiotemporal reconstruction of the auditory steady-state response to frequency  modulation using magnetoencephalography.
"Medial temporal lobe activity during source retrieval reflects information type,  not memory strength."
Neural mechanisms of verb argument structure processing in agrammatic aphasic and healthy age-matched listeners.
The unrested resting brain: sleep deprivation alters activity within the default-mode network.
Addiction related alteration in resting-state brain connectivity.
Dissociation of the neural correlates of visual and auditory contextual encoding.
Cingulate activity and fronto-temporal connectivity in people with prodromal signs of psychosis.
Xenon-induced changes in CNS sensitization to pain.
Episodic memory in detoxified alcoholics: contribution of grey matter microstructure alteration.
Acoustic oddball during NREM sleep: a combined EEG/fMRI study.
Activation of the opioidergic descending pain control system underlies placebo analgesia.
Preferential amygdala reactivity to the negative assessment of neutral faces.
Search for a threatening target triggers limbic guidance of spatial attention.
Differential dorsolateral prefrontal cortex activation during a verbal n-back task according to sensory modality.
Simulated car driving in fMRI--Cerebral activation patterns driving an unfamiliar and a familiar route.
Dynamics of motor-related functional integration during motor sequence learning.
Neural mechanisms of cognitive reappraisal of negative self-beliefs in social anxiety disorder.
Automated detection of brain atrophy patterns based on MRI for the prediction of  Alzheimer's disease.
Neuronal correlates in the modulation of placebo analgesia in experimentally-induced esophageal pain: a 3T-fMRI study.
Neural correlates of inhibitory deficits in depression.
Women with a history of childhood maltreatment exhibit more activation in association areas following non-traumatic olfactory stimuli: a fMRI study.
The functional −1019C/G HTR1A polymorphism and mechanisms of fear
Imaging memory in temporal lobe epilepsy: predicting the effects of temporal lobe resection.
Working memory for vibrotactile frequencies: comparison of cortical activity in blind and sighted individuals.
Parkinson's disease and healthy aging: independent and interacting effects on action selection.
EEG measures index neural and cognitive recovery from sleep deprivation.
Effect of immunomodulatory medication on regional gray matter loss in relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis--a longitudinal MRI study.
Common neural systems associated with the recognition of famous faces and names:  an event-related fMRI study.
Primary and secondary rewards differentially modulate neural activity dynamics during working memory.
Cerebral activation associated with speech sound discrimination during the diotic listening task: an fMRI study.
Lapsing when sleep deprived: neural activation characteristics of resistant and vulnerable individuals.
Separating distinct aspects of the voluntary selection between response alternatives: N2- and P3-related BOLD responses.
Representation of the speech effectors in the human motor cortex: somatotopy or overlap?
The inferior parietal lobule and recognition memory: expectancy violation or successful retrieval?
Speaking in multiple languages: neural correlates of language proficiency in multilingual word production.
"An ""as soon as possible"" effect in human intertemporal decision making: behavioral evidence and neural mechanisms."
Action selection: a race model for selected and non-selected actions distinguishes the contribution of premotor and prefrontal areas.
Conflict and inhibition differentially affect the N200/P300 complex in a combined go/nogo and stop-signal task.
Altered activation and functional connectivity of neural systems supporting cognitive control of emotion in psychosis proneness.
Performance degradation and altered cerebral activation during dual performance:  evidence for a bottom-up attentional system.
Effects of age and sex on developmental neural networks of visual-spatial attention allocation.
Switching schizophrenia patients from typical neuroleptics to aripiprazole: effects on working memory dependent functional activation.
The changing face of emotion: age-related patterns of amygdala activation to salient faces.
Neural correlates of recognition memory for emotional faces and scenes.
Religious beliefs influence neural substrates of self-reflection in Tibetans.
The trait of sensory processing sensitivity and neural responses to changes in visual scenes.
fMRI response to negative words and SSRI treatment outcome in major depressive disorder: a preliminary study
Error effects in anterior cingulate cortex reverse when error likelihood is high.
Individual differences in dispositional mindfulness and brain activity involved in reappraisal of emotion.
The neural implementation of task rule activation in the task-cuing paradigm: an  event-related fMRI study.
Simulating neurocognitive aging: effects of a dopaminergic antagonist on brain activity during working memory.
Neurobiological correlates of problem gambling in a quasi-realistic blackjack scenario as revealed by fMRI.
Grey matter changes associated with host genetic variation and exposure to Herpes Simplex Virus 1 (HSV1) in first episode schizophrenia.
Reading about the actions of others: biological motion imagery and action congruency influence brain activity.
Common and distinct neural targets of treatment: changing brain function in substance addiction.
COMT Val(108/158)Met polymorphism effects on emotional brain function and negativity bias.
Spontaneous brain activity and EEG microstates. A novel EEG/fMRI analysis approach to explore resting-state networks.
Sleep deprivation impairs object-selective attention: a view from the ventral visual cortex.
Does low self-esteem enhance social pain? The relationship between trait self-esteem and anterior cingulate cortex activation induced by ostracism.
Putting the pieces together: the role of dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in relational memory encoding.
Behavioral activation system modulation on brain activation during appetitive and aversive stimulus processing.
Effects of low-field magnetic stimulation on brain glucose metabolism.
Cortical mechanisms for the segregation and representation of acoustic textures.
Mental hoop diaries: emotional memories of a college basketball game in rival fans.
On the wrong side of the trolley track: neural correlates of relative social valuation.
Rostral Cingulate Zone and correct response monitoring: ICA and source localization evidences for the unicity of correct- and error-negativities.
Neural correlates of stimulus-invariant decisions about motion in depth.
Working memory fMRI activation in cocaine-dependent subjects: association with treatment response.
Voxel-based morphometry comparison between first episodes of psychosis with and without evolution to schizophrenia.
Brain activation during the perception of distorted body images in eating disorders.
Differential fractional anisotropy abnormalities in adolescents with ADHD or schizophrenia.
Coherent motion processing in autism spectrum disorder (ASD): an fMRI study.
Dissociable connectivity within human angular gyrus and intraparietal sulcus: evidence from functional and structural connectivity.
Striatal prediction error modulates cortical coupling.
Internal and external features of the face are represented holistically in face-selective regions of visual cortex.
Evidence of gray matter reduction and dysfunction in chromosome 22q11.2 deletion  syndrome.
From agents to objects: sexist attitudes and neural responses to sexualized targets.
Binge drinking influences the cerebral processing of vocal affective bursts in young adults☆
Study-specific EPI template improves group analysis in functional MRI of young and older adults.
Functional connectivity to a right hemisphere language center in prematurely born adolescents.
Got it! Understanding the concept of a tool.
"Intrinsic functional connectivity of the periaqueductal gray, a resting fMRI study."
Within- and cross-participant classifiers reveal different neural coding of information.
Prosodic and narrative processing in American Sign Language: an fMRI study.
Level of processing modulates the neural correlates of emotional memory formation.
What does the right hemisphere know about phoneme categories?
The neural substrates of recognition memory for verbal information: spanning the  divide between short- and long-term memory.
Neural correlates of sublexical processing in phonological working memory.
Phonological neighborhood effects in spoken word production: an fMRI study.
Effect of task conditions on brain responses to threatening faces in social phobics: An event-related functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Distinct patterns of functional and structural neuroplasticity associated with learning Morse code.
Self-esteem modulates medial prefrontal cortical responses to evaluative social feedback.
"The ""visual word form area"" is involved in successful memory encoding of both words and faces."
How the brain handles temporally uncoupled bimanual movements.
Effects of category-specific costs on neural systems for perceptual decision-making.
Functional significance of striatal responses during episodic decisions: recovery or goal attainment?
Compensation and disease severity on the memory-related activations in mild cognitive impairment.
"Mirrored, imagined and executed movements differentially activate sensorimotor cortex in amputees with and without phantom limb pain."
Factors in sensory processing of prosody in schizotypal personality disorder: an  fMRI experiment.
How should I decide? The neural correlates of everyday moral reasoning.
Continuous motor sequence learning: cortical efficiency gains accompanied by striatal functional reorganization.
Identification of attention and cognitive control networks in a parametric auditory fMRI study.
Differential category learning processes: The neural basis of comparison-based learning and induction.
Regional Gray Matter Abnormalities in Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder: A Voxel-Based Morphometry Study
Neural correlates of forgiveness for moral transgressions involving deception.
Longitudinal characterization of white matter maturation during adolescence.
The power of charisma--perceived charisma inhibits the frontal executive network  of believers in intercessory prayer.
Altered connectivity between prefrontal and sensorimotor cortex in conversion paralysis.
Emotional complexity and the neural representation of emotion in motion.
Feeling anxious: anticipatory amygdalo-insular response predicts the feeling of anxious anticipation.
Interindividual differences in stress sensitivity: basal and stress-induced cortisol levels differentially predict neural vigilance processing under stress.
The effect of stimulus context on pitch representations in the human auditory cortex.
Right hemisphere dominance during spatial selective attention and target detection occurs outside the dorsal frontoparietal network.
Brain activation evidence for response conflict in the exclude recognition task.
Temporal pole activity during understanding other persons' mental states correlates with neuroticism trait.
Mental representations of action: the neural correlates of the verbal and motor components.
Neural correlates of using distancing to regulate emotional responses to social situations.
Bilateral functional asymmetry disparity in positive and negative schizophrenia revealed by resting-state fMRI.
"fMRI abnormalities in dorsolateral prefrontal cortex during a working memory task in manic, euthymic and depressed bipolar subjects."
On the role of object information in action observation: an fMRI study.
The effect of semantic relatedness on syntactic analysis: An fMRI study.
Chronic myofascial temporomandibular pain is associated with neural abnormalities in the trigeminal and limbic systems.
Temperament at 5 years of age predicts amygdala and orbitofrontal volume in the right hemisphere in adolescence.
Increased functional brain response during word retrieval in cognitively intact older adults at genetic risk for Alzheimer's disease.
The neural correlates of visuospatial perceptual and oculomotor extrapolation.
Cerebral asymmetries: complementary and independent processes.
Functional connectivity in fronto-subcortical circuitry during the resting state  in obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Decreased activation of lateral orbitofrontal cortex during risky choices under uncertainty is associated with disadvantageous decision-making and suicidal behavior.
Brain activity during bladder filling is related to white matter structural changes in older women with urinary incontinence.
Recomposing a fragmented literature: how conditional and relational arguments engage different neural systems for deductive reasoning.
No neural evidence of statistical learning during exposure to artificial languages in children with autism spectrum disorders.
Altered spontaneous neuronal activity of the default-mode network in mesial temporal lobe epilepsy.
Impairments in cognition and resting-state connectivity of the hippocampus in elderly subjects with type 2 diabetes.
The effects of gender and catechol O-methyltransferase (COMT) Val108/158Met polymorphism on emotion regulation in velo-cardio-facial syndrome (22q11.2 deletion syndrome): An fMRI study.
Diminished neural processing of aversive and rewarding stimuli during selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor treatment.
Age-related reorganization of functional networks for successful conflict resolution: a combined functional and structural MRI study.
Acupuncture needling sensation: the neural correlates of deqi using fMRI.
Power spectrum scale invariance quantifies limbic dysregulation in trait anxious  adults using fMRI: adapting methods optimized for characterizing autonomic dysregulation to neural dynamic time series
Evaluating functional localizers: the case of the FFA.
Learning to appreciate others: neural development of cognitive perspective taking.
Learning second language vocabulary: neural dissociation of situation-based learning and text-based learning.
The neural basis of agency: an fMRI study.
Speaking words in two languages with one brain: neural overlap and dissociation.
The functional anatomy of a perceptual decision in the human brain.
Real versus imagined locomotion: a [18F]-FDG PET-fMRI comparison.
fMRI-adaptation evidence of overlapping neural representations for objects related in function or manipulation.
Age-effects on associative object-location memory.
Neural correlates of incidental and directed facial emotion processing in adolescents and adults.
Functional neuroimaging of duration discrimination on two different time scales.
The time course of activity in dorsolateral prefrontal cortex and anterior cingulate cortex during top-down attentional control.
Compensatory mechanisms underlie intact task-switching performance in schizophrenia.
"Cycle and gender-specific cerebral activation during a verb generation task using fMRI: comparison of women in different cycle phases, under oral contraception, and men."
The effect of Neuregulin 1 on neural correlates of episodic memory encoding and retrieval.
The functional organisation of the fronto-temporal language system: evidence from syntactic and semantic ambiguity.
Functional abnormalities in normally appearing athletes following mild traumatic  brain injury: a functional MRI study.
Is our self nothing but reward? Neuronal overlap and distinction between reward and personal relevance and its relation to human personality.
Superior temporal activation as a function of linguistic knowledge: insights from deaf native signers who speechread.
Nicotine dependence is characterized by disordered reward processing in a network driving motivation.
Common and segregated neural substrates for automatic conceptual and affective priming as revealed by event-related functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Connectivity analysis reveals a cortical network for eye gaze perception.
"Shared and selective neural correlates of inhibition, facilitation, and shifting  processes during executive control."
Neural activity to a partner's facial expression predicts self-regulation after conflict.
Color Stroop and negative priming in schizophrenia: an fMRI study.
Sociotopy in the temporoparietal cortex: common versus distinct processes.
The role of inferior frontal and parietal areas in differentiating meaningful and meaningless object-directed actions.
Volition diminishes genetically mediated amygdala hyperreactivity.
Dissociating the contributions of independent corticostriatal systems to visual categorization learning through the use of reinforcement learning modeling and Granger causality modeling.
Sadness enhances the experience of pain via neural activation in the anterior cingulate cortex and amygdala: an fMRI study.
Alterations of resting state functional connectivity in the default network in adolescents with autism spectrum disorders.
Attention inhibition of early cortical activation to fearful faces.
Functional imaging of sympathetic activation during mental stress.
Abnormalities in neural processing of emotional stimuli in Williams syndrome vary according to social vs. non-social content.
A comparison of permutation and parametric testing for between group effective connectivity differences using DCM.
Anhedonia and emotional experience in schizophrenia: neural and behavioral indicators.
Neural processing of asynchronous audiovisual speech perception.
FMRI effective connectivity and TMS chronometry: complementary accounts of causality in the visuospatial judgment network.
The amodal system for conscious word and picture identification in the absence of a semantic task.
Effects of aging on default mode network activity in resting state fMRI: does the method of analysis matter?
"Behavioral, neuroimaging, and computational evidence for perceptual caching in repetition priming."
The effect of G72 genotype on neural correlates of memory encoding and retrieval.
Hierarchical rule switching in prefrontal cortex.
Impairment and compensation coexist in amnestic MCI default mode network.
Time-frequency dynamics of resting-state brain connectivity measured with fMRI.
Altered activation in association with reward-related trial-and-error learning in patients with schizophrenia.
Self-involvement modulates the effective connectivity of the autobiographical memory network.
Recollection versus strength as the primary determinant of hippocampal engagement at retrieval.
Intellectual enrichment is linked to cerebral efficiency in multiple sclerosis: functional magnetic resonance imaging evidence for cognitive reserve.
A unique role for the human amygdala in novelty detection.
The neural correlates of implicit and explicit self-relevant processing.
Neural processing of negative word stimuli concerning body image in patients with eating disorders: an fMRI study.
Global and local morphometric differences in recently abstinent methamphetamine-dependent individuals.
Multi-level comparison of empathy in schizophrenia: an fMRI study of a cartoon task.
Brain activations reflect individual discount rates in intertemporal choice.
Retest reliability of reward-related BOLD signals.
A neurosemantic theory of concrete noun representation based on the underlying brain codes.
High-field FMRI reveals brain activation patterns underlying saccade execution in the human superior colliculus.
Alteration of resting brain function by genetic variation in angiotensin converting enzyme in amnestic-type mild cognitive impairment of Chinese Han.
"Domain general change detection accounts for ""dishabituation"" effects in temporal-parietal regions in functional magnetic resonance imaging studies of speech perception."
Young adult smokers' neural response to graphic cigarette warning labels
Brain circuitry underlying pain in response to imagined movement in people with spinal cord injury.
Amygdala integrates emotional expression and gaze direction in response to dynamic facial expressions.
The brain-derived neurotrophic factor Val66Met polymorphism affects memory formation and retrieval of biologically salient stimuli.
Loss of control during instrumental learning: a source localization study.
"Dissociating the roles of the default-mode, dorsal, and ventral networks in episodic memory retrieval."
Salience maps in parietal cortex: imaging and computational modeling.
Hierarchical organization of human auditory cortex: evidence from acoustic invariance in the response to intelligible speech.
Brain regions involved in the learning and application of reward rules in a two-deck gambling task.
From EEG to BOLD: brain mapping and estimating transfer functions in simultaneous EEG-fMRI acquisitions.
Reward circuitry responsivity to food predicts future increases in body mass: moderating effects of DRD2 and DRD4.
Unification of sentence processing via ear and eye: an fMRI study.
Increased memory load-related frontal activation after estradiol treatment in postmenopausal women.
The brain's relevance detection network operates independently of stimulus modality.
Delineating self-referential processing from episodic memory retrieval: common and dissociable networks.
Smaller insula and inferior frontal volumes in young adults with pervasive developmental disorders.
The contribution of mesiofrontal cortex to the preparation and execution of repetitive syllable productions: an fMRI study.
Activation of the limbic system under 30% oxygen during a visuospatial task: an fMRI study.
Reduced anterior prefrontal cortex activation in young binge drinkers during a visual working memory task.
Self-related awareness and emotion regulation.
Differential processing of metacognitive evaluation and the neural circuitry of the self and others in schizophrenia: a pilot study.
"Face-identity change activation outside the face system: ""release from adaptation"" may not always indicate neuronal selectivity."
Alterations in regional homogeneity of resting-state brain activity in autism spectrum disorders.
Neural correlates of generating visual nouns and motor verbs in a minimal phrase  context.
Neural response to working memory load varies by dopamine transporter genotype in children.
Individual differences in auditory sentence comprehension in children: An exploratory event-related functional magnetic resonance imaging investigation.
The interaction of working memory and emotion in persons clinically at risk for psychosis: an fMRI pilot study.
A group independent component analysis of covert verb generation in children: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Auditory hallucinations in schizophrenia are associated with reduced functional connectivity of the temporo-parietal area.
Extensive video-game experience alters cortical networks for complex visuomotor transformations.
Neural correlates of episodic retrieval: an fMRI study of the part-list cueing effect.
COMT genotype and its role on hippocampal-prefrontal regions in declarative memory.
Understanding actors and object-goals in the human brain.
Attentional control activation relates to working memory in attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.
Neural response to the behaviorally relevant absence of anticipated outcomes and  the presentation of potentially harmful stimuli: A human fMRI study.
Chronic effects of cannabis use on the human reward system: an fMRI study.
Fronto-temporal dysregulation in asymptomatic bipolar I patients: a paired associate functional MRI study.
"Cerebral glucose metabolic response to combined total sleep deprivation and antidepressant treatment in geriatric depression: a randomized, placebo-controlled study."
Hierarchical organization of scripts: converging evidence from FMRI and frontotemporal degeneration.
Speech errors in progressive non-fluent aphasia.
Visual guidance modulates hemispheric asymmetries during an interlimb coordination task.
Functional neural networks underlying semantic encoding of associative memories.
Prefrontal control and predictors of cognitive behavioral therapy response in social anxiety disorder.
Neural basis of contagious itch and why some people are more prone to it.
Stochastic dynamic causal modeling of working memory connections in cocaine dependence.
Perception drives production across sensory modalities: A network for sensorimotor integration of visual speech.
Incidental Memory Encoding Assessed with Signal Detection Theory and Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging (fMRI).
Frontal White Matter Alterations in Short-Term Medicated Panic Disorder Patients  without Comorbid Conditions: A Diffusion Tensor Imaging Study.
Mapping Small-World Properties through Development in the Human Brain: Disruption in Schizophrenia.
When minds matter for moral judgment: intent information is neurally encoded for  harmful but not impure acts.
The neural basis of event simulation: an FMRI study.
"Prenatal cocaine exposure, illicit-substance use and stress and craving processes during adolescence."
Connecting to Create: Expertise in Musical Improvisation Is Associated with Increased Functional Connectivity between Premotor and Prefrontal Areas.
The effect of perceptual expectation on repetition suppression to faces is not modulated by variation in autistic traits.
Individual differences in the attentional blink: Evidence from the amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations in non-blinkers and blinkers.
Theory-of-mind-related neural activity for one's romantic partner predicts partner well-being.
"Spatiotemporal brain mapping during preparation, perception, and action."
Conflict monitoring in speech processing: An fMRI study of error detection in speech production and perception.
Bipolar and borderline patients display differential patterns of functional connectivity among resting state networks.
Abnormal brain activation during directed forgetting of negative memory in depressed patients.
Sex Differences in the Default Mode Network with Regard to Autism Spectrum Traits: A Resting State fMRI Study.
Neural mechanisms tracking popularity in real-world social networks.
Altered sensitization patterns to sweet food stimuli in patients recovered from anorexia and bulimia nervosa.
Frontal gray matter abnormalities predict seizure outcome in refractory temporal  lobe epilepsy patients.
Prefrontal cortex connectivity dysfunction in performing the Fist-Edge-Palm task  in patients with first-episode schizophrenia and non-psychotic first-degree relatives.
Less efficient and costly processes of frontal cortex in childhood chronic fatigue syndrome.
A preliminary evaluation of the correlation between regional energy phosphates and resting state functional connectivity in depression.
Emotional susceptibility trait modulates insula responses and functional connectivity in flavor processing.
Don't watch where you're going: The neural correlates of decoupling eye and arm movements.
Neural activation abnormalities during self-referential processing in schizophrenia: An fMRI study.
Altered regional and circuit resting-state activity associated with unilateral hearing loss.
Clinical correlations of microstructural changes in progressive supranuclear palsy.
Segregating attention from response control when performing a motor inhibition task: Segregating attention from response control.
Cultural influences on social feedback processing of character traits.
Alterations in Amygdala-Prefrontal Functional Connectivity Account for Excessive  Worry and Autonomic Dysregulation in Generalized Anxiety Disorder.
"Neuroanatomical anomalies of dyslexia: Disambiguating the effects of disorder, performance, and maturation."
Increased Frontal Response May Underlie Decreased Tinnitus Severity.
Abnormal striatal resting-state functional connectivity in adolescents with obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Neural Mechanism for Mirrored Self-face Recognition.
Fronto-striatal organization: Defining functional and microstructural substrates  of behavioural flexibility.
The origins of metamodality in visual object area LO: Bodily topographical biases and increased functional connectivity to S1.
Thinking about thinking: Neural mechanisms and effects on memory.
"Training-induced changes in subsequent-memory effects: No major differences among children, younger adults, and older adults."
Cannabis and cocaine decrease cognitive impulse control and functional corticostriatal connectivity in drug users with low activity DBH genotypes.
Syntactic processing is distributed across the language system.
Rapidly acquired multisensory association in the olfactory cortex.
Executive attention control and emotional responding in attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder--A functional MRI study.
Critical brain regions for tool-related and imitative actions: a componential analysis.
Impaired Frontal-Basal Ganglia Connectivity in Male Adolescents with Conduct Disorder.
Weak ventral striatal responses to monetary outcomes predict an unwillingness to  resist cigarette smoking.
Antidepressant short-term and long-term brain effects during self-referential processing in major depression.
Interaction among subsystems within default mode network diminished in schizophrenia patients: A dynamic connectivity approach.
BDNF Methylation and Maternal Brain Activity in a Violence-Related Sample.
Neural Substrates of Sexual Desire in Individuals with Problematic Hypersexual Behavior.
Dissonance-Based Eating Disorder Prevention Program Reduces Reward Region Response to Thin Models; How Actions Shape Valuation.
Neural correlates of executive attention in adults born very preterm.
Classifying individuals at high-risk for psychosis based on functional brain activity during working memory processing.
Structural neuroplasticity in expert pianists depends on the age of musical training onset.
The neural correlates of emotion alignment in social interaction.
Familiarity and priming are mediated by overlapping neural substrates.
Fluctuation amplitude and local synchronization of brain activity in the ultra-low frequency band: An fMRI investigation of continuous feedback of finger  force.
Preliminary findings demonstrating latent effects of early adolescent marijuana use onset on cortical architecture.
Network Centrality of Resting-State fMRI in Primary Angle-Closure Glaucoma Before and After Surgery.
Bilingualism at the core of the brain. Structural differences between bilinguals  and monolinguals revealed by subcortical shape analysis.
Transcranial alternating current stimulation affects the BOLD signal in a frequency and task-dependent manner.
The timing and precision of action prediction in the aging brain.
Prefrontal response and frontostriatal functional connectivity to monetary reward in abstinent alcohol-dependent young adults.
Altered memory-related functional connectivity of the anterior and posterior hippocampus in older adults at increased genetic risk for Alzheimer's disease.
Neural bases of accented speech perception.
A task-independent neural representation of subjective certainty in visual perception.
Neural Mechanisms Underlying Perilesional Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation in Aphasia: A Feasibility Study.
How the risky features of previous selection affect subsequent decision-making: evidence from behavioral and fMRI measures.
"Listening to music in a risk-reward context: The roles of the temporoparietal junction and the orbitofrontal/insular cortices in reward-anticipation, reward-gain, and reward-loss."
Experience of negative emotions in Parkinson's disease: An fMRI investigation.
Associations between polygenic risk for schizophrenia and brain function during probabilistic learning in healthy individuals.
Preschoolers' brains rely on semantic cues prior to the mastery of syntax during  sentence comprehension.
A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study to Investigate the Utility of a Picture Imagination Task in Investigating Neural Responses in Patients with Chronic Musculoskeletal Pain to Daily Physical
Fear from the heart: sensitivity to fear stimuli depends on individual heartbeats.
Disrupted sensorimotor and social-cognitive networks underlie symptoms in childhood-onset schizophrenia.
Fronto-temporal regions encode the manner of motion in spatial language.
Functional Activation during the Rapid Visual Information Processing Task in a Middle Aged Cohort: An fMRI Study.
Audio-visual synchrony modulates the ventriloquist illusion and its neural/spatial representation in the auditory cortex.
Role of the human retrosplenial cortex/parieto-occipital sulcus in perspective priming.
Abnormalities in personal space and parietal-frontal function in schizophrenia.
Default mode network segregation and social deficits in autism spectrum disorder: Evidence from non-medicated children.
Resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging of the subthalamic microlesion and stimulation effects in Parkinson's disease: Indications of a principal role of the brainstem.
Evidence Accumulation and Choice Maintenance Are Dissociated in Human Perceptual  Decision Making.
How native-like can you possibly get: fMRI evidence for processing accent.
Beyond the amygdala: Linguistic threat modulates peri-sylvian semantic access cortices.
"Fear across the senses: brain responses to music, vocalizations and facial expressions."
Load-related brain activation predicts spatial working memory performance in youth aged 9-12 and is associated with executive function at earlier ages.
Laterality effects in functional connectivity of the angular gyrus during rest and episodic retrieval.
Life stress in adolescence predicts early adult reward-related brain function and alcohol dependence.
The quality of adolescents' peer relationships modulates neural sensitivity to risk taking.
Resting-state functional network connectivity in prefrontal regions differs between unmedicated patients with bipolar and major depressive disorders.
Using High Spatial Resolution to Improve BOLD fMRI Detection at 3T.
Is it me? Verbal self-monitoring neural network and clinical insight in schizophrenia.
Brain activation during phonological and semantic processing of Chinese characters in deaf signers.
Cerebral asymmetry for language: Comparing production with comprehension.
A cross-linguistic evaluation of script-specific effects on fMRI lateralization in late second language readers.
Distant functional connectivity for bimanual finger coordination declines with aging: an fMRI and SEM exploration.
TMS to object cortex affects both object and scene remote networks while TMS to scene cortex only affects scene networks.
Haloperidol blocks dorsal striatum activity but not analgesia in a placebo paradigm.
Abnormal frontostriatal activity in recently abstinent cocaine users during implicit moral processing.
Altered cerebellar-amygdala connectivity in violent offenders: A resting-state fMRI study.
Adolescent risk-taking and resting state functional connectivity.
Feature diagnosticity affects representations of novel and familiar objects.
Functional and structural correlates of motor speed in the cerebellar anterior lobe.
The neural basis of integrating pre- and post-response information for goal-directed actions.
The Reference Ability Neural Network Study: Life-time stability of reference-ability neural networks derived from task maps of young adults.
Neural signals encoding shifts in beliefs.
Using executive control training to suppress amygdala reactivity to aversive information.
Neural substrates of shared attention as social memory: A hyperscanning functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Alterations of the emotional processing system may underlie preserved rapid reaction time in tinnitus.
Let the man choose what to do: Neural correlates of spontaneous lying and truth-telling.
"fMRI investigation of response inhibition, emotion, impulsivity, and clinical high-risk behavior in adolescents."
Decreased sleep duration is associated with increased fMRI responses to emotional faces in children.
All competition is not alike: neural mechanisms for resolving underdetermined and prepotent competition.
Converging effects of cocaine addiction and sex on neural responses to monetary rewards.
Ventral and Dorsal Striatum Networks in Obesity: Link to Food Craving and Weight  Gain.
Altered functional connectivity density in high myopia.
A Voxel-Based Morphometric MRI Study in Young Adults with Borderline Personality  Disorder.
Neural correlates of different self domains.
Disentangling introspective and exteroceptive attentional control from emotional  appraisal in depression using fMRI: A preliminary study.
Development of Impulse Control Circuitry in Children of Alcoholics.
Enhanced functional connectivity between sensorimotor and visual cortex predicts  covariation bias in spider phobia.
To like or not to like: Neural substrates of subjective flavor preferences.
Ventral striatum activity when watching preferred pornographic pictures is correlated with symptoms of Internet pornography addiction.
Language Universals Engage Broca's Area.
Effects of Insulin Detemir and NPH Insulin on Body Weight and Appetite-Regulating Brain Regions in Human Type 1 Diabetes: A Randomized Controlled Trial.
An fMRI study of perception and action in deaf signers.
Modulation of the default-mode network and the attentional network by self-referential processes in patients with disorder of consciousness.
EEG-informed fMRI analysis during a hand grip task: estimating the relationship between EEG rhythms and the BOLD signal.
Abnormalities in large scale functional networks in unmedicated patients with schizophrenia and effects of risperidone.
Classification of autistic individuals and controls using cross-task characterization of fMRI activity.
Efficacy of identifying neural components in the face and emotion processing system in schizophrenia using a dynamic functional localizer.
Electroconvulsive therapy increases temporal gray matter volume and cortical thickness.
Changes in resting functional connectivity during abstinence in stimulant use disorder: a preliminary comparison of relapsers and abstainers.
Semantic relation vs. surprise: The differential effects of related and unrelated co-verbal gestures on neural encoding and subsequent recognition.
Brain responses in humans reveal ideal observer-like sensitivity to complex acoustic patterns.
Gender differences in brain activity and the relationship between brain activity  and differences in prevalence rates between male and female major depressive disorder patients: A resting-state fMRI s
Cannabis use is quantitatively associated with nucleus accumbens and amygdala abnormalities in young adult recreational users.
Computational substrates of social norm enforcement by unaffected third parties.
Different roads to the same destination - The impact of impulsivity on decision-making processes under risk within a rewarding context in a healthy male sample.
Expert athletes activate somatosensory and motor planning regions of the brain when passively listening to familiar sports sounds.
Interaction between COMT Val(158)Met polymorphism and childhood adversity affects reward processing in adulthood.
Age-related changes in overcoming proactive interference in associative memory: The role of PFC-mediated executive control processes at retrieval.
The contribution of surprise to the prediction based modulation of fMRI responses.
Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuations in Multiple-Frequency Bands in Acute Mild Traumatic Brain Injury.
The spectral diversity of resting-state fluctuations in the human brain.
Resting-state low-frequency fluctuations reflect individual differences in spoken language learning.
Why Do Some Find it Hard to Disagree? An fMRI Study.
Seasonality in human cognitive brain responses.
Brain structure links everyday creativity to creative achievement.
From Pavlov to pain: How predictability affects the anticipation and processing of visceral pain in a fear conditioning paradigm.
When I am (almost) 64: The effect of normal ageing on implicit motor imagery in young elderlies.
Self processing in the brain: A paradigmatic fMRI case study with a professional  singer.
The clinical utility of fMRI for identifying covert awareness in the vegetative state: a comparison of sensitivity between 3T and 1.5T.
Alterations of functional connectivities from early to middle adulthood: Clues from multivariate pattern analysis of resting-state fMRI data.
The Brain Mechanisms Underlying the Perception of Pungent Taste of Capsaicin and  the Subsequent Autonomic Responses.
Neural Correlates of Morphological Processing: Evidence from Chinese.
Fear and Reward Circuit Alterations in Pediatric CRPS.
Decreased Intra- and Inter-Salience Network Functional Connectivity is Related to Trait Anxiety in Adolescents.
Differential neural control in early bilinguals and monolinguals during response  inhibition.
Individual attentional selection capacities are reflected in interhemispheric connectivity of the parietal cortex.
Altered Intrinsic Functional Brain Architecture in Children at Familial Risk of Major Depression.
Brain-based decoding of mentally imagined film clips and sounds reveals experience-based information patterns in film professionals.
Face-selective regions differ in their ability to classify facial expressions.
Binge drinking impacts dorsal striatal response during decision making in adolescents.
Resting state functional connectivity of the basal nucleus of Meynert in humans:  In comparison to the ventral striatum and the effects of age.
Developmental differences in hippocampal and cortical contributions to episodic retrieval.
Altered balance of functional brain networks in Schizophrenia.
Decreased functional connectivity density in pain-related brain regions of female migraine patients without aura.
Orbitofrontal and limbic signatures of empathic concern and intentional harm in the behavioral variant frontotemporal dementia.
Progression to deep sleep is characterized by changes to BOLD dynamics in sensory cortices.
Increased amygdala and visual cortex activity and functional connectivity towards stimulus novelty is associated with state anxiety.
Meta-analytically informed network analysis of resting state FMRI reveals hyperconnectivity in an introspective socio-affective network in depression.
Increases in the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex and decreases the rostral prefrontal cortex activation after-8 weeks of focused attention based mindfulness meditation.
Task-switching Cost and Intrinsic Functional Connectivity in the Human Brain: Toward Understanding Individual Differences in Cognitive Flexibility.
Functional Connectivity Estimated from Resting-State fMRI Reveals Selective Alterations in Male Adolescents with Pure Conduct Disorder.
Gray matter volume and executive functioning correlate with time since injury following mild traumatic brain injury.
Influence of Anodal Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) over the Right Angular Gyrus on Brain Activity during Rest.
Brain morphology in children with epilepsy and ADHD.
Left and right amygdala - mediofrontal cortical functional connectivity is differentially modulated by harm avoidance.
Age differences in behavioral and neural correlates of proactive interference: Disentangling the role of overall working memory performance.
Stimulus-Response Mappings Shape Inhibition Processes: A Combined EEG-fMRI Study  of Contextual Stopping.
Neural correlates of binding lyrics and melodies for the encoding of new songs.
The Effect of Disruption of Prefrontal Cortical Function with Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation on Visual Working Memory.
Altered brain activation in a reversal learning task unmasks adaptive changes in  cognitive control in writer's cramp.
Longitudinal assessment of default-mode brain function in aging.
Working Memory in Schizophrenia: Behavioral and Neural Evidence for Reduced Susceptibility to Item-Specific Proactive Interference.
Brain Activation of Identity Switching in Multiple Identity Tracking Task.
How learning shapes the empathic brain.
Role of the Insula and Vestibular System in Patients with Chronic Subjective Dizziness: An fMRI Study Using Sound-Evoked Vestibular Stimulation.
Neural correlates of abnormal sensory discrimination in laryngeal dystonia.
Intrinsic medial temporal lobe connectivity relates to individual differences in  episodic autobiographical remembering.
Longitudinal changes in resting-state fMRI from age 5 to age 6years covary with language development.
Modulation of meso-limbic reward processing by motivational tendencies in young adolescents and adults.
Neural correlates of state-based decision-making in younger and older adults.
Neural dynamics necessary and sufficient for transition into pre-sleep induced by EEG NeuroFeedback.
"Overlapping neural response to the pain or harm of people, animals, and nature."
Enhancing Motor Network Activity Using Real-Time Functional MRI Neurofeedback of  Left Premotor Cortex.
"Haptically Guided Grasping. fMRI Shows Right-Hemisphere Parietal Stimulus Encoding, and Bilateral Dorso-Ventral Parietal Gradients of Object- and Action-Related Processing during Grasp Execution."
Lateral and Medial Ventral Occipitotemporal Regions Interact During the Recognition of Images Revealed from Noise.
Discovering the structure of mathematical problem solving.
"Externalizing personality traits, empathy, and gray matter volume in healthy young drinkers."
Developmental refinement of cortical systems for speech and voice processing.
Functional and anatomical dissociation between the orthographic lexicon and the orthographic buffer revealed in reading and writing Chinese characters by fMRI.
Framing deductive reasoning with emotional content: An fMRI study.
Memory-Guided Attention: Independent Contributions of the Hippocampus and Striatum.
Activation of frontoparietal attention networks by non-predictive gaze and arrow  cues.
The relationship between cortical thickness and body mass index differs between women with anorexia nervosa and healthy controls.
Graph-theoretical analysis of resting-state fMRI in pediatric obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Inferior frontal cortex activity is modulated by reward sensitivity and performance variability.
Do not think about pain: Neural correlates of attention guiding during visual symptom provocation in dental phobia-An fMRI study.
Behavioral and Neural Plasticity of Ocular Motor Control: Changes in Performance  and fMRI Activity Following Antisaccade Training.
Nucleus accumbens response to rewards and testosterone levels are related to alcohol use in adolescents and young adults.
FTO gene variant modulates the neural correlates of visual food perception.
On Known Unknowns: Fluency and the Neural Mechanisms of Illusory Truth.
Effects of Manganese Exposure on Olfactory Functions in Teenagers: A Pilot Study.
Neurostructural abnormalities associated with axes of emotion dysregulation in generalized anxiety.
Cortical thinning in the anterior cingulate cortex predicts multiple sclerosis patients' fluency performance in a lateralised manner.
Functional connectivity of the amygdala and subgenual cingulate during cognitive  reappraisal of emotions in children with MDD history is associated with rumination.
The effects of gratitude expression on neural activity.
Are you gonna leave me? Separation anxiety is associated with increased amygdala  responsiveness and volume.
Delays in Human-Computer Interaction and Their Effects on Brain Activity.
Bimodal bilingualism as multisensory training?: Evidence for improved audiovisual speech perception after sign language exposure.
Reward value enhances post-decision error-related activity in the cingulate cortex.
Processing of decision-making and social threat in patients with history of suicidal attempt: A neuroimaging replication study.
Sustained attention to spontaneous thumb sensations activates brain somatosensory and other proprioceptive areas.
Atypical cortical gyrification in adolescents with histories of heavy prenatal alcohol exposure.
Age-Related Differences in Spatial Frequency Processing during Scene Categorization.
Brain Regions Associated to a Kinesthetic Illusion Evoked by Watching a Video of  One's Own Moving Hand.
Facial Emotion Recognition in Parkinson's Disease: An fMRI Investigation.
Working-memory endophenotype and dyslexia-associated genetic variant predict dyslexia phenotype.
The Muller-Lyer illusion affects visuomotor updating in the dorsal visual stream.
Simultaneous EEG-fMRI: Trial level spatio-temporal fusion for hierarchically reliable information discovery.
Dysfunctional resting-state connectivities of brain regions with structural deficits in drug-naive first-episode schizophrenia adolescents.
Imbalanced hippocampal functional networks associated with remitted geriatric depression and apolipoprotein E epsilon4 allele in nondemented elderly: a preliminary study.
Neural correlates of psychological resilience and their relation to life satisfaction in a sample of healthy young adults.
Brain imaging signatures of the relationship between epidermal nerve fibers and heat pain perception.
Observing accidental and intentional unusual actions is associated with different subregions of the medial frontal cortex.
Single-dose serotonergic stimulation shows widespread effects on functional brain connectivity.
Cortisol awakening response predicts intrinsic functional connectivity of the medial prefrontal cortex in the afternoon of the same day.
Dissociating dynamic probability and predictability in observed actions-an fMRI study.
The left amygdala: A shared substrate of alexithymia and empathy.
Changes of functional connectivity in the left frontoparietal network following aphasic stroke.
Crossmodal enhancement in the LOC for visuohaptic object recognition over development.
Self-Orientation Modulates the Neural Correlates of Global and Local Processing.
Cerebral Inefficient Activation in Schizophrenia Patients and Their Unaffected Parents during the N-Back Working Memory Task: A Family fMRI Study.
Motivated Memories: Effects of Reward and Recollection in the Core Recollection Network and Beyond.
Neural valuation of environmental resources.
Breakdown of the striatal-default mode network loop in schizophrenia.
Linking inter-individual differences in the perceptual load effect to spontaneous brain activity.
Parietal and Frontal Cortex Encode Stimulus-Specific Mnemonic Representations during Visual Working Memory.
"Familial risk and ADHD-specific neural activity revealed by case-control, discordant twin pair design."
Left middle frontal gyrus response to inhibitory errors in children prospectively predicts early problem substance use.
Short-Term Memory for Space and Time Flexibly Recruit Complementary Sensory-Biased Frontal Lobe Attention Networks.
Neural Basis of Psychological Growth following Adverse Experiences: A Resting-State Functional MRI Study.
Effects of healthy ageing on activation pattern within the primary motor cortex during movement and motor imagery: an fMRI study.
Inter-individual differences in the experience of negative emotion predict variations in functional brain architecture.
Functional Organization of the Action Observation Network in Autism: A Graph Theory Approach.
Altered source memory retrieval is associated with pathological doubt in obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Different strategies in solving series completion inductive reasoning problems: An fMRI and computational study.
Complex sensorimotor transformation processes required for response selection are facilitated by the striatum.
Evidence for rostro-caudal functional organization in multiple brain areas related to goal-directed behavior.
Source analysis of stimulus-preceding negativity constrained by functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Comparison of structural covariance with functional connectivity approaches exemplified by an investigation of the left anterior insula.
Validating the Why/How contrast for functional MRI studies of Theory of Mind.
Off-line consolidation of motor sequence learning results in greater integration  within a cortico-striatal functional network.
From perceptual to lexico-semantic analysis--cortical plasticity enabling new levels of processing.
Provocation of symmetry/ordering symptoms in Anorexia nervosa: a functional neuroimaging study.
Cerebellar BOLD signal during the acquisition of a new lexicon predicts its early consolidation.
The impact of motivation on race-based impression formation.
Word tones cueing morphosyntactic structure: Neuroanatomical substrates and activation time-course assessed by EEG and fMRI.
Neural correlates and network connectivity underlying narrative production and comprehension: A combined fMRI and PET study.
Muscle co-activity tuning in Parkinsonian hand movement: disease-specific changes at behavioral and cerebral level.
On the existence of a generalized non-specific task-dependent network.
The relevance of fractional amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation to interference effect.
Functional connectivity indicates differential roles for the intraparietal sulcus and the superior parietal lobule in multiple object tracking.
Nodal centrality of functional network in the differentiation of schizophrenia.
Intrinsic brain indices of verbal working memory capacity in children and adolescents.
Achromatic synesthesias - A functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Differences in fMRI intersubject correlation while viewing unedited and edited videos of dance performance.
Numerosity processing is context driven even in the subitizing range: An fMRI study.
Aberrant orbitofrontal connectivity in marijuana smoking adolescents.
The Impact of Accelerated Right Prefrontal High-Frequency Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) on Cue-Reactivity: An fMRI Study on Craving in Recently Detoxified Alcohol-Dependent Patie
Dissociation in borderline personality disorder: Disturbed cognitive and emotional inhibition and its neural correlates.
Altered medial prefrontal activity during dynamic face processing in schizophrenia spectrum patients
Visual processing of optic flow and motor control in the human posterior cingulate sulcus.
Reducing Individual Variation for fMRI Studies in Children by Minimizing Template Related Errors.
Neural substrates of child irritability in typically developing and psychiatric populations.
Objects Mediate Goal Integration in Ventrolateral Prefrontal Cortex during Action Observation.
"The role of the amygdala in the perception of positive emotions: an ""intensity detector""."
Ongoing activity in temporally coherent networks predicts intra-subject fluctuation of response time to sporadic executive control demands.
"A group ICA based framework for evaluating resting fMRI markers when disease categories are unclear: application to schizophrenia, bipolar, and schizoaffective disorders."
Brains striving for coherence: Long-term cumulative plot formation in the default mode network.
Earlier adolescent substance use onset predicts stronger connectivity between reward and cognitive control brain networks.
Are the carrot and the stick the two sides of same coin? A neural examination of  approach/avoidance motivation during cognitive performance.
AICHA: An atlas of intrinsic connectivity of homotopic areas.
Brain areas associated with force steadiness and intensity during isometric ankle dorsiflexion in men and women.
Facilitation of emotion regulation with a single dose of escitalopram: A randomized fMRI study.
Hippocampal activity mediates the relationship between circadian activity rhythms and memory in older adults.
Cerebellar vermis contributes to the extinction of conditioned fear.
The impact of eye closure on somatosensory perception in the elderly.
Probing the Interoceptive Network by Listening to Heartbeats: An fMRI Study.
Spontaneous Activity Associated with Delusions of Schizophrenia in the Left Medial Superior Frontal Gyrus: A Resting-State fMRI Study.
Increased resting-state functional connectivity of visual- and cognitive-control  brain networks after training in children with reading difficulties.
Increases in frontostriatal connectivity are associated with response to dorsomedial repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in refractory binge/purge behaviors.
Parietal dysfunction during number processing in children with fetal alcohol spectrum disorders.
Negative Urgency Mediates the Relationship between Amygdala and Orbitofrontal Cortex Activation to Negative Emotional Stimuli and General Risk-Taking.
Brain networks of affective mentalizing revealed by the tear effect: The integrative role of the medial prefrontal cortex and precuneus.
Abnormal Social Reward Responses in Anorexia Nervosa: An fMRI Study.
Affective state and locus of control modulate the neural response to threat.
Resting spontaneous activity in the default mode network predicts performance decline during prolonged attention workload.
Neural activity patterns evoked by a spouse's incongruent emotional reactions when recalling marriage-relevant experiences.
Default mode network connectivity during task execution.
Relationship between the catechol-O-methyl transferase Val108/158Met genotype and brain volume in treatment-naive major depressive disorder: Voxel-based morphometry analysis.
Age-related Differences in the Neural Bases of Phonological and Semantic Processes.
Examining the neural correlates of emergent equivalence relations in fragile X syndrome.
Impaired learning from errors in cannabis users: Dorsal anterior cingulate cortex and hippocampus hypoactivity.
Mapping Thalamocortical Functional Connectivity in Chronic and Early Stages of Psychotic Disorders.
Cerebral Correlates of Abnormal Emotion Conflict Processing in Euthymic Bipolar Patients: A Functional MRI Study.
Effects of aging on value-directed modulation of semantic network activity during verbal learning.
Detecting tones in complex auditory scenes.
Striatal-cerebellar networks mediate consolidation in a motor sequence learning task: An fMRI study using dynamic causal modelling.
Disruptions in Resting State Functional Connectivity and Cerebral Blood Flow in Mild Traumatic Brain Injury Patients.
Effects of post-extinction l-DOPA administration on the spontaneous recovery and  reinstatement of fear in a human fMRI study.
Decoding illusory self-location from activity in the human hippocampus.
The relation of structural integrity and task-related functional connectivity in  the aging brain.
An fMRI study of visual lexical decision in patients with schizophrenia and clinical high-risk individuals.
Visual search in depth: The neural correlates of segmenting a display into relevant and irrelevant three-dimensional regions.
Neural activity changes in unaffected children of patients with schizophrenia: A  resting-state fMRI study.
Effective connectivity in the neural network underlying coarse-to-fine categorization of visual scenes. A dynamic causal modeling study.
Reduced neural differentiation between self-referential cognitive and emotional processes in women with borderline personality disorder.
Hyperactivation to pleasant interoceptive stimuli characterizes the transition to stimulant addiction.
Neural correlates associated with symptom provocation in pediatric obsessive compulsive disorder after a single session of sham-controlled repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation.
Brain substrates of recovery from misleading influence.
Neural correlates of self-referential processing and implicit self-associations in chronic depression.
Neural correlates of merging number words.
Extrastriate Visual Areas Integrate Form Features over Space and Time to Construct Representations of Stationary and Rigidly Rotating Objects.
Local Activity and Causal Connectivity in Children with Benign Epilepsy with Centrotemporal Spikes.
"Repetitive speech elicits widespread deactivation in the human cortex: the ""Mantra"" effect?"
Frontal-medial temporal interactions mediate transitions among representational states in short-term memory.
Neural Correlates of Empathy with Pain Show Habituation Effects. An fMRI Study.
"Effects of imaging modalities, brain atlases and feature selection on prediction  of Alzheimer's disease."
fMRI neurofeedback of amygdala response to aversive stimuli enhances prefrontal-limbic brain connectivity.
Memory's aging echo: Age-related decline in neural reactivation of perceptual details during recollection.
BASCO: a toolbox for task-related functional connectivity.
Sex commonalities and differences in the relationship between resilient personality and the intrinsic connectivity of the salience and default mode networks.
Mechanisms of hemispheric lateralization: Asymmetric interhemispheric recruitment in the face perception network.
Ventral fronto-parietal contributions to the disruption of visual working memory  storage.
Habitual suppression relates to difficulty in regulating emotion with cognitive reappraisal.
Adolescent neurodevelopment of cognitive control and risk-taking in negative family contexts.
Disrupted prefrontal activity during emotion processing in complicated grief: An  fMRI investigation.
Testing the antidepressant properties of the peptide ARA290 in a human neuropsychological model of drug action.
Neural structures involved in visual search guidance by reward-enhanced contextual cueing of the target location.
The impact of age on prefrontal cortex integrity during spatial working memory retrieval.
Left ventral occipitotemporal activation during orthographic and semantic processing of auditory words.
Neural responses to kindness and malevolence differ in illness and recovery in women with anorexia nervosa.
Effects of social sustainability signaling on neural valuation signals and taste-experience of food products.
Crossmodal Adaptation in Right Posterior Superior Temporal Sulcus during Face-Voice Emotional Integration.
Neural signal during immediate reward anticipation in schizophrenia: Relationship to real-world motivation and function.
Structural and physiological MRI correlates of occult cerebrovascular disease in  late-onset epilepsy.
Effects of acute tryptophan depletion on raphe functional connectivity in depression.
Differential therapeutic effects of 12-week treatment of atomoxetine and methylphenidate on drug-naive children with attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder: A counting Stroop functional MRI study.
"Shall I compare thee: The neural basis of literary awareness, and its benefits  to cognition."
Double-letter processing in surface dyslexia and dysgraphia following a left temporal lesion: A multimodal neuroimaging study.
Aberrant brain responses to emotionally valent words is normalised after cognitive behavioural therapy in female depressed adolescents.
Brain Correlates of Self-Evaluation Deficits in Schizophrenia: A Combined Functional and Structural MRI Study.
Dose-Dependent Effects of Theta Burst rTMS on Cortical Excitability and Resting-State Connectivity of the Human Motor System.
Brain activation to negative stimuli mediates a relationship between adolescent marijuana use and later emotional functioning.
Negative emotions facilitate isometric force through activation of prefrontal cortex and periaqueductal gray.
Superior memorizers employ different neural networks for encoding and recall.
Altered connectivity of the dorsal and ventral visual regions in dyslexic children: a resting-state fMRI study.
Brain Activation of Negative Feedback in Rule Acquisition Revealed in a Segmented Wisconsin Card Sorting Test.
Broca's region and Visual Word Form Area activation differ during a predictive Stroop task.
Investigating the functions of subregions within anterior hippocampus.
Amygdala perfusion is predicted by its functional connectivity with the ventromedial prefrontal cortex and negative affect.
Effects of haloperidol and aripiprazole on the human mesolimbic motivational system: A pharmacological fMRI study.
Mapping 3-year changes in gray matter and metabolism in Abeta-positive nondemented subjects.
The fMRI BOLD response to unisensory and multisensory smoking cues in nicotine-dependent adults.
FMRI evidence for the involvement of the procedural memory system in morphological processing of a second language.
Reprint of: Visual processing of words in a patient with visual form agnosia: A behavioural and fMRI study.
The neural basis of humour comprehension and humour appreciation: The roles of the temporoparietal junction and superior frontal gyrus.
Hypoactivation in right inferior frontal cortex is specifically associated with motor response inhibition in adult ADHD.
"Distinct contributions of lateral orbito-frontal cortex, striatum, and fronto-parietal network regions for rule encoding and control of memory-based implementation during instructed reversal learning."
Central pain processing in chronic chemotherapy-induced peripheral neuropathy: a  functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
An engineered glove for investigating the neural correlates of finger movements using functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Nonlinear complexity analysis of brain FMRI signals in schizophrenia.
Predicting better performance on a college preparedness test from narrative comprehension at the age of 6 years: An fMRI study.
Antisaccade-related brain activation in children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder--A pilot study.
Patterns of effective connectivity during memory encoding and retrieval differ between patients with mild cognitive impairment and healthy older adults.
Classification of self-driven mental tasks from whole-brain activity patterns.
Dorsomedial striatum involvement in regulating conflict between current and presumed outcomes.
Altered processing of self-related emotional stimuli in mindfulness meditators.
Behavioral activation can normalize neural hypoactivation in subthreshold depression during a monetary incentive delay task.
Emotional context modulates embodied metaphor comprehension.
Altered resting perfusion and functional connectivity of default mode network in  youth with autism spectrum disorder.
Human cortical areas involved in perception of surface glossiness.
Neural correlates of reward processing in healthy siblings of patients with schizophrenia.
Changes in functional connectivity related to direct training and generalization  effects of a word finding treatment in chronic aphasia.
Convergence of EEG and fMRI measures of reward anticipation.
How sound symbolism is processed in the brain: a study on Japanese mimetic words.
Neural mechanisms underlying conscious and unconscious attentional shifts triggered by eye gaze.
Sex-related neuroanatomical basis of emotion regulation ability.
Development of a selective left-hemispheric fronto-temporal network for processing syntactic complexity in language comprehension.
Retrieval Goal Modulates Memory for Context.
The Neural Correlates of Shoulder Apprehension: A Functional MRI Study.
Functional connectivity between the cerebrum and cerebellum in social cognition:  A multi-study analysis.
Cannabis use in early adolescence: Evidence of amygdala hypersensitivity to signals of threat.
Representational content of occipitotemporal and parietal tool areas.
Functionally integrated neural processing of linguistic and talker information: An event-related fMRI and ERP study.
Pain inhibits pain; human brainstem mechanisms.
Hierarchical error representation in medial prefrontal cortex.
Decoupled temporal variability and signal synchronization of spontaneous brain activity in loss of consciousness: An fMRI study in anesthesia.
Buffering effect of positive parent-child relationships on adolescent risk taking: A longitudinal neuroimaging investigation.
A Neurocomputational Account of How Inflammation Enhances Sensitivity to Punishments Versus Rewards.
Brain structure and function correlates of cognitive subtypes in schizophrenia.
Patterns of neural response in scene-selective regions of the human brain are affected by low-level manipulations of spatial frequency.
Neural differences between monolinguals and early bilinguals in their native language during comprehension.
Identification of the regions involved in phonological assembly using a novel paradigm.
Coping with Self-Threat and the Evaluation of Self-Related Traits: An fMRI Study.
Alterations of Regional Cerebral Blood Flow in Tinnitus Patients as Assessed Using Single-Photon Emission Computed Tomography.
Intranetwork and internetwork functional connectivity alterations in post-traumatic stress disorder.
Maternal response to child affect: Role of maternal depression and relationship quality.
The neural basis of a deficit in abstract thinking in patients with schizophrenia.
Abnormal Resting-State Connectivity at Functional MRI in Women with Premenstrual  Syndrome.
Frontolimbic functioning during threat-related attention: Relations to early behavioral inhibition and anxiety in children.
Correlating Gray Matter Volume with Individual Difference in the Flanker Interference Effect.
Comparison of obese adults with poor versus good sleep quality during a functional neuroimaging delay discounting task: A pilot study.
Dissecting the functional anatomy of auditory word repetition.
The representation of order information in auditory-verbal short-term memory.
Increased prefrontal and parietal cortical thickness does not correlate with anhedonia in patients with untreated first-episode major depressive disorders.
Abnormal degree centrality of functional hubs associated with negative coping in  older Chinese adults who lost their only child.
Neuroimaging of the joint Simon effect with believed biological and non-biological co-actors.
Gambling on visual performance: neural correlates of metacognitive choice between visual lotteries.
Physiological brainstem mechanisms of trigeminal nociception: An fMRI study at 3T.
Resting-state connectivity of the amygdala predicts response to cognitive behavioral therapy in obsessive compulsive disorder.
Decreased inhibitory control of negative information in directed forgetting.
Aberrant functional connectivity of resting state networks associated with trait  anxiety.
Functional fractionation of the stimulus-driven attention network.
Cortical thickness in adults with agenesis of the corpus callosum.
Motor loop dysfunction causes impaired cognitive sequencing in patients suffering from Parkinson's disease.
SNARC meets SPARC in fMRI--Interdependence of compatibility effects depends on semantic content.
Memory accumulation mechanisms in human cortex are independent of motor intentions.
Right fronto-limbic atrophy is associated with reduced empathy in refractory unilateral mesial temporal lobe epilepsy.
A pilot study investigating changes in neural processing after mindfulness training in elite athletes.
Anticipatory processes in brain state switching - Evidence from a novel cued-switching task implicating default mode and salience networks.
Regional homogeneity of spontaneous brain activity in adult patients with obsessive-compulsive disorder before and after cognitive behavioural therapy.
Altered Functional Connectivity in Patients with Subcortical Vascular Cognitive Impairment--A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study.
The integration of the internal and external milieu in the insula during dynamic  emotional experiences.
Neural correlates of reflection on actual versus ideal self-discrepancy.
Money talks: neural substrate of modulation of fairness by monetary incentives.
Brain functional connectivity changes in children that differ in impulsivity temperamental trait.
Expressive suppression and neural responsiveness to nonverbal affective cues.
Neurobiological underpinnings of sensation seeking trait in heroin abusers.
Control-related frontal-striatal function is associated with past suicidal ideation and behavior in patients with recent-onset psychotic major mood disorders.
When sentences live up to your expectations.
Improved FastICA algorithm in fMRI data analysis using the sparsity property of the sources.
Mental imagery of speech implicates two mechanisms of perceptual reactivation.
Determining the precise cerebral response to acupuncture: an improved FMRI study.
Degree connectivity in body dysmorphic disorder and relationships with obsessive  and compulsive symptoms.
A Putative Multiple-Demand System in the Macaque Brain.
Crossmodal Processing of Haptic Inputs in Sighted and Blind Individuals.
Whispering - The hidden side of auditory communication.
Neurocomputational mechanisms of prosocial learning and links to empathy.
Neural correlates of restrained eaters' high susceptibility to food cues: An fMRI study.
Different association between intentionality competence and prefrontal volume in  left- and right-handers.
Neural signatures of experience-based improvements in deterministic decision-making.
Comparison of brain activation patterns during executive function tasks in hoarding disorder and non-hoarding OCD.
Reduction of motion-related artifacts in resting state fMRI using aCompCor.
Brain networks of temporal preparation: A multiple regression analysis of neuropsychological data.
Functional brain and age-related changes associated with congruency in task switching.
A perfusion fMRI investigation of thematic and categorical context effects in the spoken production of object names.
Theta oscillations integrate functionally segregated sub-regions of the medial prefrontal cortex.
Neural Correlates of Fear of Movement in Patients with Chronic Low Back Pain vs.  Pain-Free Individuals.
Disrupted functional connectivity in adolescent obesity.
Regional homogeneity of intrinsic brain activity correlates with auditory-motor processing of vocal pitch errors.
Assessment of Cortical Dysfunction in Patients with Intermittent Exotropia: An fMRI Study.
Amplitude of Sensorimotor Mu Rhythm Is Correlated with BOLD from Multiple Brain Regions: A Simultaneous EEG-fMRI Study.
Neural correlates of envy: Regional homogeneity of resting-state brain activity predicts dispositional envy.
Tracking cognitive processing stages with MEG: A spatio-temporal model of associative recognition in the brain.
Prognostic value of imbalanced interhemispheric functional coordination in early  therapeutic efficacy in major depressive disorder.
Abnormal functional connectivity density in children with anisometropic amblyopia at resting-state.
Characterizing individual differences in functional connectivity using dual-regression and seed-based approaches.
Neural Activation during Anticipation of Near Pain-Threshold Stimulation among the Pain-Fearful.
Relationship between Parental Feeding Practices and Neural Responses to Food Cues in Adolescents.
Effect of Mild Thyrotoxicosis on Performance and Brain Activations in a Working Memory Task.
When transparency is opaque: Effects of diacritic marks and vowel letters on dyslexic Hebrew readers.
Sensitivity to biomechanical limitations during postural decision-making depends  on the integrity of posterior superior parietal cortex.
The Brain Effective Connectivity of Chinese during Rhyming Task.
Functional deficit of the medial prefrontal cortex during emotional sentence attribution in schizophrenia.
Attention Network Dysfunction in Bulimia Nervosa - An fMRI Study.
Parsing the Behavioral and Brain Mechanisms of Third-Party Punishment.
Noise Reduction in Arterial Spin Labeling Based Functional Connectivity Using Nuisance Variables.
Episodic specificity induction impacts activity in a core brain network during construction of imagined future experiences.
Identifying Core Affect in Individuals from fMRI Responses to Dynamic Naturalistic Audiovisual Stimuli.
Activation of the Human MT Complex by Motion in Depth Induced by a Moving Cast Shadow.
Chemosensory anxiety cues enhance the perception of fearful faces - An fMRI study.
Retrieved emotional context influences hippocampal involvement during recognition of neutral memories.
"Dough, tough, cough, rough: A ""fast"" fMRI localizer of component processes in reading."
Working memory load influences perceptual ambiguity by competing for fronto-parietal attentional resources.
Behavioral and neural inhibitory control moderates the effects of reward sensitivity on adolescent substance use.
Functional organization of the language network in three- and six-year-old children.
The neural bases of the learning and generalization of morphological inflection.
An energy-efficient intrinsic functional organization of human working memory: A  resting-state functional connectivity study.
Altered local activity and functional connectivity of the anterior cingulate cortex in elderly individuals with subthreshold depression.
The link between callous-unemotional traits and neural mechanisms of reward processing: An fMRI study.
"Impulsivity, aggression and brain structure in high and low lethality suicide attempters with borderline personality disorder."
The BDNF Val66Met Polymorphism Influences Reading Ability and Patterns of Neural  Activation in Children.
Accuracy of automated classification of major depressive disorder as a function of symptom severity.
Cortical and subcortical brain alterations in Juvenile Absence Epilepsy.
Early visual deprivation from congenital cataracts disrupts activity and functional connectivity in the face network.
"Left posterior-dorsal area 44 couples with parietal areas to promote speech fluency, while right area 44 activity promotes the stopping of motor responses."
Self-Other Mergence in the Frontal Cortex during Cooperation and Competition.
Relation between functional connectivity and rhythm discrimination in children who do and do not stutter.
Neural effects of methylphenidate and nicotine during smooth pursuit eye movements.
"The effects of an action's ""age-of-acquisition"" on action-sentence processing."
Differential roles for parietal and frontal cortices in fixed versus evolving temporal expectations: Dissociating prior from posterior temporal probabilities with fMRI.
Anticipatory reward processing among cocaine-dependent individuals with and without concurrent methadone-maintenance treatment: Relationship to treatment response.
Multiple white matter volume reductions in patients with panic disorder: relationships between orbitofrontal Gyrus volume and symptom severity and social  dysfunction.
Health and Pleasure in Consumers' Dietary Food Choices: Individual Differences in the Brain's Value System.
Reduced spontaneous neuronal activity in the insular cortex and thalamus in healthy adults with insomnia symptoms.
Using motor imagery to study the neural substrates of dynamic balance.
Effects of a spaceflight analog environment on brain connectivity and behavior.
Distinct regions of anterior cingulate cortex signal prediction and outcome evaluation.
Mapping the cortical representation of speech sounds in a syllable repetition task.
Differential mesolimbic and prefrontal alterations during reward anticipation and consummation in positive and negative schizotypy.
Atypical within- and between-hemisphere motor network functional connections in children with developmental coordination disorder and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.
Ventral striatal hyperconnectivity during rewarded interference control in adolescents with ADHD.
"Preliminary investigation of the relationships between sleep duration, reward circuitry function, and mood dysregulation in youth offspring of parents with bipolar disorder."
Elevated Amygdala Perfusion Mediates Developmental Sex Differences in Trait Anxiety.
"Hidden sources of joy, fear, and sadness: Explicit versus implicit neural processing of musical emotions."
Facing mixed emotions: Analytic and holistic perception of facial emotion expressions engages separate brain networks.
Contradictory reasoning network: an EEG and FMRI study.
Platelet serotonin transporter function predicts default-mode network activity.
The Cognitive Side of M1.
Comparing the Neural Correlates of Conscious and Unconscious Conflict Control in  a Masked Stroop Priming Task.
Sex Differences in the Neural Correlates of Specific and General Autobiographical Memory.
Doubt in the Insula: Risk Processing in Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder.
Demonstration and validation of a new pressure-based MRI-safe pain tolerance device.
Neural correlates of mindful self-awareness in mindfulness meditators and meditation-naive subjects revisited.
Temporo-parietal connectivity uniquely predicts reading change from childhood to  adolescence.
Exploring the anatomical encoding of voice with a mathematical model of the vocal system.
Working memory dysfunction associated with brain functional deficits and cellular metabolic changes in patients with generalized anxiety disorder.
Altered spontaneous neural activity in the occipital face area reflects behavioral deficits in developmental prosopagnosia.
Impact of Short Social Training on Prosocial Behaviors: An fMRI Study.
The occipital place area represents first-person perspective motion information through scenes.
Modular structure of functional networks in olfactory memory.
The development of human amygdala functional connectivity at rest from 4 to 23years: A cross-sectional study.
Visual dorsal stream is associated with Chinese reading skills: A resting-state fMRI study.
Neural representations of magnitude for natural and rational numbers.
Striatal activation as a neural link between cognitive and perceptual flexibility.
Resting-state functional MRI of abnormal baseline brain activity in young depressed patients with and without suicidal behavior.
fMRI evidence of equivalent neural suppression by repetition and prior knowledge.
Resting-state fMRI evidence for early episodic memory consolidation: effects of age.
Attenuated anticorrelation between the default and dorsal attention networks with aging: evidence from task and rest.
Moral competence and brain connectivity: A resting-state fMRI study.
The Neural Substrates Underlying the Implementation of Phonological Rule in Lexical Tone Production: An fMRI Study of the Tone 3 Sandhi Phenomenon in Mandarin Chinese.
Regional Coherence Alterations Revealed by Resting-State fMRI in Post-Stroke Patients with Cognitive Dysfunction.
Behavioral and neuroimaging responses induced by mental imagery of threatening scenarios.
"Motor and mental training in older people: Transfer, interference, and associated functional neural responses."
Semantic congruence affects hippocampal response to repetition of visual associations.
Prefrontal mechanisms in preference and non-preference-based judgments.
The neural underpinnings of reading skill in deaf adults.
Differential Activation in Amygdala and Plasma Noradrenaline during Colorectal Distention by Administration of Corticotropin-Releasing Hormone between Healthy Individuals and Patients with Irritable B
Attention Modulates Neural Responses to Unpredictable Emotional Faces in Dorsolateral Prefrontal Cortex.
Competition between Visual Events Modulates the Influence of Salience during Free-Viewing of Naturalistic Videos.
Combining Real-Time fMRI Neurofeedback Training of the DLPFC with N-Back Practice Results in Neuroplastic Effects Confined to the Neurofeedback Target Region.
"Attention Diversion Improves Response Inhibition of Immediate Reward, But Only When it Is Beneficial: An fMRI Study."
Effects of adaptation on numerosity decoding in the human brain.
The face of negative affect: trial-by-trial corrugator responses to negative pictures are positively associated with amygdala and negatively associated with ventromedial prefrontal cortex activity.
Dissecting hemisphere-specific contributions to visual spatial imagery using parametric brain mapping.
Delineating the cortico-striatal-cerebellar network in implicit motor sequence learning.
The Neural Bases of Disgust for Cheese: An fMRI Study.
Mentalizing in schizophrenia: A multivariate functional MRI study.
Effectiveness of cognitive-coping therapy and alteration of resting-state brain function in obsessive-compulsive disorder.
"Common neural substrates for ordinal representation in short-term memory, numerical and alphabetical cognition."
Functional and Structural Neuroplasticity Induced by Short-Term Tactile Training  Based on Braille Reading.
Concept typicality responses in the semantic memory network.
Brain Connectivity Changes in Autosomal Recessive Parkinson Disease: A Model for  the Sporadic Form.
The neural bases of proactive and reactive control processes in normal aging.
Neuroprotective effects of testosterone treatment in men with multiple sclerosis.
Resting state connectivity of the human habenula at ultra-high field.
Central Pain Processing in Early-Stage Parkinson's Disease: A Laser Pain fMRI Study.
Frontal Lobe Hemodynamic Responses to Painful Stimulation: A Potential Brain Marker of Nociception.
A neural mechanism of cognitive control for resolving conflict between abstract task rules.
"Modulating intrinsic connectivity: adjacent subregions within supplementary motor cortex, dorsolateral prefrontal cortex, and parietal cortex connect to separate functional networks during task and al"
Neuroticism related differences in the functional neuroanatomical correlates of multitasking. An fMRI study.
Neural effects of mental fatigue caused by continuous attention load: a magnetoencephalography study.
A negative relationship between ventral striatal loss anticipation response and impulsivity in borderline personality disorder.
Brain Changes in Responders vs. Non-Responders in Chronic Migraine: Markers of Disease Reversal.
Influence of Temporal Expectations on Response Priming by Subliminal Faces.
My Body Looks Like That Girl's: Body Mass Index Modulates Brain Activity during Body Image Self-Reflection among Young Women.
Specifically altered brain responses to threat in generalized anxiety disorder relative to social anxiety disorder and panic disorder.
Disruptions in neural connectivity associated with reduced susceptibility to a depth inversion illusion in youth at ultra high risk for psychosis.
Difference in Activity in the Supplementary Motor Area Depending on Limb Combination of Hand-Foot Coordinated Movements.
"Recognition of the semantics and kinematics of gestures: Neural responses to ""what"" and ""how""?"
"Recruitment of Language-, Emotion- and Speech-Timing Associated Brain Regions for Expressing Emotional Prosody: Investigation of Functional Neuroanatomy with fMRI."
Human sensory cortex structure and top-down controlling brain network determine individual differences in perceptual alternations.
Altered intrinsic functional connectivity of the salience network in childhood absence epilepsy.
Loss of lateral prefrontal cortex control in food-directed attention and goal-directed food choice in obesity.
Age-related alterations in functional connectivity patterns during working memory encoding of emotional items.
The neural correlates of age effects on verbal-spatial binding in working memory.
Patterns of neural activity predict picture-naming performance of a patient with  chronic aphasia.
Effects of outcome on the covariance between risk level and brain activity in adolescents with internet gaming disorder.
"Novelty Seeking, Harm Avoidance, and Cerebral Responses to Conflict Anticipation: An Exploratory Study."
Empirical validation of directed functional connectivity.
Prediction of Biological Motion Perception Performance from Intrinsic Brain Network Regional Efficiency.
Interaction Effects of BDNF and COMT Genes on Resting-State Brain Activity and Working Memory.
Somatic and Reinforcement-Based Plasticity in the Initial Stages of Human Motor Learning.
Neural Correlates of Contrast and Humor: Processing Common Features of Verbal Irony.
A functional magnetic resonance imaging investigation of theory of mind impairments in patients with temporal lobe epilepsy.
Altered Effective Connectivity of the Primary Motor Cortex in Stroke: A Resting-State fMRI Study with Granger Causality Analysis.
Aversive stimuli exacerbate defensive motor behaviour in motor conversion disorder.
Development of the Intrinsic Language Network in Preschool Children from Ages 3 to 5 Years.
Lower neighborhood quality in adolescence predicts higher mesolimbic sensitivity  to reward anticipation in adulthood.
Neural substrates of sublexical processing for spelling.
"Amygdala and dlPFC abnormalities, with aberrant connectivity and habituation in response to emotional stimuli in females with BPD."
Behavioral and Neural Sustained Attention Deficits in Bipolar Disorder and Familial Risk of Bipolar Disorder.
Group Membership Modulates the Neural Circuitry Underlying Third Party Punishment.
The Desire for Amputation or Paralyzation: Evidence for Structural Brain Anomalies in Body Integrity Identity Disorder (BIID).
Early grey matter changes in structural covariance networks in Huntington's disease.
Modelling psychiatric and cultural possession phenomena with suggestion and fMRI.
How Attention Modulates Encoding of Dynamic Stimuli.
Arousal Rather than Basic Emotions Influence Long-Term Recognition Memory in Humans.
Adolescent neural response to reward is related to participant sex and task motivation.
Functional connectivity during masked and unmasked face emotion processing in bipolar disorder.
Amygdala-prefrontal cortical functional connectivity during implicit emotion processing differentiates youth with bipolar spectrum from youth with externalizing disorders.
"Structural brain abnormalities in a single gene disorder associated with epilepsy, language impairment and intellectual disability."
Parametric modulation of reward sequences during a reversal task in ACC and VMPFC but not amygdala and striatum.
Altered Effective Connectivity among Core Neurocognitive Networks in Idiopathic Generalized Epilepsy: An fMRI Evidence.
Intrusive Memories of Distressing Information: An fMRI Study.
Posterior Superior Temporal Sulcus Responses Predict Perceived Pleasantness of Skin Stroking.
"The Good, the bad, and the just: justice sensitivity predicts neural response during moral evaluation of actions performed by others."
Cognitive Slowing in Gulf War Illness Predicts Executive Network Hyperconnectivity: Study in a Population-Representative Sample.
Disorder-specific characteristics of borderline personality disorder with co-occurring depression and its comparison with major depression: An fMRI study with emotional interference task.
Alpha oscillation neurofeedback modulates amygdala complex connectivity and arousal in posttraumatic stress disorder.
Mental representations of vowel features asymmetrically modulate activity in superior temporal sulcus.
Changes of grey matter volume in first-episode drug-naive adult major depressive  disorder patients with different age-onset.
The retrieval of perceptual memory details depends on right hippocampal integrity and activation.
Neural bases of the adaptive mechanisms associated with reciprocal partner choice.
Functional abnormalities of the right posterior insula are related to the altered self-experience in schizophrenia.
Neural substrates of the development of cognitive control in children ages 5-10 years.
Charting the effects of TMS with fMRI: Modulation of cortical recruitment within  the distributed network supporting semantic control.
Bilateral parietal contributions to spatial language.
Overlapping representations for grip type and reach direction.
Maternal parenting behavior and emotion processing in adolescents-An fMRI study.
Acute stress increases risky decisions and dampens prefrontal activation among adolescent boys.
Improved estimates for the role of grey matter volume and GABA in bistable perception.
How the brain processes violations of the grammatical norm: An fMRI study.
Absence of visual experience modifies the neural basis of numerical thinking.
Cerebral bases of emotion regulation toward odours: A first approach.
Cooperation in mind: Motor imagery of joint and single actions is represented in  different brain areas.
Default Mode and Executive Networks Areas: Association with the Serial Order in Divergent Thinking.
Altered BOLD response during inhibitory and error processing in adolescents with  anorexia nervosa.
Ambiguity aversion in schizophrenia: An fMRI study of decision-making under risk  and ambiguity.
Cerebral neural correlates of differential melanopic photic stimulation in humans.
Pattern of activation during delayed matching to sample task predicts functional  outcome in people at ultra high risk for psychosis.
Corticolimbic dysfunction during facial and prosodic emotional recognition in first-episode psychosis patients and individuals at ultra-high risk.
"Broca Pars Triangularis Constitutes a ""Hub"" of the Language-Control Network during Simultaneous Language Translation."
"High Frequency Migraine Is Associated with Lower Acute Pain Sensitivity and Abnormal Insula Activity Related to Migraine Pain Intensity, Attack Frequency, and Pain Catastrophizing."
Evaluation of Handwriting Movement Kinematics: From an Ecological to a Magnetic Resonance Environment.
Organizing heterogeneous samples using community detection of GIMME-derived resting state functional networks.
The parietal memory network activates similarly for true and associative false recognition elicited via the DRM procedure.
Hippocampus activation related to 'real-time' processing of visuospatial change.
Perception of Emotional Facial Expressions in Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS) at Behavioural and Brain Metabolic Level.
Reward vs. Retaliation-the Role of the Mesocorticolimbic Salience Network in Human Reactive Aggression.
Neural mechanisms of time-based prospective memory: evidence for transient monitoring.
Altered Brain Connectivity in Early Postmenopausal Women with Subjective Cognitive Impairment.
The effect of aging on the brain network for exception word reading.
Neural activation associated with the cognitive emotion regulation of sadness in  healthy children.
Uncovering the neural mechanisms underlying learning from tests.
"The association of serotonin receptor 3A methylation with maternal violence exposure, neural activity, and child aggression."
The network substrate of confabulatory tendencies in Alzheimer's disease.
A resting-state fMRI study on early-stage drug-naive Parkinson's disease patients with drooling.
Amygdala-based intrinsic functional connectivity and anxiety disorders in adolescents and young adults.
Overlapping effects of age on associative memory and the anterior hippocampus from middle to older age.
Effects of craving behavioral intervention on neural substrates of cue-induced craving in Internet gaming disorder.
An image-invariant neural response to familiar faces in the human medial temporal lobe.
What's the gist? The influence of schemas on the neural correlates underlying true and false memories.
Resting-State Time-Varying Analysis Reveals Aberrant Variations of Functional Connectivity in Autism.
Classification of cirrhotic patients with or without minimal hepatic encephalopathy and healthy subjects using resting-state attention-related network analysis.
Altered functional connectivity during self- and close other-reflection in patients with bipolar disorder with past psychosis and patients with schizophrenia.
Neural stress reactivity relates to smoking outcomes and differentiates between mindfulness and cognitive-behavioral treatments.
Framing memories: How the retrieval query format shapes the neural bases of remembering.
Source modeling of ElectroCorticoGraphy (ECoG) data: Stability analysis and spatial filtering.
"Vigilance in the laboratory predicts avoidance in the real world: A dimensional analysis of neural, behavioral, and ecological momentary data in anxious youth."
Working memory filtering continues to develop into late adolescence.
fMRI neurofeedback of higher visual areas and perceptual biases.
Regional correlations between cortical thickness and surface area asymmetries: A  surface-based morphometry study of 250 adults.
Cortical pattern separation and item-specific memory encoding.
Memory and functional brain differences in a national sample of U.S. veterans with Gulf War Illness.
The differential effect of trigeminal vs. peripheral pain stimulation on visual processing and memory encoding is influenced by pain-related fear.
"Higher Language Ability is Related to Angular Gyrus Activation Increase During Semantic Processing, Independent of Sentence Incongruency."
Effects of 12 Months Continuous Positive Airway Pressure on Sympathetic Activity  Related Brainstem Function and Structure in Obstructive Sleep Apnea.
Changes in visual perspective influence brain activity patterns during cognitive  perspective-taking of other people's pain.
Association of familial risk for schizophrenia with thalamic and medial prefrontal functional connectivity during attentional control.
Chinese Character and English Word processing in children's ventral occipitotemporal cortex: fMRI evidence for script invariance.
Imbalanced spontaneous brain activity in orbitofrontal-insular circuits in individuals with cognitive vulnerability to depression.
The Yin and the Yang of Prediction: An fMRI Study of Semantic Predictive Processing.
Look who's judging-Feedback source modulates brain activation to performance feedback in social anxiety.
Saccadic Eye Movements in Anorexia Nervosa.
Increased ventro-medial prefrontal activations in schizophrenia smokers during cigarette cravings.
Altered striatal intrinsic functional connectivity in pediatric anxiety.
Neural basis of reward anticipation and its genetic determinants.
Behavioral contagion during learning about another agent's risk-preferences acts  on the neural representation of decision-risk.
Assessment of trait anxiety and prediction of changes in state anxiety using functional brain imaging: A test-retest study.
Task-positive and task-negative networks and their relation to depression: EEG beamformer analysis.
Sex-specific neural activity when resolving cognitive interference in individuals with or without prior internalizing disorders.
Frontoparietal function in young people with dysthymic disorder (DSM-5: Persistent depressive disorder) during spatial working memory.
Brain effects of computer-assisted cognitive remediation therapy in anorexia nervosa: A pilot fMRI study.
Disrupted amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations in antipsychotic-naive adolescents with early-onset schizophrenia.
Mindful attention to breath regulates emotions via increased amygdala-prefrontal  cortex connectivity.
"Neuronal interactions in areas of spatial attention reflect avoidance of disgust, but orienting to danger."
Putamen-related regional and network functional deficits in first-episode schizophrenia with auditory verbal hallucinations.
Plastic modulation of episodic memory networks in the aging brain with cognitive  decline.
Functional independence in resting-state connectivity facilitates higher-order cognition.
"Longitudinal development of frontoparietal activity during feedback learning: Contributions of age, performance, working memory and cortical thickness."
Characteristics of Resting-State Functional Connectivity in HIV-Associated Neurocognitive Disorder.
Developmental trajectories of cerebral blood flow and oxidative metabolism at baseline and during working memory tasks.
Automaticity and localisation of concurrents predicts colour area activity in grapheme-colour synaesthesia.
Increased superior frontal gyrus activation during working memory processing in psychosis: Significant relation to cumulative antipsychotic medication and to negative symptoms.
"Processing demands upon cognitive, linguistic, and articulatory functions promote grey matter plasticity in the adult multilingual brain: Insights from simultaneous interpreters."
Unfolding the Spatial and Temporal Neural Processing of Making Dishonest Choices.
Disruptions in brain networks of older fallers are associated with subsequent cognitive decline: a 12-month prospective exploratory study.
Young and Middle-Aged Schoolteachers Differ in the Neural Correlates of Memory Encoding and Cognitive Fatigue: A Functional MRI Study.
Neurobiology of knowledge and misperception of lyrics.
Modulating rest-break length induces differential recruitment of automatic and controlled attentional processes upon task reengagement.
Neural representations of novel objects associated with olfactory experience.
Does Older Adults' Cognitive Function Disrupt the Malleability of Their Attitudes toward Outgroup Members?: An fMRI Investigation.
Neural signatures of second language learning and control.
Strategies for tonal and atonal musical interpretation in blind and normally sighted children: an fMRI study.
The neural basis of involuntary episodic memories.
Classifying the wandering mind: Revealing the affective content of thoughts during task-free rest periods.
Spatially distributed effects of mental exhaustion on resting-state FMRI networks.
The Self-Pleasantness Judgment Modulates the Encoding Performance and the Default Mode Network Activity.
SPARK: Sparsity-based analysis of reliable k-hubness and overlapping network structure in brain functional connectivity.
Neural correlates of training and transfer effects in working memory in older adults.
Functional and structural cerebral changes in key brain regions after a facilitation programme for episodic future thought in relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis patients.
Unique insula subregion resting-state functional connectivity with amygdala complexes in posttraumatic stress disorder and its dissociative subtype.
Lies that feel honest: Dissociating between incentive and deviance processing when evaluating dishonesty.
Cortical abnormalities in Parkinson's disease patients and relationship to depression: A surface-based morphometry study.
Trait Anxiety Modulates Brain Activity during Performance of Verbal Fluency Tasks.
Positive Allosteric Modulator of GABA Lowers BOLD Responses in the Cingulate Cortex.
Fronto-Limbic Brain Dysfunction during the Regulation of Emotion in Schizophrenia.
Modality specificity in the cerebro-cerebellar neurocircuitry during working memory.
Functional neuroanatomy of spatial sound processing in Alzheimer's disease.
Effect of motor imagery in children with unilateral cerebral palsy: FMRI study.
"Enhanced peripheral visual processing in congenitally deaf humans is supported by multiple brain regions, including primary auditory cortex."
"Cortical Thickness, Surface Area and Subcortical Volume Differentially Contribute to Cognitive Heterogeneity in Parkinson's Disease."
The Structural Correlates of Statistical Information Processing during Speech Perception.
Multisensory Part-based Representations of Objects in Human Lateral Occipital Cortex.
Fusiform Gyrus Laterality in Writing Systems with Different Mapping Principles: An Artificial Orthography Training Study.
Hurt but still alive: Residual activity in the parahippocampal cortex conditions  the recognition of familiar places in a patient with topographic agnosia.
Language structure in the brain: A fixation-related fMRI study of syntactic surprisal in reading.
"Functional Anatomy of Recognition of Chinese Multi-Character Words: Convergent Evidence from Effects of Transposable Nonwords, Lexicality, and Word Frequency."
Neuronal correlates of personal space intrusion in violent offenders.
The Brain Network of Naming: A Lesson from Primary Progressive Aphasia.
Hippocampal functional connectivity and episodic memory in early childhood.
Sexually dimorphic brain volume interaction in college-aged binge drinkers.
Neural correlates of processing harmonic expectancy violations in children and adolescents with OCD.
Phonological markers of information structure: An fMRI study.
Voluntary control of anterior insula and its functional connections is feedback-independent and increases pain empathy.
A large scale (N=102) functional neuroimaging study of error processing in a Go/NoGo task.
Reliability of Task-Based fMRI for Preoperative Planning: A Test-Retest Study in  Brain Tumor Patients and Healthy Controls.
How do negative emotions impair self-control? A neural model of negative urgency.
Competing against a familiar friend: Interactive mechanism of the temporo-parietal junction with the reward-related regions during episodic encoding.
Hand gestures as visual prosody: BOLD responses to audio-visual alignment are modulated by the communicative nature of the stimuli.
Look into my eyes: Investigating joint attention using interactive eye-tracking and fMRI in a developmental sample.
Increased Grey Matter Associated with Long-Term Sahaja Yoga Meditation: A Voxel-Based Morphometry Study.
Importance of human right inferior frontoparietal network connected by inferior branch of superior longitudinal fasciculus tract in corporeal awareness of kinesthetic illusory movement.
Frequency-dependent alterations in regional homogeneity in major depression.
Functional Connectivity of the Caudal Anterior Cingulate Cortex Is Decreased in Autism.
Machine Learning Classification of Cirrhotic Patients with and without Minimal Hepatic Encephalopathy Based on Regional Homogeneity of Intrinsic Brain Activity.
Meta-analysis of functional neuroimaging studies indicates that an increase of cognitive difficulty during executive tasks engages brain regions associated with time perception.
Causal relationship between effective connectivity within the default mode network and mind-wandering regulation and facilitation.
Parietal cortex mediates perceptual Gestalt grouping independent of stimulus size.
The first day is always the hardest: Functional connectivity during cue exposure  and the ability to resist smoking in the initial hours of a quit attempt.
Effects of Hormone Therapy on Brain Volumes Changes of Postmenopausal Women Revealed by Optimally-Discriminative Voxel-Based Morphometry.
Seeking Optimal Region-Of-Interest (ROI) Single-Value Summary Measures for fMRI Studies in Imaging Genetics.
Testosterone Administration Related Differences in Brain Activation during the Ultimatum Game.
Parietal plasticity after training with a complex video game is associated with individual differences in improvements in an untrained working memory task.
Cerebral activations related to audition-driven performance imagery in professional musicians.
Altered network topologies and hub organization in adults with autism: a resting-state FMRI study.
Expectations impact short-term memory through changes in connectivity between attention- and task-related brain regions.
Resting-State Coupling between Core Regions within the Central-Executive and Salience Networks Contributes to Working Memory Performance.
Visuomotor Dissociation in Cerebral Scaling of Size.
"Klinefelter syndrome has increased brain responses to auditory stimuli and motor  output, but not to visual stimuli or Stroop adaptation."
Correlation between amygdala BOLD activity and frontal EEG asymmetry during real-time fMRI neurofeedback training in patients with depression.
Written distractor words influence brain activity during overt picture naming.
"Characterizing ""fibrofog"": Subjective appraisal, objective performance, and task-related brain activity during a working memory task."
Alterations in Cortical Sensorimotor Connectivity following Complete Cervical Spinal Cord Injury: A Prospective Resting-State fMRI Study.
Neural correlates for aesthetic appraisal of pictograph and its referent: An fMRI study.
Brain activity changes in cognitive networks in relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis - insights from a longitudinal FMRI study.
Impact of task-related changes in heart rate on estimation of hemodynamic response and model fit.
P300 amplitude variation is related to ventral striatum BOLD response during gain and loss anticipation: An EEG and fMRI experiment.
Neural correlates of self-perceptions in adolescents with major depressive disorder.
Functional Correlates of childhood maltreatment and symptom severity during affective theory of mind tasks in chronic depression.
The neural signature of escalating frustration in humans.
Structural and functional cerebral correlates of hypnotic suggestibility.
Amplitude of low frequency fluctuations during resting state predicts social well-being.
Increased frontal functional networks in adult survivors of childhood brain tumors.
Altered default mode and fronto-parietal network subsystems in patients with schizophrenia and their unaffected siblings.
Velocity Selective Networks in Human Cortex Reveal Two Functionally Distinct Auditory Motion Systems.
Power spectrum scale invariance as a neural marker of cocaine misuse and altered  cognitive control.
Involvement of the human medial temporal lobe in a visual discrimination task.
Inter-hemispheric plasticity in patients with median nerve injury.
Does the sound of a barking dog activate its corresponding visual form? An fMRI investigation of modality-specific semantic access.
Connectome hubs at resting state in children and adolescents: Reproducibility and psychopathological correlation.
Neural Processing of Emotional Musical and Nonmusical Stimuli in Depression.
Alterations in regional homogeneity of resting-state brain activity in patients with major depressive disorder screening positive on the 32-item hypomania checklist (HCL-32).
Neural mechanisms underlying the impact of daylong cognitive work on economic decisions.
The functional oculomotor network and saccadic cognitive control in healthy elders.
"Predictability of what or where reduces brain activity, but a bottleneck occurs when both are predictable."
"Neural Processing of Familiar and Unfamiliar Children's Faces: Effects of Experienced Love Withdrawal, but No Effects of Neutral and Threatening Priming."
Cultural influences on neural basis of inhibitory control.
Interplay between functional connectivity and scale-free dynamics in intrinsic fMRI networks.
Neural correlates of retaliatory and prosocial reactions to social exclusion: Associations with chronic peer rejection.
Uncertainty and expectancy deviations require cortico-subcortical cooperation.
Perceptual demand and distraction interactions mediated by task-control networks.
Neural activity during self-referential working memory and the underlying role of the amygdala in social anxiety disorder.
Age-dependent differences in brain tissue microstructure assessed with neurite orientation dispersion and density imaging.
Neural mechanisms of goal-contingent task disengagement: Response-irrelevant stimuli activate the default mode network.
Modulation of Auditory Spatial Attention by Angry Prosody: An fMRI Auditory Dot-Probe Study.
Altered Brain Network in Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis: A Resting Graph Theory-Based Network Study at Voxel-Wise Level.
Age-related differences in the neural correlates of trial-to-trial variations of  reaction time.
Altered neuronal spontaneous activity correlates with glutamate concentration in  medial prefrontal cortex of major depressed females: An fMRI-MRS study.
Dissociation of quantifiers and object nouns in speech in focal neurodegenerative disease.
On neural correlates of individual differences in novel grammar learning: An fMRI study.
Sentence processing in anterior superior temporal cortex shows a social-emotional bias.
The imitation game: Effects of social cues on 'imitation' are domain-general in nature.
"Words in Context: The Effects of Length, Frequency, and Predictability on Brain Responses During Natural Reading."
Facing competition: Neural mechanisms underlying parallel programming of antisaccades and prosaccades.
Striatal activation reflects urgency in perceptual decision making.
Ventromedial Prefrontal Cortex Is Critical for the Regulation of Amygdala Activity in Humans.
Regional homogeneity changes in amnestic mild cognitive impairment patients.
Neurobiological substrates of cognitive rigidity and autonomic inflexibility in generalized anxiety disorder.
Dissociating patterns of anterior and posterior hippocampal activity and connectivity during distinct forms of category fluency.
The brain structure and spontaneous activity baseline of the behavioral bias in trait anxiety.
Decreasing predictability of visual motion enhances feed-forward processing in visual cortex when stimuli are behaviorally relevant.
Functional networks of motor inhibition in conversion disorder patients and feigning subjects.
Investigating Default Mode and Sensorimotor Network Connectivity in Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis.
Previous Institutionalization Is Followed by Broader Amygdala-Hippocampal-PFC Network Connectivity during Aversive Learning in Human Development.
Affect and neural activity in women with PTSD during a task of emotional interference.
Bright-light intervention induces a dose-dependent increase in striatal response  to risk in healthy volunteers.
Effects of aging on task- and stimulus-related cerebral attention networks.
Music and words in the visual cortex: The impact of musical expertise.
Frequency Specificity of fMRI in Mesial Temporal Lobe Epilepsy.
Time-Perception Network and Default Mode Network Are Associated with Temporal Prediction in a Periodic Motion Task.
Holding Biological Motion in Working Memory: An fMRI Study.
Neuroanatomical Alterations in High-Functioning Adults with Autism Spectrum Disorder.
Understanding the internal states of others by listening to action verbs.
Changes in the modulation of brain activity during context encoding vs. context retrieval across the adult lifespan.
Diminished Auditory Responses during NREM Sleep Correlate with the Hierarchy of Language Processing.
Distinct BOLD fMRI Responses of Capsaicin-Induced Thermal Sensation Reveal Pain-Related Brain Activation in Nonhuman Primates.
An interplay of fusiform gyrus and hippocampus enables prototype- and exemplar-based category learning.
Neurofeedback of visual food cue reactivity: a potential avenue to alter incentive sensitization and craving.
Neural correlates of fear-induced sympathetic response associated with the peripheral temperature change rate.
Neural activity during object perception in schizophrenia patients is associated  with illness duration and affective symptoms.
Working Memory Network Changes in ALS: An fMRI Study.
Neural underpinnings for model-oriented therapy of aphasic word production.
"The relationships between age, associative memory performance, and the neural correlates of successful associative memory encoding."
Hemispheric involvement in the processing of Chinese idioms: An fMRI study.
"Differential hippocampal and retrosplenial involvement in egocentric-updating, rotation, and allocentric processing during online spatial encoding: an fMRI study."
Olfactory modulation of affective touch processing - A neurophysiological investigation.
"Topological organization of the ""small-world"" visual attention network in children with attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)."
Neural activity related to discrimination and vocal production of consonant and dissonant musical intervals.
Associative reinstatement memory measures hippocampal function in Parkinson's Disease.
Taste intensity modulates effective connectivity from the insular cortex to the thalamus in humans.
Intrinsic functional connectivity predicts individual differences in distractibility.
Reduced posterior parietal cortex activation after training on a visual search task.
Behavioral and neural stability of attention bias to threat in healthy adolescents.
A Neural Mechanism of Preference Shifting Under Zero Price Condition.
Distinct fine-scale fMRI activation patterns of contra- and ipsilateral somatosensory areas 3b and 1 in humans.
"Awake, Offline Processing during Associative Learning."
Contour junctions underlie neural representations of scene categories in high-level human visual cortex.
Non-symbolic and symbolic notations in simple arithmetic differentially involve intraparietal sulcus and angular gyrus activity.
Differential role of temporoparietal junction and medial prefrontal cortex in causal inference in autism: An independent component analysis.
Effector-independent motor sequence representations exist in extrinsic and intrinsic reference frames.
Autonomic correlations with MRI are abnormal in the brainstem vasomotor centre in Chronic Fatigue Syndrome.
Connectivity-based parcellation increases network detection sensitivity in resting state fMRI: An investigation into the cingulate cortex in autism.
Age associations with neural processing of reward anticipation in adolescents with bipolar disorders.
Dynamics of neural recruitment surrounding the spontaneous arising of thoughts in experienced mindfulness practitioners.
Correlation between resting state fMRI total neuronal activity and PET metabolism in healthy controls and patients with disorders of consciousness.
Intuitive decision making as a gradual process: investigating semantic intuition-based and priming-based decisions with fMRI.
Tactile Object Familiarity in the Blind Brain Reveals the Supramodal Perceptual-Mnemonic Nature of the Perirhinal Cortex.
Audience effects on the neural correlates of relational reasoning in adolescence.
Spatial variability of functional brain networks in early-blind and sighted subjects.
Sentence understanding depends on contextual use of semantic and real world knowledge.
"Using principal component analysis to capture individual differences within a unified neuropsychological model of chronic post-stroke aphasia: Revealing the unique neural correlates of speech fluency,"
The neural changes in connectivity of the voice network during voice pitch perturbation.
The impact of stimulus valence and emotion regulation on sustained brain activation: task-rest switching in emotion.
Value-based modulation of memory encoding involves strategic engagement of fronto-temporal semantic processing regions.
Mapping of the Underlying Neural Mechanisms of Maintenance and Manipulation in Visuo-Spatial Working Memory Using An n-back Mental Rotation Task: A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study.
Activation in the Right Inferior Parietal Lobule Reflects the Representation of Musical Structure beyond Simple Pitch Discrimination.
White matter integrity is associated with alcohol cue reactivity in heavy drinkers.
Task and Resting-State fMRI Reveal Altered Salience Responses to Positive Stimuli in Patients with Major Depressive Disorder.
Resting state functional connectivity of the hippocampus along the anterior-posterior axis and its association with glutamatergic metabolism.
fMRI-constrained source analysis reveals early top-down modulations of interference processing using a flanker task.
Adaptive Prediction Error Coding in the Human Midbrain and Striatum Facilitates Behavioral Adaptation and Learning Efficiency.
Brain Structural Correlates of Emotion Recognition in Psychopaths.
Mapping glucose-mediated gut-to-brain signalling pathways in humans.
The typical development of posterior medial frontal cortex function and connectivity during task control demands in youth 8-19years old.
Neural differences in processing of case particles in Japanese: an fMRI study.
Athlete or athletic? Limited differential brain activation in person descriptions using nouns or adjectives.
Gray Matter Abnormalities in Temporal Lobe Epilepsy: Relationships with Resting-State Functional Connectivity and Episodic Memory Performance.
Cortisol alters reward processing in the human brain.
Neural substrates of socioemotional self-awareness in neurodegenerative disease.
Neural adaptation in pSTS correlates with perceptual aftereffects to biological motion and with autistic traits.
Resilience to the contralateral visual field bias as a window into object representations.
The involvement of the fronto-parietal brain network in oculomotor sequence learning using fMRI.
The role of prosody and context in sarcasm comprehension: Behavioral and fMRI evidence.
The neural correlates of recollection and retrieval monitoring: Relationships with age and recollection performance.
Dysfunction of the cingulo-opercular network in first-episode medication-naive patients with major depressive disorder.
The Persistence of Experience: Prior Attentional and Emotional State Affects Network Functioning in a Target Detection Task.
A functional polymorphism in the prodynorphin gene affects cognitive flexibility  and brain activation during reversal learning.
Morphological abnormalities in prefrontal surface area and thalamic volume in attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder.
Parahippocampal cortex is involved in material processing via echoes in blind echolocation experts.
Abnormal regional homogeneity in young adult suicide attempters with no diagnosable psychiatric disorder: A resting state functional magnetic imaging study.
Abnormal functional connectivity density in Parkinson's disease.
Neuronal effects of nicotine during auditory selective attention.
Simultaneous fMRI and EEG during the Multi-Source Interference Task.
The level of audiovisual print-speech integration deficits in dyslexia.
Neural correlates of causal attribution in negative events of depressed patients: Evidence from an fMRI study.
Adolescent earthquake survivors' show increased prefrontal cortex activation to masked earthquake images as adults.
The tendency to trust is reflected in human brain structure.
Using action understanding to understand the left inferior parietal cortex in the human brain.
Emotion-Dependent Functional Connectivity of the Default Mode Network in Adolescent Depression.
Dysregulation between emotion and theory of mind networks in borderline personality disorder.
Acoustic cue selection and discrimination under degradation: Differential contributions of the inferior parietal and posterior temporal cortices.
How number line estimation skills relate to neural activations in single digit subtraction problems.
Hunger does not motivate reward in women remitted from anorexia nervosa.
Increased brain activity to unpleasant stimuli in individuals with the 7R allele  of the DRD4 gene.
Neuroanatomical correlates of awareness of illness in patients with amnestic mild cognitive impairment who will or will not convert to Alzheimer's disease.
Uncertainty in anticipation of uncomfortable rectal distension is modulated by the autonomic nervous system - A fMRI study in healthy volunteers.
Functional connectivity density alterations in schizophrenia.
"fMRI subsequent source memory effects in young, middle-aged and old adults."
BOLD subjective value signals exhibit robust range adaptation.
Central executive network in young people with familial risk for psychosis - The  Oulu Brain and Mind Study.
Resting-state functional connectivity alterations in the default network of schizophrenia patients with persistent auditory verbal hallucinations.
Sparse regularization techniques provide novel insights into outcome integration  processes.
"Once you feel it, you see it: Insula and sensory-motor contribution to visual awareness for fearful bodies in parietal neglect."
Hemispheric lateralization of linguistic prosody recognition in comparison to speech and speaker recognition.
Hippocampal dysfunction during declarative memory encoding in schizophrenia and effects of genetic liability.
Effects of minocycline add-on treatment on brain morphometry and cerebral perfusion in recent-onset schizophrenia.
Effects of representational distance between meanings on the neural correlates of semantic ambiguity.
Abnormal spontaneous neural activity in the anterior insular and anterior cingulate cortices in anxious depression.
Altered spontaneous neuronal activity in chronic posttraumatic stress disorder patients before and after a 12-week paroxetine treatment.
Quantitative Magnetization Transfer Imaging as a Biomarker for Effects of Systemic Inflammation on the Brain.
Self-Recognition of One's Own Fall Recruits the Genuine Bodily Crisis-Related Brain Activity.
The neural signature of information regularity in temporally extended event sequences.
Widespread disruption of functional brain organization in early-onset Alzheimer's disease.
Connectivity strength of dissociable striatal tracts predict individual differences in temporal discounting.
Rapid treatment-induced brain changes in pediatric CRPS.
The effects of age on resting state functional connectivity of the basal ganglia  from young to middle adulthood.
The relation between gray matter morphology and divergent thinking in adolescents and young adults.
Ventromedial prefrontal cortex lesions alter neural and physiological correlates  of anticipation.
Neural mechanisms underlying song and speech perception can be differentiated using an illusory percept.
Visual attention in preterm born adults: Specifically impaired attentional sub-mechanisms that link with altered intrinsic brain networks in a compensation-like mode.
Brain activity dynamics in human parietal regions during spontaneous switches in  bistable perception.
Dopamine modulates the neural representation of subjective value of food in hungry subjects.
Accessing orthographic representations from speech: The role of left ventral occipitotemporal cortex in spelling.
Influence of Repressive Coping Style on Cortical Activation during Encoding of Angry Faces.
Altered resting-state connectivity in college students with nonclinical depressive symptoms.
Maintaining a cautious state of mind during a recognition test: A large-scale fMRI study.
The deaf utilize phonological representations in visually presented verbal memory tasks.
Medial frontal gyrus alterations in schizophrenia: Relationship with duration of  illness and executive dysfunction.
The theory-of-mind network in support of action verb comprehension: Evidence from an fMRI study.
The interaction of process and domain in prefrontal cortex during inductive reasoning.
The neural basis of social risky decision making in females with major depressive disorder.
Modulation of cortical activity during comprehension of familiar and unfamiliar text topics in speed reading and speed listening.
Early MEG markers for reading Chinese phonograms: Evidence from radical combinability and consistency effects.
Baseline frontostriatal-limbic connectivity predicts reward-based memory formation.
Early brain changes associated with psychotherapy in major depressive disorder revealed by resting-state fMRI: evidence for the top-down regulation theory.
Maintenance of youth-like processing protects against false memory in later adulthood.
Executive-affective connectivity in smokers viewing anti-smoking images: an fMRI  study.
Smoking automaticity and tolerance moderate brain activation during explore-exploit behavior.
"Clinical, cognitive, and functional connectivity correlations of resting-state intrinsic brain activity alterations in unmedicated depression."
Task-specific brain reorganization in motor recovery induced by a hybrid-rehabilitation combining training with brain stimulation after stroke.
Pre-stimulus neural activity predicts successful encoding of inter-item associations.
Tasting calories differentially affects brain activation during hunger and satiety.
Extraversion mediates the relationship between structural variations in the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex and social well-being.
Neural correlates of second-language communication and the effect of language anxiety.
Using a combination of fMRI and anterior temporal lobe rTMS to measure intrinsic  and induced activation changes across the semantic cognition network.
Subthalamic nucleus-sensorimotor cortex functional connectivity in de novo and moderate Parkinson's disease.
The neural correlates of emotional face-processing in adolescent depression: a dimensional approach focusing on anhedonia and illness severity.
Learning to read words in a new language shapes the neural organization of the prior languages.
Altered brain spontaneous activity and connectivity network in irritable bowel syndrome patients: A resting-state fMRI study.
"The effects of energy balance, obesity-proneness and sex on the neuronal response to sweet taste."
Prefrontal and parietal activity is modulated by the rule complexity of inductive reasoning and can be predicted by a cognitive model.
Neural correlates of spelling difficulties in Alzheimer's disease.
Similarities between explicit and implicit motor imagery in mental rotation of hands: an EEG study.
Illusion-related brain activations: a new virtual reality mirror box system for use during functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Buffering social influence: neural correlates of response inhibition predict driving safety in the presence of a peer.
Learning to play it safe (or not): stable and evolving neural responses during adolescent risky decision-making.
Insula and inferior frontal triangularis activations distinguish between conditioned brain responses using emotional sounds for basic BCI communication.
Brain network activity in monolingual and bilingual older adults.
Affect differentially modulates brain activation in uni- and multisensory body-voice perception.
Disruptive changes of cerebellar functional connectivity with the default mode network in schizophrenia.
Cognitive control and unusual decisions about beauty: an fMRI study.
The neural basis of stereotypic impact on multiple social categorization.
Functional relevance of the precuneus in verbal politeness.
"Cortical thickness, surface area and volume measures in Parkinson's disease, multiple system atrophy and progressive supranuclear palsy."
Contrasting and convergent patterns of amygdala connectivity in mania and depression: a resting-state study.
Beyond the word and image: characteristics of a common meaning system for language and vision revealed by functional and structural imaging.
Functional connectivity in BOLD and CBF data: similarity and reliability of resting brain networks.
Neural correlates of the happy life: The amplitude of spontaneous low frequency fluctuations predicts subjective well-being.
Resting state functional connectivity changes induced by prior brain state are not network specific.
Microstructure of frontoparietal connections predicts individual resistance to sleep deprivation.
Responsiveness and functional connectivity of the scene-sensitive retrosplenial complex in 7-11-year-old children.
Anticipating action effects recruits audiovisual movement representations in the  ventral premotor cortex.
Comprehensive neural networks for guilty feelings in young adults.
The ventral fiber pathway for pantomime of object use.
Empathic concern drives costly altruism.
Object visibility alters the relative contribution of ventral visual stream and mirror neuron system to goal anticipation during action observation.
Cortico-limbic network abnormalities in individuals with current and past major depressive disorder.
Impaired insight into illness and cognitive insight in schizophrenia spectrum disorders: resting state functional connectivity.
Semantic variability predicts neural variability of object concepts.
Marginal neurofunctional changes in high-performing older adults in a verbal fluency task.
Brain activity during observation and motor imagery of different balance tasks: An fMRI study.
A structural MRI study of cortical thickness in depersonalisation disorder.
Visual processing of words in a patient with visual form agnosia: A behavioural and fMRI study.
Resting BOLD fluctuations in the primary somatosensory cortex correlate with tactile acuity.
Language exposure induced neuroplasticity in the bilingual brain: A follow-up fMRI study.
fMRI feedback enhances emotion regulation as evidenced by a reduced amygdala response.
Initial and sustained brain responses to contextual conditioned anxiety in humans.
Altered baseline brain activities before food intake in obese men: A resting state fMRI study.
Both volumetry and functional connectivity of Heschl's gyrus are associated with  auditory P300 in first episode schizophrenia.
Altered default mode network functional connectivity in schizotypal personality disorder.
Neural correlates of taste perception in congenital olfactory impairment.
"Intact brain processing of musical emotions in autism spectrum disorder, but more cognitive load and arousal in happy vs. sad music."
Neural structure and social dysfunction in individuals at clinical high risk for  psychosis.
Increased cortical surface area and gyrification following long-term survival from early monocular enucleation.
Memory for shape reactivates the lateral occipital complex.
Sensory-motor networks involved in speech production and motor control: an fMRI study.
Enhanced amygdala-cortical functional connectivity in meditators.
Getting on the same page: the neural basis for social coordination deficits in behavioral variant frontotemporal degeneration.
Distinct functional connectivity of the hippocampus during semantic and phonemic  fluency.
A longitudinal analysis of neural regions involved in reading the mind in the eyes.
Secondary hyperalgesia phenotypes exhibit differences in brain activation during  noxious stimulation.
Evidence for reduced efficiency and successful compensation in older adults during task switching.
A study on the specificity of the association between hippocampal volume and delayed primacy performance in cognitively intact elderly individuals.
Functional resting-state connectivity of the human motor network: Differences between right- and left-handers.
Altered neural connectivity during response inhibition in adolescents with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder and their unaffected siblings.
Source retrieval is not properly differentiated from object retrieval in early schizophrenia: An fMRI study using virtual reality.
Evoked itch perception is associated with changes in functional brain connectivity.
The intrinsic resting state voice network in Parkinson's disease.
Linked alterations in gray and white matter morphology in adults with high-functioning autism spectrum disorder: A multimodal brain imaging study.
Connectivity supporting attention in children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.
PTSD symptom severity is associated with increased recruitment of top-down attentional control in a trauma-exposed sample.
"Neurophysiological effects of sleep deprivation in healthy adults, a pilot study."
Challenging emotional prejudice by changing self-concept: priming independent self-construal reduces racial in-group bias in neural responses to other's pain.
Altered spontaneous brain activity in patients with hemifacial spasm: a resting-state functional MRI study.
A functional magnetic resonance imaging study on the effect of acupuncture at GB34 (Yanglingquan) on motor-related network in hemiplegic patients.
Long-term experience with Chinese language shapes the fusiform asymmetry of English reading.
Supramarginal activity in interoceptive attention tasks.
Increased interhemispheric functional connectivity in college students with non-clinical depressive symptoms in resting state.
Neural reinstatement and the amount of information recollected.
Effect of an 8-week practice of externally triggered speech on basal ganglia activity of stuttering and fluent speakers.
Preschool anxiety disorders predict different patterns of amygdala-prefrontal connectivity at school-age.
Asymmetric engagement of amygdala and its gamma connectivity in early emotional face processing.
Supplementary motor area activations predict individual differences in temporal-change sensitivity and its illusory distortions.
Self-affirmation alters the brain's response to health messages and subsequent behavior change.
A pilot study of gray matter volume changes associated with paroxetine treatment  and response in social anxiety disorder.
Effective connectivity predicts future placebo analgesic response: A dynamic causal modeling study of pain processing in healthy controls.
Cognitive and neural correlates of the 5-repeat allele of the dopamine D4 receptor gene in a population lacking the 7-repeat allele.
Presupplementary Motor Area Contributes to Altered Error Monitoring in Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder.
Evaluation of resting state networks in patients with gliomas: connectivity changes in the unaffected side and its relation to cognitive function.
How the brain processes different dimensions of argument structure complexity: evidence from fMRI.
Morphological derivation overflow as a result of disruption of the left frontal aslant white matter tract.
Distributed functions of detection and discrimination of vibrotactile stimuli in  the hierarchical human somatosensory system.
Impact of hematocrit on measurements of the intrinsic brain.
Neural mechanisms underlying contextual dependency of subjective values: converging evidence from monkeys and humans.
The Dopaminergic Midbrain Encodes the Expected Certainty about Desired Outcomes.
Altered salience processing in attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.
Left dorsal speech stream components and their contribution to phonological processing.
Representation of visual symbols in the visual word processing network.
Default-mode network functional connectivity is closely related to metabolic activity.
Increased volume and impaired function: the role of the basal ganglia in writer's cramp.
Multiple modes of clearing one's mind of current thoughts: overlapping and distinct neural systems.
Long-term use of psychedelic drugs is associated with differences in brain structure and personality in humans.
Aberrant error processing in relation to symptom severity in obsessive-compulsive disorder: A multimodal neuroimaging study.
The Nature and Neural Correlates of Semantic Association versus Conceptual Similarity.
Unmasking Language Lateralization in Human Brain Intrinsic Activity.
Brain bases of reading fluency in typical reading and impaired fluency in dyslexia.
Neural mechanisms for integrating prior knowledge and likelihood in value-based probabilistic inference.
Dynamic modulation of the action observation network by movement familiarity.
The Representation of Object-Directed Action and Function Knowledge in the Human  Brain.
Attenuation of the contingency detection effect in the extrastriate body area in  autism spectrum disorder.
On the definition and interpretation of voice selective activation in the temporal cortex.
Difference in brain activations during appreciating paintings and photographic analogs.
Neural activity related to cognitive and emotional empathy in post-traumatic stress disorder.
Frontal lobe hypoactivation in medication-free adults with bipolar II depression  during response inhibition.
Developmental specialization of the left parietal cortex for the semantic representation of Arabic numerals: an fMR-adaptation study.
Ketamine interactions with biomarkers of stress: A randomized placebo-controlled  repeated measures resting-state fMRI and PCASL pilot study in healthy men.
Response inhibition and serotonin in autism: a functional MRI study using acute tryptophan depletion.
Alteration of spontaneous neuronal activity within the salience network in partially remitted depression.
Neural and cortisol responses during play with human and computer partners in children with autism.
Emotional task management: neural correlates of switching between affective and non-affective task-sets.
Neural dissociation of food- and money-related reward processing using an abstract incentive delay task.
Neural activation during anticipated peer evaluation and laboratory meal intake in overweight girls with and without loss of control eating.
Data-driven analysis of simultaneous EEG/fMRI using an ICA approach.
Function of basal ganglia in bridging cognitive and motor modules to perform an action.
COMT Val(158)Met genotypes differentially influence subgenual cingulate functional connectivity in healthy females.
Top-down controlled and bottom-up triggered orienting of auditory attention to pitch activate overlapping brain networks.
The perception of touch and the ventral somatosensory pathway.
Cognitive correlates of gray matter abnormalities in adolescent siblings of patients with childhood-onset schizophrenia.
Making cognitive latent variables manifest: distinct neural networks for fluid reasoning and processing speed.
Common and unique representations in pFC for face and place attractiveness.
How to be patient. The ability to wait for a reward depends on menstrual cycle phase and feedback-related activity.
Age-related changes in reappraisal of appetitive cravings during adolescence.
Connectivity in the human brain dissociates entropy and complexity of auditory inputs.
Disrupted cortical hubs in functional brain networks in social anxiety disorder.
Inverse fluoxetine effects on inhibitory brain activation in non-comorbid boys with ADHD and with ASD.
Individual differences in cortical face selectivity predict behavioral performance in face recognition.
Sequencing at the syllabic and supra-syllabic levels during speech perception: an fMRI study.
Investigating the Neural Correlates of Voice versus Speech-Sound Directed Information in Pre-School Children.
Structural and functional correlates of hypnotic depth and suggestibility.
Amygdala subnuclei connectivity in response to violence reveals unique influences of individual differences in psychopathic traits in a nonforensic sample.
Characterizing nonlinear relationships in functional imaging data using eigenspace maximal information canonical correlation analysis (emiCCA).
"Spatial imagery relies on a sensory independent, though sensory sensitive, functional organization within the parietal cortex: A fMRI study of angle discrimination in sighted and congenitally blind in"
Task-based functional connectivity as an indicator of genetic liability to schizophrenia.
Pre-existing brain states predict risky choices.
Skill dependent audiovisual integration in the fusiform induces repetition suppression.
The functional anatomy of single-digit arithmetic in children with developmental  dyslexia.
Cortical reinstatement and the confidence and accuracy of source memory.
Patterns of neural activity in the human ventral premotor cortex reflect a whole-body multisensory percept.
Neural correlates of outcome processing post dishonest choice: An fMRI and ERP study.
Expectations of Task Demands Dissociate Working Memory and Long-Term Memory Systems.
Association between MAPT haplotype and memory function in patients with Parkinson's disease and healthy aging individuals.
Compensatory fronto-parietal hyperactivation during set-shifting in unmedicated patients with Parkinson's disease.
Impulse control in the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex counteracts post-diet weight regain in obesity.
Functional connectivity pattern during rest within the episodic memory network in association with episodic memory performance in bipolar disorder.
Arbitration between controlled and impulsive choices.
White matter abnormalities of microstructure and physiological noise in schizophrenia.
Visual imagery influences brain responses to visual stimulation in bilateral cortical blindness.
fMRI evidence of improved visual function in patients with progressive retinitis  pigmentosa by eye-movement training.
Spatial and temporal characteristics of error-related activity in the human brain.
Distinct midbrain and habenula pathways are involved in processing aversive events in humans.
The neural substrates of natural reading: a comparison of normal and nonword text using eyetracking and fMRI.
Frequency-specific network topologies in the resting human brain.
Hierarchical organization of speech perception in human auditory cortex.
Brain activity modulation during the production of imperative and declarative pointing.
Early visual deprivation changes cortical anatomical covariance in dorsal-stream  structures.
Content-specific evidence accumulation in inferior temporal cortex during perceptual decision-making.
"Resting-state anticorrelations between medial and lateral prefrontal cortex: Association with working memory, aging, and individual differences."
Linking DMN connectivity to episodic memory capacity: what can we learn from patients with medial temporal lobe damage?
Anterior and posterior MTL networks in aging and MCI.
Neural basis of altered physical and social causality judgements in schizophrenia.
Neural correlates of visuospatial working memory in attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder and healthy controls.
Speech motor brain regions are differentially recruited during perception of native and foreign-accented phonemes for first and second language listeners.
The medial orbitofrontal cortex encodes a general unsigned value signal during anticipation of both appetitive and aversive events.
Responses to irrational actions in action observation and mentalising networks of the human brain.
Distinct neural correlates of social categories and personality traits.
Reduced structural integrity and functional lateralization of the dorsal language pathway correlate with hallucinations in schizophrenia: A combined diffusion spectrum imaging and functional magnetic 
Hyper-coupling between working memory task-evoked activations and amplitude of spontaneous fluctuations in first-episode schizophrenia.
Neural substrates of rumination tendency in non-depressed individuals.
Dissociation of functional and anatomical brain abnormalities in unaffected siblings of schizophrenia patients.
Decreased connectivity of the default mode network in pathological gambling: A resting state functional MRI study.
Modafinil alters intrinsic functional connectivity of the right posterior insula: a pharmacological resting state fMRI study.
Decoding letter position in word reading.
Cognitive flexibility in adolescence: Neural and behavioral mechanisms of reward  prediction error processing in adaptive decision making during development.
Reduced cortical complexity in children with Prader-Willi Syndrome and its association with cognitive impairment and developmental delay.
"The Reference Ability Neural Network Study: Motivation, design, and initial feasibility analyses."
Disrupted brain functional network in internet addiction disorder: a resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Mood-dependent integration in discourse comprehension: happy and sad moods affect consistency processing via different brain networks.
Getting the beat: Entrainment of brain activity by musical rhythm and pleasantness.
The influence of expertise on brain activation of the action observation network  during anticipation of tennis and volleyball serves.
Age differences in self-referencing: Evidence for common and distinct encoding strategies.
The human hippocampus is sensitive to the durations of events and intervals within a sequence.
Silent music reading: Auditory imagery and visuotonal modality transfer in singers and non-singers.
Frequency-dependent changes in the amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations in subcortical ischemic vascular disease (SIVD): a resting-state fMRI study.
Alterations in effective connectivity anchored on the insula in major depressive  disorder.
Similarities and differences in brain activation and functional connectivity in first and second language reading: evidence from Chinese learners of English.
The long-term effects of prenatal nicotine exposure on verbal working memory: an  fMRI study of young adults.
Voxel-based morphometry study of the insular cortex in bipolar depression.
Neural correlates associated with superior tactile symmetry perception in the early blind.
Brain Mechanisms of Social Threat Effects on Working Memory.
Fronto-parietal network supports context-dependent speech comprehension.
Disentangling in vivo the effects of iron content and atrophy on the ageing human brain.
The effect of treatment history on therapeutic outcome: psychological and neurobiological underpinnings.
Fibromyalgia patients had normal distraction related pain inhibition but cognitive impairment reflected in caudate nucleus and hippocampus during the Stroop Color Word Test.
Impaired contextual modulation of memories in PTSD: an fMRI and psychophysiological study of extinction retention and fear renewal.
Imbalance of default mode and regulatory networks during externally focused processing in depression.
Spontaneous brain activity in type 2 diabetics revealed by amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations and its association with diabetic vascular disease: a  resting-state FMRI study.
Selective vulnerability related to aging in large-scale resting brain networks.
Brain networks during free viewing of complex erotic movie: new insights on psychogenic erectile dysfunction.
The cerebral cost of breathing: an FMRI case-study in congenital central hypoventilation syndrome.
Inside the syntactic box: the neural correlates of the functional and positional  level in covert sentence production.
Regional amyloid burden and intrinsic connectivity networks in cognitively normal elderly subjects.
Sensitivity of negative subsequent memory and task-negative effects to age and associative memory performance.
The neural correlates of belief-bias inhibition: The impact of logic training.
Heterogeneity of stimulus-specific response modification-an fMRI study on neuroplasticity.
The effects of musical practice on structural plasticity: the dynamics of grey matter changes.
A structural distance effect for backward anaphora in Broca's area: an fMRI study.
Alterations in amygdala functional connectivity reflect early temperament.
Unleashing creativity: The role of left temporoparietal regions in evaluating and inhibiting the generation of creative ideas.
Neurodevelopmental changes in the responsiveness of systems involved in top down  attention and emotional responding.
Enlargement of visual processing regions in social anxiety disorder is related to symptom severity.
Age-related changes in the intrinsic functional connectivity of the human ventral vs. dorsal striatum from childhood to middle age.
The influence of stimulus format on drawing-a functional imaging study of decision making in portrait drawing.
White and grey matter changes in the language network during healthy aging.
Effects of achievement goals on challenge seeking and feedback processing: behavioral and FMRI evidence.
Overlapping patterns of neural activity for different forms of novelty in fMRI.
Neuronal substrates characterizing two stages in visual object recognition.
The neural representation of plural discourse entities.
Lost for emotion words: What motor and limbic brain activity reveals about autism and semantic theory.
Intersession reliability of fMRI activation for heat pain and motor tasks.
Resting state connectivity immediately following learning correlates with subsequent sleep-dependent enhancement of motor task performance.
Functional magnetic resonance imaging of sensorimotor transformations in saccades and antisaccades.
Human thalamic and amygdala modulation in emotional scene perception.
"Transfer of learning relates to intrinsic connectivity between hippocampus, ventromedial prefrontal cortex, and large-scale networks."
Age-related sensitivity to task-related modulation of language-processing networks.
Value-driven attentional priority signals in human basal ganglia and visual cortex.
Cognitive-behavioral therapy for generalized anxiety disorder is associated with  attenuation of limbic activation to threat-related facial emotions.
An exploratory fMRI study into inferences of self-agency.
Resting-State and Task-Based Functional Brain Connectivity in Developmental Dyslexia.
The dorsolateral prefrontal network is involved in pain perception in knee osteoarthritis patients.
Subjective somatosensory experiences disclosed by focused attention: cortical-hippocampal-insular and amygdala contributions.
Increased coupling of intrinsic networks in remitted depressed youth predicts rumination and cognitive control.
Dynamic functional connectivity analysis reveals transient states of dysconnectivity in schizophrenia.
Structural and functional hallmarks of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis progression  in motor- and memory-related brain regions.
The highly sensitive brain: an fMRI study of sensory processing sensitivity and response to others' emotions.
Developmental continuity in reward-related enhancement of cognitive control.
Anterior insula activity reflects the effects of intentionality on the anticipation of aversive stimulation.
Cross-Modal Decoding of Neural Patterns Associated with Working Memory: Evidence  for Attention-Based Accounts of Working Memory.
Bilingualism trains specific brain circuits involved in flexible rule selection and application.
The relative contributions of frontal and parietal cortex for generalized quantifier comprehension.
Striatal and hippocampal involvement in motor sequence chunking depends on the learning strategy.
Evaluation of net causal influences in the circuit responding to premotor control during the movement-readiness state using conditional Granger causality.
Comparison of associative recognition versus source recognition.
Age differences in the neural correlates of novelty processing: The effects of item-relatedness.
Effector-independent brain activity during motor imagery of the upper and lower limbs: an fMRI study.
Music listening engages specific cortical regions within the temporal lobes: Differences between musicians and non-musicians.
The auditory scene: An fMRI study on melody and accompaniment in professional pianists.
"When you smile, you become happy: Evidence from resting state task-based fMRI."
The neural bases of directed and spontaneous mental state attributions to group agents.
Neural coding of assessing another person's knowledge based on nonverbal cues.
Dopamine transporter SLC6A3 genotype affects cortico-striatal activity of set-shifts in Parkinson's disease.
Neural mechanisms of inhibitory control continue to mature in adolescence.
Illness denial in schizophrenia spectrum disorders: a function of left hemisphere dominance.
Automatic emotion processing as a function of trait emotional awareness: an fMRI  study.
Effective connectivity among the working memory regions during preparation for and during performance of the n-back task.
Why people drink shampoo? Food Imitating Products are fooling brains and endangering consumers for marketing purposes.
Effects of reward contingencies on brain activation during feedback processing.
Top-down Modulation of Neural Activity in Anticipatory Visual Attention: Control  Mechanisms Revealed by Simultaneous EEG-fMRI.
Transient and sustained BOLD signal time courses affect the detection of emotion-related brain activation in fMRI.
"Distinct neural networks for target feature versus dimension changes in visual search, as revealed by EEG and fMRI."
Neural systems for cognitive reappraisal in children and adolescents with autism  spectrum disorder.
Neural signatures of lexical tone reading.
Overlapping patterns of brain activation to food and cocaine cues in cocaine abusers: Association to striatal D2/D3 receptors.
Adaptive neural reward processing during anticipation and receipt of monetary rewards in mindfulness meditators.
Differential bilateral involvement of the parietal gyrus during predicative metaphor processing: an auditory fMRI study.
Lead-induced impairments in the neural processes related to working memory function.
Robust expertise effects in right FFA.
Interhemispheric cerebral blood flow balance during recovery of motor hand function after ischemic stroke--a longitudinal MRI study using arterial spin labeling perfusion.
The influence of work-related chronic stress on the regulation of emotion and on  functional connectivity in the brain.
Neural correlates of gender differences in reputation building.
Discriminable spatial patterns of activation for faces and bodies in the fusiform gyrus.
Evidence for progressive brain abnormalities in early schizophrenia: a cross-sectional structural and functional connectivity study.
Comfort for uncertainty in pathological gamblers: A fMRI study.
Correlations between social-emotional feelings and anterior insula activity are independent from visceral states but influenced by culture.
Equal pain-Unequal fear response: enhanced susceptibility of tooth pain to fear conditioning.
Threat-related learning relies on distinct dorsal prefrontal cortex network connectivity.
Neural mechanisms underlying the computation of hierarchical tree structures in mathematics.
Cortical plasticity in episodic and chronic cluster headache.
Atypical perception of affective prosody in Autism Spectrum Disorder.
Synchronous activation within the default mode network correlates with perceived  social support.
Functional neuroimaging of conversion disorder: The role of ancillary activation.
Functional and structural changes in the brain associated with the increase in muscle sympathetic nerve activity in obstructive sleep apnoea.
Resting state connectivity correlates with drug and placebo response in fibromyalgia patients.
Aberrant spontaneous brain activity in chronic tinnitus patients revealed by resting-state functional MRI.
Disrupted functional connectivity of the periaqueductal gray in chronic low back  pain.
Links between white matter microstructure and cortisol reactivity to stress in early childhood: Evidence for moderation by parenting.
Neural compensation in adulthood following very preterm birth demonstrated during a visual paired associates learning task.
Arterial spin labelling reveals prolonged arterial arrival time in idiopathic Parkinson's disease.
More than just two sexes: the neural correlates of voice gender perception in gender dysphoria.
Reasoning about the implications of facial expressions: a behavioral and fMRI study on low and high social impact.
Altered resting-state amygdala functional connectivity after 36 hours of total sleep deprivation.
Heterogeneity of neural mechanisms of response to pivotal response treatment.
Asymmetrical Effect of Levodopa on the Neural Activity of Motor Regions in PD.
Winning and losing: differences in reward and punishment sensitivity between smokers and nonsmokers.
Distinct fronto-striatal couplings reveal the double-faced nature of response-outcome relations in instruction-based learning.
Neural substrates of similarity and rule-based strategies in judgment.
Working memory training improves emotional states of healthy individuals.
Identifying the Core Components of Emotional Intelligence: Evidence from Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuations during Resting State.
Distributed neural representations of logical arguments in school-age children.
"Dissociable roles of right inferior frontal cortex and anterior insula in inhibitory control: evidence from intrinsic and task-related functional parcellation, connectivity, and response profile analy"
Increased low-frequency oscillation amplitude of sensorimotor cortex associated with the severity of structural impairment in cervical myelopathy.
Role of the anterior insular cortex in integrative causal signaling during multisensory auditory-visual attention.
"Illness Progression, Recent Stress, and Morphometry of Hippocampal Subfields and  Medial Prefrontal Cortex in Major Depression."
Simultaneous fMRI-PET of the opioidergic pain system in human brain.
Altered Functional Response to Risky Choice in HIV Infection.
A common neural code for perceived and inferred emotion.
Adolescents' emotional competence is associated with parents' neural sensitivity  to emotions.
The functional anatomy and connectivity of thought insertion and alien control of movement.
Ability to maintain internal arousal and motivation modulates brain responses to  emotions.
Functional neuroanatomy of executive function after neonatal brain injury in adults who were born very preterm.
Increased cortical thickness and altered functional connectivity of the right superior temporal gyrus in left-handers.
Motion area V5/MT+ response to global motion in the absence of V1 resembles early visual cortex.
Relevance of parahippocampal-locus coeruleus connectivity to memory in early dementia.
Decreased amygdala-insula resting state connectivity in behaviorally and emotionally dysregulated youth.
Prefrontal engagement by cognitive reappraisal of negative faces.
Age mediation of frontoparietal activation during visual feature search.
"Multi-voxel pattern analysis (MVPA) reveals abnormal fMRI activity in both the ""core"" and ""extended"" face network in congenital prosopagnosia."
Hemodynamic Response Pattern of Spatial Cueing is Different for Social and Symbolic Cues.
"Dissecting Neural Responses to Temporal Prediction, Attention, and Memory: Effects of Reward Learning and Interoception on Time Perception."
A neurobiological enquiry into the origins of our experience of the sublime and beautiful.
BDNFval66met affects neural activation pattern during fear conditioning and 24 h  delayed fear recall.
Mapping the relationship between subgenual cingulate cortex functional connectivity and depressive symptoms across adolescence.
Altered dynamics between neural systems sub-serving decisions for unhealthy food.
Resilience of developing brain networks to interictal epileptiform discharges is  associated with cognitive outcome.
Functional compensation in the ventromedial prefrontal cortex improves memory-dependent decisions in older adults.
Brain activity associated with illusory correlations in animal phobia.
Neural correlates of generation and inhibition of verbal association patterns in  mood disorders.
Neural correlates of inhibitory control and functional genetic variation in the dopamine D4 receptor gene.
"Constructing, Perceiving, and Maintaining Scenes: Hippocampal Activity and Connectivity."
Estimating time-varying brain connectivity networks from functional MRI time series.
Brain activation associated with active and passive lower limb stepping.
Adolescent neighborhood quality predicts adult dACC response to social exclusion.
Intention understanding over T: a neuroimaging study on shared representations and tennis return predictions.
Cortical response variation with different sound pressure levels: a combined event-related potentials and FMRI study.
Multimodal MRI of the hippocampus in Parkinson's disease with visual hallucinations.
Can Harry Potter still put a spell on us in a second language? An fMRI study on reading emotion-laden literature in late bilinguals.
Neural responses to monetary incentives in younger and older adults.
Age-related differences in medial temporal lobe involvement during conceptual fluency.
Differing contributions of inferior prefrontal and anterior temporal cortex to concrete and abstract conceptual knowledge.
Is moral beauty different from facial beauty? Evidence from an fMRI study.
Beautiful friendship: Social sharing of emotions improves subjective feelings and activates the neural reward circuitry.
Cortical activation associated with muscle synergies of the human male pelvic floor.
The fusion of mental imagery and sensation in the temporal association cortex.
A neural network approach to fMRI binocular visual rivalry task analysis.
Decreased centrality of subcortical regions during the transition to adolescence: A functional connectivity study.
Do you like Arcimboldo's? Esthetic appreciation modulates brain activity in solving perceptual ambiguity.
"Distinct structural neural patterns of trait physical and social anhedonia: Evidence from cortical thickness, subcortical volumes and inter-regional correlations."
Age trajectories of functional activation under conditions of low and high processing demands: An adult lifespan fMRI study of the aging brain.
The neural basis of monitoring goal progress.
"Effects of incentives, age, and behavior on brain activation during inhibitory control: a longitudinal fMRI study."
Gender differences in the temporal voice areas.
The correlation between Emotional Intelligence and gray matter volume in university students.
Identification of the neural correlates of cyclothymic temperament using a working memory task in fMRI.
Role of the precuneus in the detection of incongruency between tactile and visual texture information: A functional MRI study.
Resting-state networks predict individual differences in common and specific aspects of executive function.
Neural mechanisms underlying context-dependent shifts in risk preferences.
An fMRI study of behavioral response inhibition in adolescents with and without histories of heavy prenatal alcohol exposure.
Task-rest modulation of basal ganglia connectivity in mild to moderate Parkinson's disease.
Age differences in the impact of peers on adolescents' and adults' neural response to reward.
Reduced topological efficiency in cortical-basal Ganglia motor network of Parkinson's disease: a resting state fMRI study.
False memory for face in short-term memory and neural activity in human amygdala.
The role of parietal cortex in the formation of color and motion based concepts.
Sex and disease-related alterations of anterior insula functional connectivity in chronic abdominal pain.
Reduced functional reserve in patients with age-related white matter changes: a preliminary FMRI study of working memory.
Brain Circuitry Supporting Multi-Organ Autonomic Outflow in Response to Nausea.
Neural and genetic markers of vulnerability to post-traumatic stress symptoms among survivors of the World Trade Center attacks.
Impact of early life adversity on reward processing in young adults: EEG-fMRI results from a prospective study over 25 years.
Posteromedial hyperactivation during episodic recognition among people with memory decline: findings from the WRAP study.
The Role of Corticostriatal Systems in Speech Category Learning.
Resting-State Network Complexity and Magnitude Are Reduced in Prematurely Born Infants.
Unilateral tinnitus: changes in connectivity and response lateralization measured with FMRI.
The pattern and loci of training-induced brain changes in healthy older adults are predicted by the nature of the intervention.
"Social feedback processing from early to late adolescence: influence of sex, age, and attachment style."
Insight into the neurophysiological processes of melodically intoned language with functional MRI.
Withholding and canceling a response in ADHD adolescents.
Longitudinal changes in task-evoked brain responses in Parkinson's disease patients with and without mild cognitive impairment.
Distributed cognitive maps reflecting real distances between places and views in  the human brain.
Roles of frontal and temporal regions in reinterpreting semantically ambiguous sentences.
Sensitivity of human auditory cortex to rapid frequency modulation revealed by multivariate representational similarity analysis.
Impairment of functional integration of the default mode network correlates with  cognitive outcome at three months after stroke.
Oppositional COMT Val158Met effects on resting state functional connectivity in adolescents and adults.
Goal-congruent default network activity facilitates cognitive control.
Visual gravity cues in the interpretation of biological movements: Neural correlates in humans.
Language Networks Associated with Computerized Semantic Indices.
Reinstatement of individual past events revealed by the similarity of distributed activation patterns during encoding and retrieval.
Sex differences in the neural substrates of spatial working memory during adolescence are not mediated by endogenous testosterone.
Baseline effects of transcranial direct current stimulation on glutamatergic neurotransmission and large-scale network connectivity.
Moving to music: effects of heard and imagined musical cues on movement-related brain activity.
Neural correlates of moral and non-moral emotion in female psychopathy.
Neurobiological Impact of Nicotinic Acetylcholine Receptor Agonists: An Activation Likelihood Estimation Meta-Analysis of Pharmacologic Neuroimaging Studies.
The neural mechanisms underlying the acute effect of cigarette smoking on chronic smokers.
Optimizing methods for linking cinematic features to fMRI data.
The Resting Brain of Alcoholics.
"Abnormal regional homogeneity and its correlations with personality in first-episode, treatment-naive somatization disorder."
Neural correlates of active vision: An fMRI comparison of natural reading and scene viewing.
fMRI reveals lateralized pattern of brain activity modulated by the metrics of stimuli during auditory rhyme processing.
Grey matter morphological anomalies in the caudate head in first-episode psychosis patients with delusions of reference.
Abnormal contrast responses in the extrastriate cortex of blindsight patients.
Cross-hemispheric collaboration and segregation associated with task difficulty as revealed by structural and functional connectivity.
An investigation of facial emotion recognition impairments in alexithymia and its neural correlates.
Reinforcement learning in multidimensional environments relies on attention mechanisms.
Do mirror glasses have the same effect on brain activity as a mirror box? Evidence from a functional magnetic resonance imaging study with healthy subjects.
Trait-level temporal lobe hypoactivation to social exclusion in unaffected siblings of children and adolescents with autism spectrum disorders.
The neural correlates of regulating another person's emotions: an exploratory fMRI study.
Modulatory effect of acupuncture at Waiguan (TE5) on the functional connectivity  of the central nervous system of patients with ischemic stroke in the left basal  ganglia.
Adolescent development of inhibition as a function of SES and gender: Converging  evidence from behavior and fMRI.
Distinct neural signatures of cognitive subtypes of dyslexia with and without phonological deficits.
Dynamic causal modelling of brain-behaviour relationships.
Aberrant network integrity of the inferior frontal cortex in women with anorexia  nervosa.
Cognitive insight in first-episode schizophrenia: Further evidence for a role of  the ventrolateral prefrontal cortex.
Enhanced subgenual cingulate response to altruistic decisions in remitted major depressive disorder.
Abnormal brain structure in youth who commit homicide.
Spontaneous regional brain activity links restrained eating to later weight gain  among young women.
Functional brain networks involved in reality monitoring.
Pattern reactivation co-varies with activity in the core recollection network during source memory.
Alteration of spontaneous neuronal activity in young adults with non-clinical depressive symptoms.
Synchronous brain activity across individuals underlies shared psychological perspectives.
Converging evidence from fMRI and aphasia that the left temporoparietal cortex has an essential role in representing abstract semantic knowledge.
Combined eye tracking and fMRI reveals neural basis of linguistic predictions during sentence comprehension.
"The effect of flavanol-rich cocoa on cerebral perfusion in healthy older adults during conscious resting state: a placebo controlled, crossover, acute trial."
Abstinent adult daily smokers show reduced anticipatory but elevated saccade-related brain responses during a rewarded antisaccade task.
"Brain activity during source memory retrieval in young, middle-aged and old adults."
Characterizing Thalamocortical Disturbances in Cervical Spondylotic Myelopathy: Revealed by Functional Connectivity under Two Slow Frequency Bands.
Low-Frequency Fluctuations of the Resting Brain: High Magnitude Does Not Equal High Reliability.
"Risk-Taking Behavior in a Computerized Driving Task: Brain Activation Correlates  of Decision-Making, Outcome, and Peer Influence in Male Adolescents."
Cognitive function and brain structure after recurrent mild traumatic brain injuries in young-to-middle-aged adults.
Effects of long-term acupuncture treatment on resting-state brain activity in migraine patients: a randomized controlled trial on active acupoints and inactive acupoints.
What makes your brain suggestible? Hypnotizability is associated with differential brain activity during attention outside hypnosis.
Neuroanatomical deficits correlate with executive dysfunction in boys with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.
Functional Organization of Social Perception and Cognition in the Superior Temporal Sulcus.
Differences in the neural signature of remembering schema-congruent and schema-incongruent events.
Investigating the brain basis of facial expression perception using multi-voxel pattern analysis.
Mapping cortical responses to speech using high-density diffuse optical tomography.
Hand specific representations in language comprehension.
Abnormal amygdala function in Parkinson's disease patients and its relationship to depression.
The Anterior Insula Tracks Behavioral Entropy during an Interpersonal Competitive Game.
Alterations of Gray and White Matter Networks in Patients with Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder: A Multimodal Fusion Analysis of Structural MRI and DTI Using mCCA+jICA.
They are laughing at me: cerebral mediation of cognitive biases in social anxiety.
Dual-echo fMRI can detect activations in inferior temporal lobe during intelligible speech comprehension.
Adaptation to vocal expressions reveals multistep perception of auditory emotion.
Simultaneous EEG-fMRI brain signatures of auditory cue utilization.
The neuroplastic effect of working memory training in healthy volunteers and patients with schizophrenia: Implications for cognitive rehabilitation.
Functional neuroanatomy of auditory scene analysis in Alzheimer's disease.
Disrutpted resting-state functional architecture of the brain after 45-day simulated microgravity.
Generating original ideas: The neural underpinning of originality.
The effect of body-mind relaxation meditation induction on major depressive disorder: A resting-state fMRI study.
Impact of puberty on the evolution of cerebral perfusion during adolescence.
Responses in the right posterior superior temporal sulcus show a feature-based response to facial expression.
Disentangling neural processes of egocentric and allocentric mental spatial transformations using whole-body photos of self and other.
Different Roles of COMT and HTR2A Genotypes in Working Memory Subprocesses.
Resting State-fMRI with ReHo Analysis as a Non-Invasive Modality for the Prognosis of Cirrhotic Patients with Overt Hepatic Encephalopathy.
Humour processing in frontotemporal lobar degeneration: A behavioural and neuroanatomical analysis.
Prediction errors to emotional expressions: the roles of the amygdala in social referencing.
Thirst and the state-dependent representation of incentive stimulus value in human motive circuitry.
Neural correlates of emotion regulation in patients with schizophrenia and non-affected siblings.
Aberrant function of learning and cognitive control networks underlie inefficient cognitive flexibility in anorexia nervosa: a cross-sectional FMRI study.
Stimulus set meaningfulness and neurophysiological differentiation: a functional  magnetic resonance imaging study.
Testing a dual-systems model of adolescent brain development using resting-state  connectivity analyses.
"Discovering networks altered by potential threat (""anxiety"") using quadratic discriminant analysis."
Whole brain expression of bipolar disorder associated genes: structural and genetic analyses.
fMRI and MRS measures of neuroplasticity in the pharyngeal motor cortex.
The left inferior frontal gyrus is involved in adjusting response bias during a perceptual decision-making task.
The development and expression of physical nicotine dependence corresponds to structural and functional alterations in the anterior cingulate-precuneus pathway.
Cognitive Improvement after Mild Traumatic Brain Injury Measured with Functional  Neuroimaging during the Acute Period.
The dorsal prefrontal and dorsal anterior cingulate cortices exert complementary  network signatures during encoding and retrieval in associative memory.
Neurobiological indicators of disinhibition in posttraumatic stress disorder.
Neurobiology of insight deficits in schizophrenia: An fMRI study.
Dissociated large-scale functional connectivity networks of the precuneus in medication-naive first-episode depression.
Stereoscopic depth increases intersubject correlations of brain networks.
Interaction Between Hippocampus and Cerebellum Crus I in Sequence-Based but not Place-Based Navigation.
Cerebral activations related to writing and drawing with each hand.
Interhemispheric microstructural connectivity in bitemporal lobe epilepsy with hippocampal sclerosis.
Investigating the dynamics of the brain response to music: A central role of the  ventral striatum/nucleus accumbens.
Individualized relapse prediction: Personality measures and striatal and insular  activity during reward-processing robustly predict relapse.
"Aberrant connectivity within the default mode network in first-episode, treatment-naive major depressive disorder."
An fMRI investigation into the effect of preceding stimuli during visual oddball  tasks.
fMRI Study of Social Anxiety during Social Ostracism with and without Emotional Support.
"The BDNF Val66Met polymorphism, resting-state hippocampal functional connectivity and cognitive deficits in acute late-onset depression."
Modulation of motivational salience processing during the early stages of psychosis.
A single dual-stream framework for syntactic computations in music and language.
Activity in the brain network for dynamic manipulation of unstable objects is robust to acute tactile nerve block: An fMRI study.
Associated and dissociated neural substrates of aesthetic judgment and aesthetic  emotion during the appreciation of everyday designed products.
"The papez circuit in first-episode, treatment-naive adults with major depressive  disorder: combined atlas-based tract-specific quantification analysis and voxel-based analysis."
Basolateral amygdala response to food cues in the absence of hunger is associated with weight gain susceptibility.
Dynamic network mechanisms of relational integration.
Autonomic and brain responses associated with empathy deficits in autism spectrum disorder.
Sex differences in intrinsic brain functional connectivity underlying human shyness.
Neural mechanisms of the spacing effect in episodic memory: A parallel EEG and fMRI study.
Modality-independent neural mechanisms for novel phonetic processing.
Increased activity of frontal and limbic regions to emotional stimuli in children at-risk for anxiety disorders.
Simultaneous EEG-fMRI reveals brain networks underlying recognition memory ERP old/new effects.
Not all declarative memories are created equal: Fast Mapping as a direct route to cortical declarative representations.
Social working memory and its distinctive link to social cognitive ability: an fMRI study.
Behavioral and neural correlates of executive functioning in musicians and non-musicians.
Cerebral Asymmetry of fMRI-BOLD Responses to Visual Stimulation.
"Increased short-range and long-range functional connectivity in first-episode, medication-naive schizophrenia at rest."
Resting state signatures of domain and demand-specific working memory performance.
Common and distinct neural effects of risperidone and olanzapine during procedural learning in schizophrenia: a randomised longitudinal fMRI study.
Between-network connectivity occurs in brain regions lacking layer IV input.
Neuroticism modulates the effects of intranasal vasopressin treatment on the neural response to positive and negative social interactions.
Neural correlates of creative thinking and schizotypy.
Brain activation in response to craving- and aversion-inducing cues related to alcohol in patients with alcohol dependence.
Structural brain correlates of associative memory in older adults.
Neural correlates of valence generalization in an affective conditioning paradigm.
Neural basis of anticipatory anxiety reappraisals.
Individual differences in verbal creative thinking are reflected in the precuneus.
Altered frontal inter-hemispheric resting state functional connectivity is associated with bulimic symptoms among restrained eaters.
Development of common neural representations for distinct numerical problems.
Abnormal degree centrality in neurologically asymptomatic patients with end-stage renal disease: A resting-state fMRI study.
Neural sources of performance decline during continuous multitasking.
Notational usage modulates attention networks in binumerates.
An EEG-fMRI Study on the Termination of Generalized Spike-And-Wave Discharges in  Absence Epilepsy.
Neurofunctional Signature of Hyperfamiliarity for Unknown Faces.
Auditory intensity processing: Categorization versus comparison.
Verbal and nominal agreement: An fMRI study.
Neural correlates of fixation duration in natural reading: Evidence from fixation-related fMRI.
Accurate expectancies diminish perceptual distraction during visual search.
Imaging the where and when of tic generation and resting state networks in adult  Tourette patients.
Controllability modulates the neural response to predictable but not unpredictable threat in humans.
Visual cortex activity predicts subjective experience after reading books with colored letters.
Effects of social context on feedback-related activity in the human ventral striatum.
Altered Resting-State Brain Activity and Connectivity in Depressed Parkinson's Disease.
Genetic influences on resting-state functional networks: A twin study.
Functional network centrality in obesity: A resting-state and task fMRI study.
Processing emotional words in two languages with one brain: ERP and fMRI evidence from Chinese-English bilinguals.
Beyond the core face-processing network: Intracerebral stimulation of a face-selective area in the right anterior fusiform gyrus elicits transient prosopagnosia.
Feedback associated with expectation for larger-reward improves visuospatial working memory performances in children with ADHD.
Using fMRI to Investigate Memory in Young Children Born Small for Gestational Age.
The organization of the posterior parietal cortex devoted to upper limb actions:  An fMRI study.
Pantomiming tool use with an imaginary tool in hand as compared to demonstration  with tool in hand specifically modulates the left middle and superior temporal gyri.
Degree centrality and fractional amplitude of low-frequency oscillations associated with Stroop interference.
Delay and trace fear conditioning in a complex virtual learning environment-neural substrates of extinction.
Separate and overlapping brain areas encode subjective value during delay and effort discounting.
Neuroanatomical correlates of the sense of control: Gray and white matter volumes associated with an internal locus of control.
Diffusion tensor imaging in children with unilateral hearing loss: a pilot study.
Adaptation of the human visual system to the statistics of letters and line configurations.
Response control networks are selectively modulated by attention to rare events and memory load regardless of the need for inhibition.
Brain activation induced by psychological stress in patients with schizophrenia.
Functional activation abnormalities during facial emotion perception in schizophrenia patients and nonpsychotic relatives.
Longitudinal regional brain volume loss in schizophrenia: Relationship to antipsychotic medication and change in social function.
Neural dysfunction in ADHD with Reading Disability during a word rhyming Continuous Performance Task.
Reading visually embodied meaning from the brain: Visually grounded computational models decode visual-object mental imagery induced by written text.
Many ways to read your vowels--Neural processing of diacritics and vowel letters  in Hebrew.
Neural correlates of parent-child HPA axis coregulation.
Activity in the right fusiform face area predicts the behavioural advantage for the perception of familiar faces.
Brain Abnormalities in Congenital Fibrosis of the Extraocular Muscles Type 1: A Multimodal MRI Imaging Study.
"What letters can ""learn"" from Arabic digits--fMRI-controlled single case therapy  study of peripheral agraphia."
"Aberrant functioning of the putamen links delusions, antipsychotic drug dose, and compromised connectivity in first episode psychosis--Preliminary fMRI findings."
Organization of intrinsic functional brain connectivity predicts decisions to reciprocate social behavior.
A frontal attention mechanism in the visual mismatch negativity.
The effects of acute stress exposure on striatal activity during Pavlovian conditioning with monetary gains and losses.
Decreasing ventromedial prefrontal cortex deactivation in risky decision making after simulated microgravity: effects of -6 degrees head-down tilt bed rest.
Training of verbal creativity modulates brain activity in regions associated with language- and memory-related demands.
Resting state connectivity of the bed nucleus of the stria terminalis at ultra-high field.
Simultaneous perception of a spoken and a signed language: The brain basis of ASL-English code-blends.
Left inferior-parietal lobe activity in perspective tasks: identity statements.
"The effects of age, sex, and hormones on emotional conflict-related brain response during adolescence."
Group comparison of spatiotemporal dynamics of intrinsic networks in Parkinson's  disease.
Neural correlates of self-injurious behavior in Prader-Willi syndrome.
Functional MRI of Challenging Food Choices: Forced Choice between Equally Liked High- and Low-Calorie Foods in the Absence of Hunger.
Neural correlates of observing joint actions with shared intentions.
A two-step super-Gaussian independent component analysis approach for fMRI data.
Nicotinergic Modulation of Attention-Related Neural Activity Differentiates Polymorphisms of DRD2 and CHRNA4 Receptor Genes.
The neural basis of the Machiavellians' decision making in fair and unfair situations.
Feel the Noise: Relating Individual Differences in Auditory Imagery to the Structure and Function of Sensorimotor Systems.
Social reward improves the voluntary control over localized brain activity in fMRI-based neurofeedback training.
Using arterial spin labeling to examine mood states in youth.
Neural Substrates for Head Movements in Humans: A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study.
Observed manipulation enhances left fronto-parietal activations in the processing of unfamiliar tools.
Neural Networks for Mindfulness and Emotion Suppression.
Involvement of the Extrageniculate System in the Perception of Optical Illusions: A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study.
Inhibitory behavioral control: A stochastic dynamic causal modeling study comparing cocaine dependent subjects and controls.
Reversal of functional changes in the brain associated with obstructive sleep apnoea following 6 months of CPAP.
Increased skin conductance responses and neural activity during fear conditioning are associated with a repressive coping style.
When gaze opens the channel for communication: Integrative role of IFG and MPFC.
Attenuated Neural Processing of Risk in Young Adults at Risk for Stimulant Dependence.
Single-trial EEG-informed fMRI reveals spatial dependency of BOLD signal on early and late IC-ERP amplitudes during face recognition.
Temporal and Motor Representation of Rhythm in Fronto-Parietal Cortical Areas: An fMRI Study.
Dimensional schizotypy and social cognition: an fMRI imaging study.
Neural processing of basic tastes in healthy young and older adults - An fMRI study.
Single-task fMRI overlap predicts concurrent multitasking interference.
Neural correlates of anxiety sensitivity in panic disorder: A functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Neuroimaging the short- and long-term effects of repeated picture naming in healthy older adults.
Beta oscillations and reward processing: Coupling oscillatory activity and hemodynamic responses.
Decoding Accuracy in Supplementary Motor Cortex Correlates with Perceptual Sensitivity to Tactile Roughness.
Anorexia Nervosa during Adolescence Is Associated with Decreased Gray Matter Volume in the Inferior Frontal Gyrus.
"Associations between regional brain physiology and trait impulsivity, motor inhibition, and impaired control over drinking."
Generalization in Category Learning: The Roles of Representational and Decisional Uncertainty.
Emotion Reactivity Is Increased 4-6 Weeks Postpartum in Healthy Women: A Longitudinal fMRI Study.
Learning temporal statistics for sensory predictions in mild cognitive impairment.
Mid-adolescent neurocognitive development of ignoring and attending emotional stimuli.
The significance of caudate volume for age-related associative memory decline.
Functional and structural brain correlates of risk for major depression in children with familial depression.
Perceived animacy influences the processing of human-like surface features in the fusiform gyrus.
Top-down attention regulates the neural expression of audiovisual integration.
BDNF Val66Met polymorphism in patterns of neural activation in individuals with MDD and healthy controls.
The mediating role of LPFC-vmPFC functional connectivity in the relation between  regulatory mode and delay discounting.
Abnormal intrinsic brain activity patterns in leukoaraiosis with and without cognitive impairment.
Effects of intrinsic motivation on feedback processing during learning.
Cluster size statistic and cluster mass statistic: two novel methods for identifying changes in functional connectivity between groups or conditions.
Dissociating Two Stages of Preparation in the Stop Signal Task Using fMRI.
Disruption of caudate working memory activation in chronic blast-related traumatic brain injury.
Individual differences in common factors of emotional traits and executive functions predict functional connectivity of the amygdala.
"Brain structural, functional, and cognitive correlates of recent versus remote autobiographical memories in amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment."
Altered resting-state network connectivity in stroke patients with and without apraxia of speech.
Altered resting brain connectivity in persistent cancer related fatigue.
Dynamic brain architectures in local brain activity and functional network efficiency associate with efficient reading in bilinguals.
Negative symptoms in schizophrenia are associated with aberrant striato-cortical  connectivity in a rewarded perceptual decision-making task.
Functional connectivity underlying postural motor adaptation in people with multiple sclerosis.
"A greater involvement of posterior brain areas in interhemispheric transfer in autism: fMRI, DWI and behavioral evidences."
Increased cortico-striatal connectivity during motor practice contributes to the  consolidation of motor memory in writer's cramp patients.
"Multiple sclerosis, cannabis, and cognition: A structural MRI study."
Grey matter volumetric changes related to recovery from hand paresis after cortical sensorimotor stroke.
Convergent and Divergent fMRI Responses in Children and Adults to Increasing Language Production Demands.
Feedback on Trait or Action Impacts on Caudate and Paracingulum Activity.
Impaired planning in Parkinson's disease is reflected by reduced brain activation and connectivity.
Wavelet-based regularity analysis reveals recurrent spatiotemporal behavior in resting-state fMRI.
"Time-resolved detection of stimulus/task-related networks, via clustering of transient intersubject synchronization."
Anticipating conflict: Neural correlates of a Bayesian belief and its motor consequence.
Brain activity classifies adolescents with and without a familial history of substance use disorders.
Emotional face expression modulates occipital-frontal effective connectivity during memory formation in a bottom-up fashion.
An fMRI study of the functional mechanisms of Stroop/reverse-Stroop effects.
Greater Utilization of Neural-Circuits Related to Executive Functions is Associated with Better Reading: A Longitudinal fMRI Study Using the Verb Generation Task.
Adaptation to recent conflict in the classical color-word Stroop-task mainly involves facilitation of processing of task-relevant information.
Why we interact: on the functional role of the striatum in the subjective experience of social interaction.
Obesity is marked by distinct functional connectivity in brain networks involved  in food reward and salience.
The neural correlates of sex differences in left-right confusion.
Association between neuroticism and amygdala responsivity emerges under stressful conditions.
Network-level reorganisation of functional connectivity following arm amputation.
Distinct neural representations of placebo and nocebo effects.
The neuroanatomical basis of panic disorder and social phobia in schizophrenia: a voxel based morphometric study.
Interindividual variability in functional connectivity as long-term correlate of  temporal discounting.
The Roles of Left Versus Right Anterior Temporal Lobes in Conceptual Knowledge: An ALE Meta-analysis of 97 Functional Neuroimaging Studies.
The eye as a window to the listening brain: neural correlates of pupil size as a  measure of cognitive listening load.
Altered spontaneous brain activity in patients with acute spinal cord injury revealed by resting-state functional MRI.
"Neural and behavioral correlates of extended training during sleep deprivation in humans: evidence for local, task-specific effects."
Influence of epoch length on measurement of dynamic functional connectivity in wakefulness and behavioural validation in sleep.
Neural substrates underlying the passive observation and active control of translational egomotion.
Mothers know best: redirecting adolescent reward sensitivity toward safe behavior during risk taking.
Compensatory motor network connectivity is associated with motor sequence learning after subcortical stroke.
Modulation of hippocampal theta and hippocampal-prefrontal cortex function by a schizophrenia risk gene.
Larger amygdala volume in first-degree relatives of patients with major depression.
Fronto-insula network activity explains emotional dysfunctions in juvenile myoclonic epilepsy: combined evidence from pupillometry and fMRI.
Medial temporal lobe resection attenuates superior temporal sulcus response to faces.
Altered intrinsic hippocmapus declarative memory network and its association with impulsivity in abstinent heroin dependent subjects.
Functional neuroanatomical correlates of episodic memory impairment in early phase psychosis.
The selective impairment of resting-state functional connectivity of the lateral  subregion of the frontal pole in schizophrenia.
What can the brain teach us about winemaking? An fMRI study of alcohol level preferences.
Amygdala responses to unpleasant pictures are influenced by task demands and positive affect trait.
Using data-driven model-brain mappings to constrain formal models of cognition.
Phonology and arithmetic in the language-calculation network.
Alterations of monetary reward and punishment processing in chronic cannabis users: an FMRI study.
Enhancing sensorimotor activity by controlling virtual objects with gaze.
Diagnostic classification of schizophrenia patients on the basis of regional reward-related FMRI signal patterns.
Frequency-dependent changes of local resting oscillations in sleep-deprived brain.
The neural correlates of emotion regulation by implementation intentions.
Neural basis of nonanalytical reasoning expertise during clinical evaluation.
Neural evidence for the use of digit-image mnemonic in a superior memorist: an fMRI study.
The neural basis of novelty and appropriateness in processing of creative chunk decomposition.
The smelling of Hedione results in sex-differentiated human brain activity.
Structural and functional dysconnectivity of the fronto-thalamic system in schizophrenia: a DCM-DTI study.
Do I know you? Examining face and object memory in frontotemporal dementia.
Asymmetric development of dorsal and ventral attention networks in the human brain.
The neural correlates of semantic richness: evidence from an fMRI study of word learning.
"Default mode network, motor network, dorsal and ventral basal ganglia networks in the rat brain: comparison to human networks using resting state-fMRI."
Endogenous testosterone levels are associated with neural activity in men with schizophrenia during facial emotion processing.
Manipulating motor performance and memory through real-time fMRI neurofeedback.
"Autism: reduced connectivity between cortical areas involved in face expression,  theory of mind, and the sense of self."
Altered functional connectivity between medial prefrontal cortex and the inferior brainstem in major depression during appraisal of subjective emotional responses: A preliminary study.
In a sweet mood? Effects of experimental modulation of blood glucose levels on mood-induction during fMRI.
The processing of lexical ambiguity in healthy ageing and Parkinsons disease: role of cortico-subcortical networks.
Altered neural basis of the reality processing and its relation to cognitive insight in schizophrenia.
Surface vulnerability of cerebral cortex to major depressive disorder.
You are the danger: attenuated insula response in methamphetamine users during aversive interoceptive decision-making.
Neural control of enhanced filtering demands in a combined Flanker and Garner conflict task.
Default mode network connectivity as a function of familial and environmental risk for psychotic disorder.
The influence of orthographic depth on reading networks in simultaneous biliterate children.
"Dissociation of anatomical and functional alterations of the default-mode network in first-episode, drug-naive schizophrenia."
"Variation in functional connectivity along anterior-to-posterior intraparietal sulcus, and relationship with age across late childhood and adolescence."
Modulating effect of COMT Val(158)Met polymorphism on interference resolution during a working memory task.
A multimodal mapping study of conduction aphasia with impaired repetition and spared reading aloud.
Cortical networks dynamically emerge with the interplay of slow and fast oscillations for memory of a natural scene.
Video game training and the reward system.
Seeking pleasant touch: neural correlates of behavioral preferences for skin stroking.
Converging evidence for the neuroanatomic basis of combinatorial semantics in the angular gyrus.
Brain structures and functional connectivity associated with individual differences in Internet tendency in healthy young adults.
Decoding vigilance with NIRS.
Clarifying the neural basis for incentive salience of tobacco cues in smokers.
fMRI identifies chronotype-specific brain activation associated with attention to motion--why we need to know when subjects go to bed.
Role of the sensorimotor cortex in tourette syndrome using multimodal imaging.
Abnormalities of structural covariance networks in drug-naive boys with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.
Functional mapping of dynamic happy and fearful facial expressions in young adults with familial risk for psychosis - Oulu Brain and Mind Study.
Monitoring mechanisms in visual search: an fMRI study.
Psychophysical and neurophysiological responses to acupuncture stimulation to incorporated rubber hand.
Interaction between oxytocin receptor polymorphism and interdependent culture values on human empathy.
Intrinsic connectivity in the human brain does not reveal networks for 'basic' emotions.
Changes in thalamic connectivity in the early and late stages of amnestic mild cognitive impairment: a resting-state functional magnetic resonance study from ADNI.
The patterns of fractional amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations in depression  patients: the dissociation between temporal regions and fronto-parietal regions.
Epigenetic modification of the oxytocin receptor gene influences the perception of anger and fear in the human brain.
Simulating fiction: individual differences in literature comprehension revealed with FMRI.
Mirroring pain in the brain: emotional expression versus motor imitation.
The magical activation of left amygdala when reading Harry Potter: an fMRI study  on how descriptions of supra-natural events entertain and enchant.
An fMRI study of cognitive control in problem gamers.
Physics instruction induces changes in neural knowledge representation during successive stages of learning.
Brain representations for acquiring and recalling visual-motor adaptations.
Altered structural connectivity and trait anhedonia in patients with schizophrenia.
Directionality of large-scale resting-state brain networks during eyes open and eyes closed conditions.
Neural correlates of single word reading in bilingual children and adults.
Changes in functional connectivity within the fronto-temporal brain network induced by regular and irregular Russian verb production.
The role of the insula in speech and language processing.
Characterizing the associative content of brain structures involved in habitual and goal-directed actions in humans: a multivariate FMRI study.
Influence of dorsolateral prefrontal cortex and ventral striatum on risk avoidance in addiction: a mediation analysis.
Domain-independent neural underpinning of task-switching: an fMRI investigation.
Connectivity and functional profiling of abnormal brain structures in pedophilia.
Prediction of brain maturity based on cortical thickness at different spatial resolutions.
"Differences between target and non-target probe processing--combined evidence from fMRI, EEG and fMRI-constrained source analysis."
Motivation by potential gains and losses affects control processes via different  mechanisms in the attentional network.
The neural basis of deception in strategic interactions.
Distinct neural networks underlying empathy for pleasant and unpleasant touch.
Spatial imagery in haptic shape perception.
Fear-potentiated startle processing in humans: Parallel fMRI and orbicularis EMG  assessment during cue conditioning and extinction.
Exploring task-related variability in fMRI data using fluctuations in power spectrum of simultaneously acquired EEG.
Effects of chronic and acute stimulants on brain functional connectivity hubs.
Functional connectivity patterns reflect individual differences in conflict adaptation.
Lower dorsal striatum activation in association with neuroticism during the acceptance of unfair offers.
Enhanced Neuroactivation during Working Memory Task in Postmenopausal Women Receiving Hormone Therapy: A Coordinate-Based Meta-Analysis.
Resting-state functional connectivity and pitch identification ability in non-musicians.
Successful decoding of famous faces in the fusiform face area.
Familiarity differentially affects right hemisphere contributions to processing metaphors and literals.
The neuroanatomical delineation of agentic and affiliative extraversion.
Motor fMRI and cortical grey matter volume in adults born very preterm.
Neural correlates of taste perception in congenital blindness.
Predicting moment-to-moment attentional state.
The default mode network is disrupted in Parkinson's disease with visual hallucinations.
Real-time EEG feedback during simultaneous EEG-fMRI identifies the cortical signature of motor imagery.
Clarifying the role of theory of mind areas during visual perspective taking: Issues of spontaneity and domain-specificity.
The simple act of choosing influences declarative memory.
The EEG and fMRI signatures of neural integration: An investigation of meaningful gestures and corresponding speech.
beta-Adrenoceptor blockade modulates fusiform gyrus activity to black versus white faces.
Disruption of response inhibition circuits in prodromal Huntington disease.
Specific locations within the white matter and cortex are involved in the cognitive impairments associated with periventricular white matter lesions (PWMLs).
Reduced default mode network connectivity in schizophrenia patients.
Functional Brain Activity Relates to 0-3 and 3-8 Hz Force Oscillations in Essential Tremor.
Severely deficient autobiographical memory (SDAM) in healthy adults: A new mnemonic syndrome.
Differentiating neural systems mediating the acquisition vs. expression of goal-directed and habitual behavioral control.
Overlapping networks engaged during spoken language production and its cognitive  control.
Impaired Recognition and Regulation of Disgust Is Associated with Distinct but Partially Overlapping Patterns of Decreased Gray Matter Volume in the Ventroanterior Insula.
Dissociating estimation from comparison and response eliminates parietal involvement in sequential numerosity perception.
Enhanced visuo-haptic integration for the non-dominant hand.
Developmental sex differences in resting state functional connectivity of amygdala sub-regions.
FDA cigarette warning labels lower craving and elicit frontoinsular activation in adolescent smokers.
Frequency-dependent changes in the regional amplitude and synchronization of resting-state functional MRI in stroke.
Action processing and mirror neuron function in patients with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis: an fMRI study.
cTBS delivered to the left somatosensory cortex changes its functional connectivity during rest.
Proneness to social anxiety modulates neural complexity in the absence of exposure: A resting state fMRI study using Hurst exponent.
Altered resting-state functional connectivity in cortical networks in psychopathy.
"Reward sensitivity modulates brain activity in the prefrontal cortex, ACC and striatum during task switching."
Neurofunctional correlates of environmental cognition: an FMRI study with images  from episodic memory.
Functional network mediates age-related differences in reaction time: a replication and extension study.
Enhanced disease characterization through multi network functional normalization  in fMRI.
The language skeleton after dissecting meaning: A functional segregation within Broca's Area.
In our own image? Emotional and neural processing differences when observing human-human vs human-robot interactions.
Cerebral processing of umami: A pilot study on the effects of familiarity.
Studying memory encoding to promote reliable engagement of the medial temporal lobe at the single-subject level.
The integrity of the cholinergic system determines memory performance in healthy  elderly.
A common gustatory and interoceptive representation in the human mid-insula.
Temporal dynamics of stress-induced alternations of intrinsic amygdala connectivity and neuroendocrine levels.
Gender-specific modulation of neural mechanisms underlying social reward processing by Autism Quotient.
Nature of functional links in valuation networks differentiates impulsive behaviors between abstinent heroin-dependent subjects and nondrug-using subjects.
Domain-general involvement of the posterior frontolateral cortex in time-based resource-sharing in working memory: An fMRI study.
Imaging learned fear circuitry in awake mice using fMRI.
Altered effective connectivity model in the default mode network between bipolar  and unipolar depression based on resting-state fMRI.
Interaction effect between handedness and CNTNAP2 polymorphism (rs7794745 genotype) on voice-specific frontotemporal activity in healthy individuals: an fMRI study.
Childhood poverty and recruitment of adult emotion regulatory neurocircuitry.
Interhemispheric Functional and Structural Disconnection in Alzheimer's Disease:  A Combined Resting-State fMRI and DTI Study.
Predicting stroop effect from spontaneous neuronal activity: a study of regional  homogeneity.
Neural patterns underlying social comparisons of personal performance.
Symptom severity and disgust-related traits in borderline personality disorder: The role of amygdala subdivisions.
Recognition of personally familiar faces and functional connectivity in Alzheimer's disease.
Increased mesolimbic cue-reactivity in carriers of the mu-opioid-receptor gene OPRM1 A118G polymorphism predicts drinking outcome: A functional imaging study in alcohol dependent subjects.
The impact of initiation: Early onset marijuana smokers demonstrate altered Stroop performance and brain activation.
Long-and short-range functional connectivity density alteration in non-alcoholic  cirrhotic patients one month after liver transplantation: A resting-state fMRI study.
Grey matter volumes in treatment naive vs. chronically treated children with attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder: a combined approach.
Forgetting the best when predicting the worst: Preliminary observations on neural circuit function in adolescent social anxiety.
Distinct neural processes are engaged in the modulation of mimicry by social group-membership and emotional expressions.
Altered resting-state functional connectivity of the frontal-striatal reward system in social anxiety disorder.
DIR-visible grey matter lesions and atrophy in multiple sclerosis: partners in crime?
Automatic representation of a visual stimulus relative to a background in the right precuneus.
Suggestion-Induced Modulation of Semantic Priming during Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging.
The ties that bind: Group membership shapes the neural correlates of in-group favoritism.
Lost in spatial translation - A novel tool to objectively assess spatial disorientation in Alzheimer's disease and frontotemporal dementia.
Brain functional plasticity associated with the emergence of expertise in extreme language control.
Effects of serotonin depletion on punishment processing in the orbitofrontal and  anterior cingulate cortices of healthy women.
Goal- and retrieval-dependent activity in the striatum during memory recognition.
"Dissociation of regional activity in default mode network in medication-naive, first-episode somatization disorder."
Elemental spatial and temporal association formation in left temporal lobe epilepsy.
Resting state networks distinguish human ventral tegmental area from substantia nigra.
Posterior cingulate cortex-related co-activation patterns: a resting state FMRI study in propofol-induced loss of consciousness.
Processing of bilateral versus unilateral conditions: evidence for the functional contribution of the ventral attention network.
Neural Correlates of Animacy Attribution Include Neocerebellum in Healthy Adults.
Altered organization of face-processing networks in temporal lobe epilepsy.
How the brain predicts people's behavior in relation to rules and desires. Evidence of a medio-prefrontal dissociation.
Machine learning classification of resting state functional connectivity predicts smoking status.
Memory detection using fMRI - Does the encoding context matter?
Shared dimensions of performance and activation dysfunction in cognitive control  in females with mood disorders.
Oxytocin reduces neural activity in the pain circuitry when seeing pain in others.
Rivalry of homeostatic and sensory-evoked emotions: Dehydration attenuates olfactory disgust and its neural correlates.
The role of the frontopolar cortex in manipulation of integrated information in working memory.
Language control in bilinguals: Intention to speak vs. execution of speech.
Amygdala signals subjective appetitiveness and aversiveness of mixed gambles.
Altered hemodynamic activity in conduct disorder: a resting-state FMRI investigation.
Magnocellular-dorsal pathway function is associated with orthographic but not phonological skill: fMRI evidence from skilled Chinese readers.
Why do we make mistakes? Neurocognitive processes during the preparation-perception-action cycle and error-detection.
Neural correlates of cognitive style and flexible cognitive control.
Effects of personal space intrusion in affective contexts: an fMRI investigation  with women suffering from borderline personality disorder.
Neural correlates of aberrant emotional salience predict psychotic symptoms and global functioning in high-risk and first-episode psychosis.
Anticipation of high arousal aversive and positive movie clips engages common and distinct neural substrates.
Differentiating self-projection from simulation during mentalizing: evidence from fMRI.
"A preliminary fMRI study of a novel self-paced written fluency task: observation  of left-hemispheric activation, and increased frontal activation in late vs. early task phases."
Neural correlates of high-risk behavior tendencies and impulsivity in an emotional Go/NoGo fMRI task.
Distinct neural responses to conscious versus unconscious monetary reward cues.
Hippocampus is place of interaction between unconscious and conscious memories.
Altered insular activation and increased insular functional connectivity during sad and happy face processing in adolescent major depressive disorder.
"Neurofunctional correlates of ethical, food-related decision-making."
The effect of beta-amyloid on face processing in young and old adults: A multivariate analysis of the BOLD signal.
A pilot fMRI study of the effect of stressful factors on the onset of depression  in female patients.
Sex differences in orbitofrontal connectivity in male and female veterans with TBI.
Altered functional connectivity in the brain default-mode network of earthquake survivors persists after 2 years despite recovery from anxiety symptoms.
Effect of direct eye contact in women with PTSD related to interpersonal trauma:  Psychophysiological interaction analysis of connectivity of an innate alarm system.
"Longitudinal alterations to brain function, structure, and cognitive performance  in healthy older adults: A fMRI-DTI study."
Aberrant default-mode functional and structural connectivity in heroin-dependent  individuals.
Emotion-motion interactions in conversion disorder: an FMRI study.
Personal involvement is related to increased search motivation and associated with activity in left BA44-a pilot study.
Hippocampal subfield and medial temporal cortical persistent activity during working memory reflects ongoing encoding.
Native language experience shapes neural basis of addressed and assembled phonologies.
Three-dimensional grammar in the brain: Dissociating the neural correlates of natural sign language and manually coded spoken language.
Exploring the patterns of acupuncture on mild cognitive impairment patients using regional homogeneity.
Decreased insular connectivity in drug-naive major depressive disorder at rest.
The Human Motor System Supports Sequence-Specific Representations over Multiple Training-Dependent Timescales.
Dyslexic children lack word selectivity gradients in occipito-temporal and inferior frontal cortex.
Diffuse alterations in grey and white matter associated with cognitive impairment in Shwachman-Diamond syndrome: evidence from a multimodal approach.
Multimodal MRI and cognitive function in patients with breast cancer prior to adjuvant treatment--the role of fatigue.
Age related-changes in the neural basis of self-generation in verbal paired associate learning.
Neural correlates of cerebellar-mediated timing during finger tapping in children with fetal alcohol spectrum disorders.
Supraspinal Control of Urine Storage and Micturition in Men-An fMRI Study.
Neural correlates of taste and pleasantness evaluation in the metabolic syndrome.
Modulation of prefrontal functioning in attention systems by NPSR1 gene variation.
Neural correlates of informational cascades: brain mechanisms of social influence on belief updating.
Flexible adaptive paradigms for fMRI using a novel software package 'Brain Analysis in Real-Time' (BART).
The time course of task-specific memory consolidation effects in resting state networks.
Neural correlates of response inhibition in current and former smokers.
Advice Taking from Humans and Machines: An fMRI and Effective Connectivity Study.
Tractography-based parcellation of the human left inferior parietal lobule.
Resting state brain function analysis using concurrent BOLD in ASL perfusion fMRI.
Neural correlates of adaptation in freely-moving normal hearing subjects under cochlear implant acoustic simulations.
Culture and its neurofunctional correlates when death is in mind.
Deficient modulation of pain by a positive emotional context in fibromyalgia patients.
White matter abnormalities in adults with 22q11 deletion syndrome with and without schizophrenia.
Impact of contour on aesthetic judgments and approach-avoidance decisions in architecture.
"Visual avoidance in phobia: particularities in neural activity, autonomic responding, and cognitive risk evaluations."
Altered regional homogeneity with short-term simulated microgravity and its relationship with changed performance in mental transformation.
A large scale (N=102) functional neuroimaging study of response inhibition in a Go/NoGo task.
Do mirror neuron areas mediate mu rhythm suppression during imitation and action  observation?
Gray and white matter reduction in hyposmic subjects--A voxel-based morphometry study.
A voxel-based morphometry study of gray and white matter correlates of a need for uniqueness.
Voxel-based morphometric gray matter correlates of daytime sleepiness.
COMT Val158Met x SLC6A4 5-HTTLPR interaction impacts on gray matter volume of regions supporting emotion processing.
"Network dysfunction during associative learning in schizophrenia: Increased activation, but decreased connectivity: an fMRI study."
Motivational salience and genetic variability of dopamine D2 receptor expression  interact in the modulation of interference processing.
"Amygdala, pulvinar, and inferior parietal cortex contribute to early processing of faces without awareness."
Cognitive Reappraisal of Emotion: A Meta-Analysis of Human Neuroimaging Studies.
White-matter density abnormalities in depressive patients with and without childhood neglect: a voxel-based morphometry (VBM) analysis.
Differences in global and local level information processing in autism: an fMRI investigation.
Altered volume and lateralization of language-related regions in first-episode schizophrenia.
Emotion-related brain activity to conflicting socio-emotional cues in unmedicated depression.
Posterior cerebellar vermal deficits in bipolar disorder.
Cortico-subcortical activation patterns for itch and pain imagery.
Comparing neural response to painful electrical stimulation with functional MRI at 3 and 7 T.
The amygdala encodes level of perceived fear but not emotional ambiguity in visual scenes.
Prefrontal inhibition of threat processing reduces working memory interference.
Neural substrates of classically conditioned fear-generalization in humans: a parametric fMRI study.
Structural brain correlates of human sleep oscillations.
Neurofunctional effects of methylphenidate and atomoxetine in boys with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder during time discrimination.
Altered resting-state brain activity at functional MRI during automatic memory consolidation of fear conditioning.
Specific frequency band of amplitude low-frequency fl uctuation predicts Parkinson's disease.
Groupwise spatial normalization of fMRI data based on multi-range functional connectivity patterns.
Print-specific multimodal brain activation in kindergarten improves prediction of reading skills in second grade.
Differentiating core and co-opted mechanisms in calculation: the neuroimaging of  calculation in aphasia.
Dissociating frontal regions that co-lateralize with different ventral occipitotemporal regions during word processing.
Storage of a naturally acquired conditioned response is impaired in patients with cerebellar degeneration.
Perceived stress predicts altered reward and loss feedback processing in medial prefrontal cortex.
Neural correlates of deception in social contexts in normally developing children.
Aberrant regional neural fluctuations and functional connectivity in generalized anxiety disorder revealed by resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Where does brain neural activation in aesthetic responses to visual art occur? Meta-analytic evidence from neuroimaging studies.
Insular Dysfunction Reflects Altered Between-Network Connectivity and Severity of Negative Symptoms in Schizophrenia during Psychotic Remission.
Personality traits modulate neural responses to emotions expressed in music.
Distinct neural activation patterns underlie economic decisions in high and low psychopathy scorers.
Early and late onset Alzheimer's disease patients have distinct patterns of white matter damage.
Don't be Too Strict with Yourself! Rigid Negative Self-Representation in Healthy  Subjects Mimics the Neurocognitive Profile of Depression for Autobiographical Memory.
Cortical oxygen consumption in mental arithmetic as a function of task difficulty: a near-infrared spectroscopy approach.
"Recollection, familiarity, and content-sensitivity in lateral parietal cortex: a  high-resolution fMRI study."
"Listening to an audio drama activates two processing networks, one for all sounds, another exclusively for speech."
Communicative versus strategic rationality: Habermas theory of communicative action and the social brain.
Foraging under competition: the neural basis of input-matching in humans.
Cortisol and induced cognitive fatigue: effects on memory activation in healthy males.
Is aberrant functional connectivity a psychosis endophenotype? A resting state functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Neural mechanisms underlying ecstasy-related attentional bias.
Mapping the reading circuitry for skilled deaf readers: an fMRI study of semantic and phonological processing.
Time-on-task and sleep deprivation effects are evidenced in overlapping brain areas.
The neural substrates of the warning effect: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
The search for the number form area: A functional neuroimaging meta-analysis.
Cortical thickness and low insight into symptoms in enduring schizophrenia.
Distinct patterns of functional brain connectivity correlate with objective performance and subjective beliefs.
Longitudinal changes in brains of patients with fluent primary progressive aphasia.
The contribution of fronto-parietal regions to sentence comprehension: insights from the Moses illusion.
"Relationships between years of education and gray matter volume, metabolism and functional connectivity in healthy elders."
Neuroanatomical correlates of attitudes toward suicide in a large healthy sample: A voxel-based morphometric analysis.
Neural mechanisms of cognitive reappraisal in remitted major depressive disorder.
Over-activation in bilateral superior temporal gyrus correlated with subsequent forgetting effect of Chinese words.
Sensorimotor-independent prefrontal activity during response inhibition.
Cortical thickness and voxel-based morphometry in depressed elderly.
Evidence of impaired brain activity balance after passive sensorimotor stimulation in multiple sclerosis.
Altered neural circuits related to sustained attention and executive control in children with ADHD: an event-related fMRI study.
"Human neuroimaging reveals the subcomponents of grasping, reaching and pointing actions."
"Interoceptive and multimodal functions of the operculo-insular cortex: tactile, nociceptive and vestibular representations."
Decreased gray matter volume is associated with the subtypes of psychotic symptoms in patients with antipsychotic-naïve mild or moderate Alzheimer's disease: A voxel-based morphometry study.
"She runs, the road runs, my mind runs, bad blood runs between us: literal and figurative motion verbs: an fMRI study."
Age-dependent atypicalities in body- and face-sensitive activation of the EBA and FFA in individuals with ASD.
"Neural processing of negative emotional stimuli and the influence of age, sex and task-related characteristics."
Tired and apprehensive: anxiety amplifies the impact of sleep loss on aversive brain anticipation.
The differential effects of reward on space- and object-based attentional allocation.
Methamphetamine dependent individuals show attenuated brain response to pleasant  interoceptive stimuli.
Resting-state fMRI mapping of cerebellar functional dysconnections involving multiple large-scale networks in patients with schizophrenia.
Serotonin 2A receptors contribute to the regulation of risk-averse decisions.
Effects of acute alcohol intoxication on saccadic conflict and error processing.
The role of 5-HT in response inhibition and re-engagement.
Decreased and increased cerebral regional homogeneity in early Parkinson's disease.
An fMRI examination of the effects of acoustic-phonetic and lexical competition on access to the lexical-semantic network.
A NIRS-fMRI investigation of prefrontal cortex activity during a working memory task.
Interactions between reward and threat during visual processing.
Age-dependent changes in the neural substrates of empathy in autism spectrum disorder.
Cognitive and affective theory of mind share the same local patterns of activity  in posterior temporal but not medial prefrontal cortex.
Visual Predictions in the Orbitofrontal Cortex Rely on Associative Content.
fMRI evidence of a hot-cold empathy gap in hypothetical and real aversive choices.
The amygdalostriatal and corticostriatal effective connectivity in anticipation and evaluation of facial attractiveness.
Cognitive subtypes of dyslexia are characterized by distinct patterns of grey matter volume.
Long-term occupational stress is associated with regional reductions in brain tissue volumes.
Subregions of the human superior frontal gyrus and their connections.
Voxel-based morphometry in women with borderline personality disorder with and without comorbid posttraumatic stress disorder.
The fusiform face area responds equivalently to faces and abstract shapes in the  left and central visual fields.
Different impressions of other agents obtained through social interaction uniquely modulate dorsal and ventral pathway activities in the social human brain.
The neural correlates of cognitive control in bipolar I disorder: an fMRI study of medial frontal cortex activation during a Go/No-go task.
Just watching the game ain't enough: striatal fMRI reward responses to successes  and failures in a video game during active and vicarious playing.
Reward pathway dysfunction in gambling disorder: A meta-analysis of functional magnetic resonance imaging studies.
Dynamics of brain activity underlying working memory for music in a naturalistic condition.
Traits are represented in the medial prefrontal cortex: an fMRI adaptation study.
A critical role for the hippocampus and perirhinal cortex in perceptual learning  of scenes and faces: complementary findings from amnesia and FMRI.
Modulation of brain response to emotional conflict as a function of current mood in bipolar disorder: preliminary findings from a follow-up state-based fMRI study.
The neural correlates of moral decision-making: A systematic review and meta-analysis of moral evaluations and response decision judgements.
A balancing act of the brain: activations and deactivations driven by cognitive load.
Temporal Sequencing of Brain Activations During Naturally Occurring Thermoregulatory Events.
How the brain detects invariance and inhibits variance during category induction.
The effects of mindfulness-based cognitive therapy in patients with bipolar disorder: a controlled functional MRI investigation.
The influence of monetary punishment on cognitive control in abstinent cocaine-users.
Neural underpinnings of behavioural strategies that prioritize either cognitive task performance or pain.
Resting state functional connectivity associated with trait emotional intelligence.
Altered affective processing in bipolar disorder: an fMRI study.
Reduced neuro-integration from the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex to the whole brain and executive dysfunction in schizophrenia patients and their relatives.
The perception of dynamic and static facial expressions of happiness and disgust  investigated by ERPs and fMRI constrained source analysis.
The ups and downs of repetition: modulation of the perirhinal cortex by conceptual repetition predicts priming and long-term memory.
Social perception in schizophrenia: evidence of temporo-occipital and prefrontal  dysfunction.
Modulation of amygdala response and connectivity in depression by serotonin transporter polymorphism and diagnosis.
Neural correlates of episodic memory: associative memory and confidence drive hippocampus activations.
Greater risk sensitivity of dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in young smokers than  in nonsmokers.
Neuromagnetic Evidence of Abnormal Movement-Related Beta Desynchronization in Parkinson's Disease.
Fixation-Related fMRI Analysis in the Domain of Reading Research: Using Self-Paced Eye Movements as Markers for Hemodynamic Brain Responses During Visual Letter String Processing.
Functional Connectivity and Brain Activation: A Synergistic Approach.
Neural correlates of the perception for novel objects.
Perceptual integration for qualitatively different 3-D cues in the human brain.
The impact of distractor congruency on stimulus processing in retinotopic visual  cortex.
Linear association between social anxiety symptoms and neural activations to angry faces: from subclinical to clinical levels.
Shared neural substrates of emotionally enhanced perceptual and mnemonic vividness.
Childhood maternal support and social capital moderate the regulatory impact of social relationships in adulthood.
Correlations between brain activity and components of motor learning in middle-aged adults: an fMRI study.
High proficiency in a second language is characterized by greater involvement of  the first language network: evidence from Chinese learners of English.
Inhibitory control and trait aggression: neural and behavioral insights using the emotional stop signal task.
Sex matters: Neural correlates of voice gender perception.
Task-load manipulation in the Symbol Digit Modalities Test: an alternative measure of information processing speed.
Dissociable fronto-striatal effects of dopamine D2 receptor stimulation on cognitive versus motor flexibility.
Social manipulation of preference in the human brain.
Hypnotic susceptibility modulates brain activity related to experimental placebo  analgesia.
Brain anatomical substrates of mirror movements in Kallmann syndrome.
Mean-based neural coding of voices.
Tactile stimulation and hemispheric asymmetries modulate auditory perception and  neural responses in primary auditory cortex.
Role of the hippocampus and orbitofrontal cortex during the disambiguation of social cues in working memory.
White-matter microstructure and language lateralization in left-handers: a whole-brain MRI analysis.
An fMRI study on sunk cost effect.
Ventromedial prefrontal cortex and the regulation of physiological arousal.
The BDNF Val66Met polymorphism has opposite effects on memory circuits of multiple sclerosis patients and controls.
Hyperthermia-induced disruption of functional connectivity in the human brain network.
Sex differences in the neural correlates of affective experience.
Dopaminergic basis of the psychosis-prone personality investigated with functional magnetic resonance imaging of procedural learning.
Altered Neuronal Response During Rapid Auditory Processing and Its Relation to Phonological Processing in Prereading Children at Familial Risk for Dyslexia.
Processing own-age vs. other-age faces: neuro-behavioral correlates and effects of emotion.
"Modulating arithmetic fact retrieval: a single-blind, sham-controlled tDCS study  with repeated fMRI measurements."
Neural correlates of retrieval-based memory enhancement: an fMRI study of the testing effect.
Neural congruency effects in the multi-source interference task vanish in healthy youth after controlling for conditional differences in mean RT.
Spatial orienting in complex audiovisual environments.
Longitudinal change in the neural bases of adolescent social self-evaluations: effects of age and pubertal development.
Brain and effort: brain activation and effort-related working memory in healthy participants and patients with working memory deficits.
"Self-control, negative affect and neural activity during effortful cognition in deprived smokers."
The congruency effect in the posterior medial frontal cortex is more consistent with time on task than with response conflict.
Diminished activation of motor working-memory networks in Parkinson's disease.
Disruption of anterior insula modulation of large-scale brain networks in schizophrenia.
Semantic versus perceptual interactions in neural processing of speech-in-noise.
Age-related differences in memory-encoding fMRI responses after accounting for decline in vascular reactivity.
Long-range functional interactions of anterior insula and medial frontal cortex are differently modulated by visuospatial and inductive reasoning tasks.
Sex-specific gray matter volume differences in females with developmental dyslexia.
Neural response in obsessive-compulsive washers depends on individual fit of triggers.
Mapping interhemispheric connectivity using functional MRI after transcranial magnetic stimulation on the human auditory cortex.
Audiovisual integration of speech is disturbed in schizophrenia: an fMRI study.
Bimanual motor coordination in older adults is associated with increased functional brain connectivity--a graph-theoretical analysis.
Increased cortical activity in binge drinkers during working memory task: a preliminary assessment through a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
"Microscopic diffusion anisotropy in the human brain: reproducibility, normal values, and comparison with the fractional anisotropy."
Gray matter brain volumes in childhood-maltreated patients with bipolar disorder type I: A voxel-based morphometric study.
BOLD Frequency Power Indexes Working Memory Performance.
Action prediction in younger versus older adults: neural correlates of motor familiarity.
Explicit verbal memory impairments associated with brain functional deficits and morphological alterations in patients with generalized anxiety disorder.
Altered hub configurations within default mode network following acupuncture at ST36: a multimodal investigation combining fMRI and MEG.
"T'ain't what you say, it's the way that you say it--left insula and inferior frontal cortex work in interaction with superior temporal regions to control the  performance of vocal impersonations."
Switch the itch: a naturalistic follow-up study on the neural correlates of cognitive flexibility in obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Abnormal interhemispheric resting state functional connectivity of the insula in heroin users under methadone maintenance treatment.
Menstrual pain is associated with rapid structural alterations in the brain.
Extended self: spontaneous activation of medial prefrontal cortex by objects that are 'mine'
Disrupted causal connectivity in mesial temporal lobe epilepsy.
Disorder-specific predictive classification of adolescents with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) relative to autism using structural magnetic resonance imaging.
Combined ERP/fMRI evidence for early word recognition effects in the posterior inferior temporal gyrus.
"Cytoarchitecture, probability maps and functions of the human frontal pole."
Comparing the actions of lanicemine and ketamine in depression: key role of the anterior cingulate.
Schizophrenia and the brain's control network: aberrant within- and between-network connectivity of the frontoparietal network in schizophrenia.
Cortical thickness and VBM-DARTEL in late-life depression.
Cocaine addiction related reproducible brain regions of abnormal default-mode network functional connectivity: a group ICA study with different model orders.
Emotion modulates activity in the 'what' but not 'where' auditory processing pathway.
Psychophysiological responses to pain identify reproducible human clusters.
Heightened emotional contagion in mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer's disease is associated with temporal lobe degeneration.
Ongoing neural development of affective theory of mind in adolescence.
The neural bases of the multiplication problem-size effect across countries.
Abnormal baseline brain activity in non-depressed Parkinson's disease and depressed Parkinson's disease: a resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Sustained deep-tissue pain alters functional brain connectivity.
Reward-related neural responses are dependent on the beneficiary.
Graph network analysis of immediate motor-learning induced changes in resting state BOLD.
Automatic processing of unattended object features by functional connectivity.
Neural correlates of sound localization in complex acoustic environments.
Evaluation of enhanced attention to local detail in anorexia nervosa using the embedded figures test; an FMRI study.
Different types of laughter modulate connectivity within distinct parts of the laughter perception network.
Reduced cortical thickness and its association with social reactivity in children with autism spectrum disorder.
Self-regulation of human brain activity using simultaneous real-time fMRI and EEG neurofeedback.
Heterogeneous and nonlinear development of human posterior parietal cortex function.
Reduced functional connectivity and asymmetry of the planum temporale in patients with schizophrenia and first-degree relatives.
Exposure to violence reduces empathetic responses to other's pain.
Functional MRI of cerebellar activity during eyeblink classical conditioning in children and adults.
Adaptive cluster analysis approach for functional localization using magnetoencephalography.
Neural basis of impaired cognitive flexibility in patients with anorexia nervosa.
Impaired inhibitory control in anorexia nervosa elicited by physical activity stimuli.
Nonlinear cerebral atrophy patterns across the Alzheimer's disease continuum: impact of APOE4 genotype.
Stimulus value signals in ventromedial PFC reflect the integration of attribute value signals computed in fusiform gyrus and posterior superior temporal gyrus.
Prefrontal cholinergic mechanisms instigating shifts from monitoring for cues to  cue-guided performance: converging electrochemical and fMRI evidence from rats and humans.
Blunted feelings: Alexithymia is associated with a diminished neural response to  speech prosody.
Prospective associations between brain activation to cocaine and no-go cues and cocaine relapse.
Neural effects of positive and negative incentives during marijuana withdrawal.
Facilitation of naming in aphasia with auditory repetition: an investigation of neurocognitive mechanisms.
Everyday conversation requires cognitive inference: neural bases of comprehending implicated meanings in conversations.
The challenge of localizing the anterior temporal face area: a possible solution.
The roles of superficial amygdala and auditory cortex in music-evoked fear and joy.
Hippocampal activation during extinction learning predicts occurrence of the renewal effect in extinction recall.
Magnetic resonance imaging in patients with borderline personality disorder: a study of volumetric abnormalities.
How emotional abilities modulate the influence of early life stress on hippocampal functioning.
Volume reductions in frontopolar and left perisylvian cortices in methamphetamine induced psychosis.
Orientation pop-out processing in human visual cortex.
Preventing Alzheimer's disease-related gray matter atrophy by B-vitamin treatment.
Networks involved in olfaction and their dynamics using independent component analysis and unified structural equation modeling.
Interference from related actions in spoken word production: Behavioural and fMRI evidence.
Competitive mechanisms in sentence processing: common and distinct production and reading comprehension networks linked to the prefrontal cortex.
Autobiographical memory in semantic dementia: new insights from two patients using fMRI.
Disintegration of multisensory signals from the real hand reduces default limb self-attribution: an fMRI study.
Failure in developing high-level visual functions after occipitoparietal lesions  at an early age: a case study.
Neural response to emotional stimuli associated with successful antidepressant treatment and behavioral activation.
fMRI response during figural memory task performance in college drinkers.
Error processing in current and former cocaine users.
Brain connectivity in non-reading impaired children and children diagnosed with developmental dyslexia.
Involvement of right STS in audio-visual integration for affective speech demonstrated using MEG.
Aberrant functional connectivity of resting state networks in transient ischemic  attack.
"Cortical thickness, surface area, and gyrification abnormalities in children exposed to maltreatment: neural markers of vulnerability?"
Brain organization underlying superior mathematical abilities in children with autism.
Functional and structural amygdala - anterior cingulate connectivity correlates with attentional bias to masked fearful faces.
Neural correlates of sexual arousal in heterosexual and homosexual women and men.
Neural correlate of autistic-like traits and a common allele in the oxytocin receptor gene.
A developmental study on the neural circuitry mediating response flexibility in bipolar disorder.
Neural correlates of experimentally induced flow experiences.
Reduced Frontal Cortex Efficiency is Associated with Lower White Matter Integrity in Aging.
"Common and differential neural networks of emotion regulation by Detachment, Reinterpretation, Distraction, and Expressive Suppression: a comparative fMRI investigation."
Plasticity in Unimodal and Multimodal Brain Areas Reflects Multisensory Changes in Self-Face Identification.
The effects of the catechol-O-methyltransferase val158met polymorphism on white matter connectivity in patients with panic disorder.
A multi-site resting state fMRI study on the amplitude of low frequency fluctuations in schizophrenia.
Classification of schizophrenia patients based on resting-state functional network connectivity.
A comparison of neural responses to appetitive and aversive stimuli in humans and other mammals.
Differences in regional brain volume related to the extraversion-introversion dimension--a voxel based morphometry study.
Proactive selective response suppression is implemented via the basal ganglia.
Detection of deception based on fMRI activation patterns underlying the production of a deceptive response and receiving feedback about the success of the deception after a mock murder crime.
Enhanced sympathetic arousal in response to FMRI scanning correlates with task induced activations and deactivations.
Altered brain response to others׳ pain in major depressive disorder.
Functional and structural brain differences associated with mirror-touch synaesthesia.
Distinct cortical networks activated by auditory attention and working memory load.
The caudate signals bad reputation during trust decisions.
Post-hoc power estimation for topological inference in fMRI.
Interoceptive-reflective regions differentiate alexithymia traits in depersonalization disorder.
Language comprehension interrupted: both language errors and word degradation activate Broca's area.
Neural basis of semantic and syntactic interference in sentence comprehension.
The activation of modality-specific representations during discourse processing.
Lateral temporal hyper-activation as a novel biomarker of mild cognitive impairment.
Neural basis of auditory expectation within temporal cortex.
Neural correlates of a computerized attention modification program in anxious subjects.
Neural responses to unfairness and fairness depend on self-contribution to the income.
Affect and the brain's functional organization: a resting-state connectivity approach.
Association of brain-derived neurotrophic factor DNA methylation and reduced white matter integrity in the anterior corona radiata in major depression.
Re-imagining the future: repetition decreases hippocampal involvement in future simulation.
Multivoxel patterns in fusiform face area differentiate faces by sex and race.
Decreased interhemispheric coordination in treatment-resistant depression: a resting-state fMRI study.
Beyond the tripartite cognition-emotion-interoception model of the human insular  cortex.
The functional neuroanatomy of multitasking: combining dual tasking with a short  term memory task.
Neural underpinnings of divergent production of rules in numerical analogical reasoning.
Cerebral mechanisms for different second language writing systems.
Functional and connectivity changes during working memory in Huntington's disease: 18 month longitudinal data from the IMAGE-HD study.
Remembering our origin: gender differences in spatial memory are reflected in gender differences in hippocampal lateralization.
An evaluation of the left-brain vs. right-brain hypothesis with resting state functional connectivity magnetic resonance imaging.
Disrupted modular organization of resting-state cortical functional connectivity  in U.S. military personnel following concussive 'mild' blast-related traumatic brain injury.
Disrupted white matter in language and motor tracts in developmental stuttering.
Premenstrual dysphoric disorder and prefrontal reactivity during anticipation of  emotional stimuli.
Neural correlates of cognitive remediation in patients with mood disorders.
Inferior frontal and insular cortical thinning is related to dysfunctional brain  activation/deactivation during working memory task in schizophrenic patients.
Fronto-thalamic volumetry markers of somatic delusions and hallucinations in schizophrenia.
The gender you are and the gender you like: sexual preference and empathic neural responses.
Neuroanatomy of auditory verbal hallucinations in schizophrenia: a quantitative meta-analysis of voxel-based morphometry studies.
Enhancing insight in scientific problem solving by highlighting the functional features of prototypes: an fMRI study.
The neural mechanisms underlying internally and externally guided task selection.
Age-related changes in prefrontal and hippocampal contributions to relational encoding.
Increased functional connectivity with puberty in the mentalising network involved in social emotion processing.
Subcortical and cortical gray matter differences between Kraepelinian and non-Kraepelinian schizophrenia patients identified using voxel-based morphometry.
Affective traits link to reliable neural markers of incentive anticipation.
Functional connectivity between ventral and dorsal frontoparietal networks underlies stimulus-driven and working memory-driven sources of visual distraction.
Neural basis of limb ownership in individuals with body integrity identity disorder.
A broader view of perirhinal function: from recognition memory to fluency-based decisions.
Distinct functional properties of the vertical and horizontal saccadic network in Health and Parkinson's disease: An eye-tracking and fMRI study.
Altered white matter fractional anisotropy and social impairment in children with autism spectrum disorder.
The Neural Basis of Contextual Influences on Face Categorization.
Brain regions with mirror properties: a meta-analysis of 125 human fMRI studies.
Does self-construal predict activity in the social brain network? A genetic moderation effect.
Nucleus accumbens response to gains in reputation for the self relative to gains  for others predicts social media use.
Frontal cortex control dysfunction related to long-term suicide risk in recent-onset schizophrenia.
Opposite effects of visual and auditory word-likeness on activity in the visual word form area.
The social regulation of threat-related attentional disengagement in highly anxious individuals.
Dissociable temporo-parietal memory networks revealed by functional connectivity  during episodic retrieval.
An eye for an eye? Neural correlates of retribution and forgiveness.
Changes in regional homogeneity of parieto-temporal regions in panic disorder patients who achieved remission with antidepressant treatment.
Altered pattern of spontaneous brain activity in the patients with end-stage renal disease: a resting-state functional MRI study with regional homogeneity analysis.
Resting-State Striato-Frontal Functional Connectivity is Sensitive to DAT1 Genotype and Predicts Executive Function.
Prolonged hemodynamic response during incidental facial emotion processing in inter-episode bipolar I disorder.
Altered EEG lagged coherence during rest in obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Neural correlates of the relationship between discourse coherence and sensory monitoring in schizophrenia.
Comparison of the neural correlates of encoding item-item and item-context associations.
Longitudinal changes in brain structure following the first episode of psychosis.
"The feedback-related negativity (FRN) revisited: new insights into the localization, meaning and network organization."
Evidence for alterations of the right inferior and superior longitudinal fasciculi in patients with social anxiety disorder.
Stop-signal task difficulty and the right inferior frontal gyrus.
Distinct neural correlates of attending speed vs. coherence of motion.
Dissociation of a trait and a valence representation in the mPFC.
Brain activity during arithmetic in symbolic and non-symbolic formats in 9-12 year old children.
Default-mode network changes in Huntington's disease: an integrated MRI study of  functional connectivity and morphometry.
Positive facial affect - an fMRI study on the involvement of insula and amygdala.
Neural substrates for judgment of self-agency in ambiguous situations.
Dopaminergic modulation of the reward system in schizophrenia: a placebo-controlled dopamine depletion fMRI study.
Shape shifting pain: chronification of back pain shifts brain representation from nociceptive to emotional circuits.
Robust selectivity for faces in the human amygdala in the absence of expressions.
"Echoes of the brain within default mode, association, and heteromodal cortices."
The neural correlates of the dominance dimension of emotion.
Working memory and anticipatory set modulate midbrain and putamen activity.
Emotional reactivity to threat modulates activity in mentalizing network during aggression.
Atypical modulation of distant functional connectivity by cognitive state in children with Autism Spectrum Disorders.
"People-selectivity, audiovisual integration and heteromodality in the superior temporal sulcus."
Gray matter and intrinsic network changes in the posterior cingulate cortex after selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor intake.
Structural white matter asymmetries in relation to functional asymmetries during  speech perception and production.
Exposure to traumatic experiences is associated with abnormal neural mechanism during charitable donation.
Self-reflection and positive schizotypy in the adolescent brain.
Reflections of two parallel pathways between the hippocampus and neocortex in transient global amnesia: a cross-sectional study using DWI and SPECT.
Learning to like disgust: neuronal correlates of counterconditioning.
Cortico-subcortical neuronal circuitry associated with reconsolidation of human procedural memories.
Outcome dependency alters the neural substrates of impression formation.
The stimuli drive the response: an fMRI study of youth processing adult or child  emotional face stimuli.
Topographic representation of the human body in the occipitotemporal cortex.
Chemotherapy altered brain functional connectivity in women with breast cancer: a pilot study.
Blue light stimulates cognitive brain activity in visually blind individuals.
Rejection sensitivity polarizes striatal-medial prefrontal activity when anticipating social feedback.
Neural connectivity of alexithymia: Specific association with major depressive disorder.
Reduced fractional anisotropy in the anterior corpus callosum is associated with reduced speech fluency in persistent developmental stuttering.
Brain activity in using heuristic prototype to solve insightful problems.
The right temporo-parietal junction contributes to visual feature binding.
Choosing the rules: distinct and overlapping frontoparietal representations of task rules for perceptual decisions.
"Brain activity associated with selective attention, divided attention and distraction."
Patients with chronic visceral pain show sex-related alterations in intrinsic oscillations of the resting brain.
Vowel category boundaries enhance cortical and behavioral responses to speech feedback alterations.
"Gender differences in alpha-[(11)C]MTrp brain trapping, an index of serotonin synthesis, in medication-free individuals with major depressive disorder: a positron emission tomography study."
Neural mechanisms mediating positive and negative treatment expectations in visceral pain: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study on placebo and nocebo effects in healthy volunteers.
Differential roles of the frontal and parietal cortices in the control of saccades.
Multimodal voxel-based meta-analysis of structural and functional magnetic resonance imaging studies in those at elevated genetic risk of developing schizophrenia.
Irony comprehension and context processing in schizophrenia during remission--a functional MRI study.
"Post-traumatic stress influences the brain even in the absence of symptoms: A systematic, quantitative meta-analysis of neuroimaging studies."
Punishing unfairness: rewarding or the organization of a reactively aggressive response?
Disgust regulation via placebo: an fMRI study.
Sleep sharpens sensory stimulus coding in human visual cortex after fear conditioning.
Abnormal regional homogeneity in patients with essential tremor revealed by resting-state functional MRI.
Framing the ultimatum game: the contribution of simulation.
Action simulation in hallucination-prone adolescents.
Overlapping and parallel cerebello-cerebral networks contributing to sensorimotor control: an intrinsic functional connectivity study.
Readiness to change and brain damage in patients with chronic alcoholism.
Spontaneous Slow Fluctuation of EEG Alpha Rhythm Reflects Activity in Deep-Brain  Structures: A Simultaneous EEG-fMRI Study.
Enhanced visual cortical activation for emotional stimuli is preserved in patients with unilateral amygdala resection.
Ventromedial prefrontal cortex encodes emotional value.
Complexity of motor sequences and cortical reorganization in Parkinson's disease: a functional MRI study.
Convergent Findings of Altered Functional and Structural Brain Connectivity in Individuals with High Functioning Autism: A Multimodal MRI Study.
Brain regions responsible for tinnitus distress and loudness: a resting-state FMRI study.
Abnormal Spontaneous Neural Activity in Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study.
Functional similarity of facial emotion processing between people with a first episode of psychosis and healthy subjects.
Division of labor between left and right human auditory cortices during the processing of intensity and duration.
A longitudinal examination of adolescent response inhibition: neural differences  before and after the initiation of heavy drinking.
Prediction of individual subject's age across the human lifespan using diffusion tensor imaging: a machine learning approach.
Neural mechanisms of impulse control in sexually risky adolescents.
Rostral medial prefrontal dysfunctions and consummatory pleasure in schizophrenia: a meta-analysis of functional imaging studies.
Individual differences in emotion-cognition interactions: emotional valence interacts with serotonin transporter genotype to influence brain systems involved in emotional reactivity and cognitive cont
Identifying Emotions on the Basis of Neural Activation.
Stress Impact on Resting State Brain Networks.
Reward sensitivity is associated with brain activity during erotic stimulus processing.
"Looking at the brains behind figurative language--a quantitative meta-analysis of neuroimaging studies on metaphor, idiom, and irony processing."
Amodal processing in human prefrontal cortex.
Functional anatomy of writing with the dominant hand.
Frontal and subcortical grey matter reductions in PTSD.
Effects of age and gender on neural networks of motor response inhibition: from adolescence to mid-adulthood.
A voxel-based morphometry study of gray matter correlates of facial emotion recognition in bipolar disorder.
Left auditory cortex is involved in pairwise comparisons of the direction of frequency modulated tones.
Spatial and temporal features of superordinate semantic processing studied with fMRI and EEG.
Cognitive flexibility depends on white matter microstructure of the basal ganglia.
Age-related dedifferentiation and compensatory changes in the functional network  underlying face processing.
Chinese dyslexics show neural differences in morphological processing.
Prediction of antidepressant treatment response from gray matter volume across diagnostic categories.
Self-specific stimuli interact differently than non-self-specific stimuli with eyes-open versus eyes-closed spontaneous activity in auditory cortex.
Energetic cost of brain functional connectivity.
The amplitude of the resting-state fMRI global signal is related to EEG vigilance measures.
Neural correlates of viewing paintings: evidence from a quantitative meta-analysis of functional magnetic resonance imaging data.
Brain-computer interfaces increase whole-brain signal to noise.
Medial prefrontal cortex supports source memory for self-referenced materials in  young and older adults.
Effects of Age on Negative Subsequent Memory Effects Associated with the Encoding of Item and Item-Context Information.
Decoding the neuroanatomical basis of reading ability: a multivoxel morphometric  study.
Cerebral lateralization of face-sensitive areas in left-handers: only the FFA does not get it right.
Cannabis abuse is associated with better emotional memory in schizophrenia: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Combined space and alertness related therapy of visual hemineglect: effect of therapy frequency.
Identifying brain systems for gaze orienting during reading: fMRI investigation of the Landolt paradigm.
Dreaming as mind wandering: evidence from functional neuroimaging and first-person content reports.
Resting-state functional connectivity of subgenual anterior cingulate cortex in depressed adolescents.
Superior temporal sulcus and social cognition in dangerous drivers.
Negative emotional distraction on neural circuits for working memory in patients  with posttraumatic stress disorder.
Default mode network connectivity and reciprocal social behavior in 22q11.2 deletion syndrome.
Blood oxygen level-dependent signals via fMRI in the mood-regulating circuit using two animal models of depression are reversed by chronic escitalopram treatment.
Brain mechanisms for prepulse inhibition in adults with Tourette syndrome: initial findings.
Functional and white matter abnormalities in the language network in patients with schizophrenia: a combined study with diffusion tensor imaging and functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Neural responses during emotional processing before and after cognitive trauma therapy for battered women.
Diffusion tensor imaging correlates of reading ability in dysfluent and non-impaired readers.
"Shared space, separate processes: Neural activation patterns for auditory description and visual object naming in healthy adults."
Brief meditation training induces smoking reduction.
Did I turn off the gas? Reality monitoring of everyday actions.
Functional somatotopy revealed across multiple cortical regions using a model of  complex motor task.
"Changes of brain morphometry in first-episode, drug-naïve, non-late-life adult patients with major depression: an optimized voxel-based morphometry study."
Cognitive empathy modulates the processing of pragmatic constraints during sentence comprehension.
Neural correlates of audiovisual speech processing in a second language.
From social-signal detection to higher social cognition: an fMRI approach.
The interference effect in arithmetic fact solving: An fMRI study.
Regional gray and white matter volume abnormalities in obsessive-compulsive disorder: a voxel-based morphometry study.
Psychosis-proneness and neural correlates of self-inhibition in theory of mind.
Dissociation between dorsal and ventral posterior parietal cortical responses to  incidental changes in natural scenes.
Identifying neural patterns of functional dyspepsia using multivariate pattern analysis: a resting-state FMRI study.
Adaptive modulation of adult brain gray and white matter to high altitude: structural MRI studies.
The importance of encoding-related neural dynamics in the prediction of inter-individual differences in verbal working memory performance.
"The ""paradoxical"" engagement of the primary auditory cortex in patients with auditory verbal hallucinations: a meta-analysis of functional neuroimaging studies."
Reduced spontaneous but relatively normal deliberate vicarious representations in psychopathy.
Neuroanatomical correlates of trait anhedonia in patients with schizophrenia: a voxel-based morphometric study.
Neural correlates of the divergence of instrumental probability distributions.
Individual differences in anthropomorphic attributions and human brain structure.
The voice of conscience: neural bases of interpersonal guilt and compensation.
Informatic parcellation of the network involved in the computation of subjective  value.
Neural correlates of preparatory and regulatory control over positive and negative emotion.
Neural correlates of unihemispheric and bihemispheric motor cortex stimulation in healthy young adults.
The neural correlates of reward-related processing in major depressive disorder: a meta-analysis of functional magnetic resonance imaging studies.
Hippocampal and entorhinal cortex volume decline in cognitively intact elderly.
Neural representation and clinically relevant moderators of individualised self-criticism in healthy subjects.
Task modulation of brain responses in visual word recognition as studied using EEG/MEG and fMRI.
A piece of the action: modulation of sensory-motor regions by action idioms and metaphors.
Anticipatory alpha phase influences visual working memory performance.
Cortical theta wanes for language.
A comprehensive neuropsychological mapping battery for functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Functional brain organization of preparatory attentional control in visual search.
Differential effects of age on subcomponents of response inhibition.
Functional properties of the left parietal tool use region.
The endowment effect can extend from self to mother: evidence from an fMRI study.
The functional architecture of S1 during touch observation described with 7 T fMRI.
Morphometric correlation of impulsivity in medial prefrontal cortex.
Default-mode network functional connectivity in aphasia: therapy-induced neuroplasticity.
Cortical and white matter alterations in patients with neuropathic pain after spinal cord injury.
Functional connectivity changes in second language vocabulary learning.
"Three dyslexia susceptibility genes, DYX1C1, DCDC2, and KIAA0319, affect temporo-parietal white matter structure."
Selective role of lingual/parahippocampal gyrus and retrosplenial complex in spatial memory across viewpoint changes relative to the environmental reference frame.
Movement related dynamics of subthalmo-cortical alpha connectivity in Parkinson's disease.
Modulation of somatosensory processing by action.
Localized connectivity in depression: a meta-analysis of resting state functional imaging studies.
Impulsivity and self-control during intertemporal decision making linked to the neural dynamics of reward value representation.
The decision to engage cognitive control is driven by expected reward-value: neural and behavioral evidence.
Amygdala activity contributes to the dissociative effect of cannabis on pain perception.
Effects of L-dopa during auditory instrumental learning in humans.
FMRI resting slow fluctuations correlate with the activity of fast cortico-cortical physiological connections.
Patterns in cortical connectivity for determining outcomes in hand function after subcortical stroke.
Functional connectivity of left Heschl's gyrus in vulnerability to auditory hallucinations in schizophrenia.
Real-time imaging of cortical and subcortical control of muscle sympathetic nerve activity in awake human subjects.
Early visual and auditory processing rely on modality-specific attentional resources.
Levels of processing and language modality specificity in working memory.
Identifying neural correlates of visual consciousness with ALE meta-analyses.
Defining language networks from resting-state fMRI for surgical planning--a feasibility study.
Impaired prefrontal-basal ganglia functional connectivity and substantia nigra hyperactivity in schizophrenia.
Predictions in speech comprehension: fMRI evidence on the meter-semantic interface.
Neuronal effects of auditory distraction on visual attention.
Language aptitude for pronunciation in advanced second language (L2) learners: behavioural predictors and neural substrates.
Abnormal functional connectivity of the default mode network in remitted late-onset depression.
GABA(A) receptors in visual and auditory cortex and neural activity changes during basic visual stimulation.
Sex-based fMRI differences in obese humans in response to high vs. low energy food cues.
Differences in brain activity during a verbal associative memory encoding task in high- and low-fit adolescents.
Optimally efficient neural systems for processing spoken language.
Imaging the neural mechanisms of TMS neglect-like bias in healthy volunteers with the interleaved TMS/fMRI technique: preliminary evidence.
Brain networks supporting execution of mathematical skills versus acquisition of  new mathematical competence.
Investigating neural efficiency in the visuo-spatial domain: an FMRI study.
Effects of apolipoprotein E genotype on the off-line memory consolidation.
FMRI evidence of 'mirror' responses to geometric shapes.
Regional brain atrophy and functional disconnection in Broca's area in individuals at ultra-high risk for psychosis and schizophrenia.
Event-related fMRI studies of episodic encoding and retrieval: meta-analyses using activation likelihood estimation.
"Where, when, how high, and how long? The hemodynamics of emotional response in psychotropic-naive patients with adolescent bipolar disorder."
Functional connectivity in apathy of late-life depression: a preliminary study.
"Copy number deletion burden is associated with cognitive, structural, and resting-state network differences in patients with schizophrenia."
Neural correlates of attentional deployment within unpleasant pictures.
Access to lexical meaning in pitch-flattened Chinese sentences: an fMRI study.
Neurofunctional correlates of esthetic and moral judgments.
Regulation of brain activity in the fusiform face and parahippocampal place areas in 7-11-year-old children.
White matter pathways associated with working memory in normal aging.
The spatiospectral characterization of brain networks: fusing concurrent EEG spectra and fMRI maps.
Frontal function and executive processing in older adults: process and region specific age-related longitudinal functional changes.
Interaction vs. observation: distinctive modes of social cognition in human brain and behavior? A combined fMRI and eye-tracking study.
Voxel-based analysis of regional gray and white matter concentration in high myopia.
FMRI repetition suppression for voices is modulated by stimulus expectations.
Early life stress is associated with greater default network deactivation during  working memory in healthy controls: a preliminary report.
Role of the superior parietal lobules in letter-identity processing within strings: FMRI evidence from skilled and dyslexic readers.
Hyperthymic temperament and brightness judgment in healthy subjects: involvement of left inferior orbitofrontal cortex.
Impact of lingual gyrus volume on antidepressant response and neurocognitive functions in Major Depressive Disorder: a voxel-based morphometry study.
Hippocampus-precuneus functional connectivity as an early sign of Alzheimer's disease: a preliminary study using structural and functional magnetic resonance imaging data.
Sex differences in the processing of global vs. local stimulus aspects in a two-digit number comparison task--an fMRI study.
Deconstructing the brain's moral network: dissociable functionality between the temporoparietal junction and ventro-medial prefrontal cortex.
Direct Gaze Elicits Atypical Activation of the Theory-of-Mind Network in Autism Spectrum Conditions.
The neural substrates of social influence on decision making.
Altered effective connectivity network of the basal ganglia in low-grade hepatic  encephalopathy: a resting-state fMRI study with Granger causality analysis.
'Like me?': ventromedial prefrontal cortex is sensitive to both personal relevance and self-similarity during social comparisons.
Dimensional change card sort performance associated with age-related differences  in functional connectivity of lateral prefrontal cortex.
When we like what we know--a parametric fMRI analysis of beauty and familiarity.
"Fronto-temporo-insula gray matter alterations of first-episode, drug-naïve and very late-onset panic disorder patients."
The impact of passive hyperthermia on human attention networks: an fMRI study.
Partial recovery of visual extinction by pavlovian conditioning in a patient with hemispatial neglect.
"Oxytocin receptor polymorphism and childhood social experiences shape adult personality, brain structure and neural correlates of mentalizing."
A shared neural substrate for mentalizing and the affective component of sentence comprehension.
Allopregnanolone elevations following pregnenolone administration are associated  with enhanced activation of emotion regulation neurocircuits.
Schizophrenia as a network disease: disruption of emergent brain function in patients with auditory hallucinations.
Binding action and emotion in social understanding.
"Decreased fMRI activity in the hippocampus of patients with schizophrenia compared to healthy control participants, tested on a wayfinding task in a virtual town."
Functional connectivity of the frontoparietal network predicts cognitive modulation of pain.
Effects of selective serotonin reuptake inhibition on neural activity related to risky decisions and monetary rewards in healthy males.
"Decreased regional homogeneity in lingual gyrus, increased regional homogeneity in cuneus and correlations with panic symptom severity of first-episode, medication-naive and late-onset panic disorder "
The impulsivity behavior is correlated with prefrontal cortex gray matter volume  reduction in heroin-dependent individuals.
Automatic processing of political preferences in the human brain.
Neurocognitive Brain Response to Transient Impairment of Wernicke's Area.
Using model-based functional MRI to locate working memory updates and declarative memory retrievals in the fronto-parietal network.
Alterations in regional homogeneity of resting-state brain activity in mesial temporal lobe epilepsy.
Item familiarity and controlled associative retrieval in Alzheimer's disease: an  fMRI study.
Structural Brain Imaging of Long-Term Anabolic-Androgenic Steroid Users and Nonusing Weightlifters.
Parietal and frontal contributions to episodic encoding of location.
Complementary hemispheric specialization for language production and visuospatial attention.
Therapeutic subthalamic nucleus deep brain stimulation reverses cortico-thalamic  coupling during voluntary movements in Parkinson's disease.
Differential grey matter changes in sensorimotor cortex related to exceptional fine motor skills.
"Weed or wheel! FMRI, behavioural, and toxicological investigations of how cannabis smoking affects skills necessary for driving."
Alterations in regional homogeneity of spontaneous brain activity in late-life subthreshold depression.
Lifelong bilingualism maintains neural efficiency for cognitive control in aging.
Disrupted functional connectivity of the anterior cingulate cortex in cirrhotic patients without overt hepatic encephalopathy: a resting state fMRI study.
Elevated reward region responsivity predicts future substance use onset but not overweight/obesity onset.
The neural correlates of statistical learning in a word segmentation task: An fMRI study.
BOLD response to deviant face detection informed by P300 event-related potential  parameters: a simultaneous ERP-fMRI study.
Multimodal functional imaging of motor imagery using a novel paradigm.
Cortico-striato-thalamo-cortical circuit abnormalities in obsessive-compulsive disorder: A voxel-based morphometric and fMRI study of the whole brain.
Toward a minimally invasive brain-computer interface using a single subdural channel: a visual speller study.
Affective decision making under uncertainty during a plausible aviation task: an  fMRI study.
Differential reward responses during competition against in- and out-of-network others.
How social is error observation? The neural mechanisms underlying the observation of human and machine errors.
Neural reactivation links unconscious thought to decision-making performance.
Remembering with gains and losses: effects of monetary reward and punishment on successful encoding activation of source memories.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of the fMRI investigation of autism spectrum disorders.
The effects of prior pain experience on neural correlates of empathy for pain: An fMRI study.
Neural correlates of spatial working memory load in a delayed match-to-sample saccade task.
Cortical systems for local and global integration in discourse comprehension.
The biology of linguistic expression impacts neural correlates for spatial language.
Evidence for feature binding in the superior parietal lobule.
Multimodal Lexical Processing in Auditory Cortex Is Literacy Skill Dependent.
A brain network processing the age of faces.
Neural correlates of stimulus response and stimulus outcome shifting in healthy participants and MS patients.
fMRI evidence for dorsal stream processing abnormality in adults born preterm.
Association between physical activity and brain health in older adults.
"Hormonal contraceptives, menstrual cycle and brain response to faces."
Sight and sound converge to form modality-invariant representations in temporoparietal cortex.
Purging of memories from conscious awareness tracked in the human brain.
Reduced gray matter volume in psychotic disorder patients with a history of childhood sexual abuse.
Auditory spatial attention representations in the human cerebral cortex.
"Fronto-occipital fasciculus, corpus callosum and superior longitudinal fasciculus tract alterations of first-episode, medication-naïve and late-onset panic disorder patients."
Somatosensory-motor adaptation of orofacial actions in posterior parietal and ventral premotor cortices.
Investigating socio-cognitive processes in deception: a quantitative meta-analysis of neuroimaging studies.
Brain structural correlates of reward sensitivity and impulsivity in adolescents  with normal and excess weight.
Common neural recruitment across diverse sustained attention tasks.
The posterior parietal cortex: comparing remember/know and source memory tests of recollection and familiarity.
How expert advice influences decision making.
Corticolimbic functional connectivity in adolescents with bipolar disorder.
Personality functioning and the cortical midline structures--an exploratory FMRI  study.
Retrieval search and strength evoke dissociable brain activity during episodic memory recall.
Language experience differentiates prefrontal and subcortical activation of the cognitive control network in novel word learning.
Gaming is related to enhanced working memory performance and task-related cortical activity.
Reduced emotion processing efficiency in healthy males relative to females.
Voxelwise meta-analysis of gray matter anomalies in Parkinson variant of multiple system atrophy and Parkinson's disease using anatomic likelihood estimation.
Gray matter abnormalities in Major Depressive Disorder: a meta-analysis of voxel based morphometry studies.
Brain corticostriatal systems and the major clinical symptom dimensions of obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Functional dissociation within insular cortex: the effect of pre-stimulus anxiety on pain.
Grey matter reduction associated with posttraumatic stress disorder and traumatic stress.
Spontaneous perceptual facial distortions correlate with ventral occipitotemporal activity.
Multivariate pattern analysis of obsessive-compulsive disorder using structural neuroanatomy.
Age-related behavioural and neurofunctional patterns of second language word learning: different ways of being successful.
L1 and L2 processing in the bilingual brain: A meta-analysis of neuroimaging studies.
Frontoparietal attentional network activation differs between smokers and nonsmokers during affective cognition.
Neural functional and structural correlates of childhood maltreatment in women with intimate-partner violence-related posttraumatic stress disorder.
Neural responses to smoking stimuli are influenced by smokers' attitudes towards  their own smoking behaviour.
Different regional gray matter loss in recent onset PTSD and non PTSD after a single prolonged trauma exposure.
Effect of intentional bias on agency attribution of animated motion: an event-related fMRI study.
Lower cognitive reserve in the aging human immunodeficiency virus-infected brain.
Preserved hippocampal function during learning in the context of risk in adolescent suicide attempt.
The behavioral and neural effect of emotional primes on intertemporal decisions.
Roman Catholic beliefs produce characteristic neural responses to moral dilemmas.
Subclinical delusional thinking predicts lateral temporal cortex responses during social reflection.
Methylphenidate enhances executive function and optimizes prefrontal function in  both health and cocaine addiction.
Effects of Prior Knowledge on Decisions Made Under Perceptual vs. Categorical Uncertainty.
Developmental changes in within- and between-network connectivity between late childhood and adulthood.
Neuroanatomical deficits in drug-naïve adult patients with generalized social anxiety disorder: a voxel-based morphometry study.
Exploiting the brain's network structure in identifying ADHD subjects.
Meaningful family relationships: neurocognitive buffers of adolescent risk taking.
Corticolimbic brain reactivity to social signals of threat before and after sertraline treatment in generalized social phobia.
Mapping the brain correlates of borderline personality disorder: A functional neuroimaging meta-analysis of resting state studies.
Working memory-related functional brain patterns in never medicated children with ADHD.
An FMRI study of the neural systems involved in visually cued auditory top-down spatial and temporal attention.
"Cannabis use, cognition and brain structure in first-episode psychosis."
Effects of motivation on reward and attentional networks: an fMRI study.
The functional epistasis of 5-HTTLPR and BDNF Val66Met on emotion processing: a preliminary study.
Structural brain alterations in hemifacial spasm: A voxel-based morphometry and diffusion tensor imaging study.
Neural responses to expression and gaze in the posterior superior temporal sulcus interact with facial identity.
The relationship between inflammatory markers and voxel-based gray matter volumes in nondemented older adults.
Lack of insula reactivity to aversive stimuli in schizophrenia.
Perfumers' expertise induces structural reorganization in olfactory brain regions.
Frontal and temporal contributions to understanding the iconic co-speech gestures that accompany speech.
The brain circuitry mediating antipruritic effects of acupuncture.
Neuroanatomic and cognitive abnormalities related to herpes simplex virus type 1 in schizophrenia.
A supramodal neural network for speech and gesture semantics: an fMRI study.
Pulsed ultrasound differentially stimulates somatosensory circuits in humans as indicated by EEG and FMRI.
The effects of CPAP treatment on task positive and default mode networks in obstructive sleep apnea patients: an fMRI study.
Coupling between visual alpha oscillations and default mode activity.
Action selection in multi-effector decision making.
Altered cerebellar-cerebral resting-state functional connectivity reliably identifies major depressive disorder.
"Differential face-network adaptation in children, adolescents and adults."
Dividing the self: distinct neural substrates of task-based and automatic self-prioritization after brain damage.
Prefrontal activity during response inhibition decreases over time in the postpartum period.
Neural mechanisms of dissonance: an fMRI investigation of choice justification.
Laminar thickness alterations in the fronto-parietal cortical mantle of patients  with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.
The connectivity of functional cores reveals different degrees of segregation and integration in the brain at rest.
Human ecstasy (MDMA) polydrug users have altered brain activation during semantic processing.
Functional connectivity of substantia nigra and ventral tegmental area: maturation during adolescence and effects of ADHD.
Ventral striatum activation to prosocial rewards predicts longitudinal declines in adolescent risk taking.
Behavioral and neural correlates of loss aversion and risk avoidance in adolescents and adults.
Reduced inferior frontal gyrus activation during response inhibition to emotional stimuli in youth at high risk of bipolar disorder.
Default mode network in young people with familial risk for psychosis--the Oulu Brain and Mind study.
Articulatory mediation of speech perception: a causal analysis of multi-modal imaging data.
Design and evaluation of an innovative MRI-compatible Braille stimulator with high spatial and temporal resolution.
Multivariate classification of structural MRI data detects chronic low back pain.
Association between heart rate variability and fluctuations in resting-state functional connectivity.
Reduced dorso-lateral prefrontal cortex in treatment resistant schizophrenia.
Network discovery with large DCMs.
Genetic variation in apolipoprotein E alters regional gray matter volumes in remitted late-onset depression.
Association of abnormal white matter integrity in the acute phase of motor vehicle accidents with post-traumatic stress disorder.
Cytoarchitectonic mapping of attentional selection and reorienting in parietal cortex.
Synchronizing with auditory and visual rhythms: an fMRI assessment of modality differences and modality appropriateness.
Verbal working memory performance correlates with regional white matter structures in the frontoparietal regions.
Multimodal imaging reveals the spatiotemporal dynamics of recollection.
"Caloric deprivation increases responsivity of attention and reward brain regions  to intake, anticipated intake, and images of palatable foods."
Disambiguating the roles of area V1 and the lateral occipital complex (LOC) in contour integration.
Structural correlates of creative thinking in patients with bipolar disorder and healthy controls-a voxel-based morphometry study.
Cortical and subcortical responses to high and low effective placebo treatments.
D2/D3 dopamine receptor binding with [F-18]fallypride correlates of executive function in medication-naïve patients with schizophrenia.
Dorsal and ventral working memory-related brain areas support distinct processes  in contextual cueing.
Abnormal baseline brain activity in suicidal and non-suicidal patients with major depressive disorder.
Default distrust? An fMRI investigation of the neural development of trust and cooperation.
Differential effects of aging on the neural correlates of recollection and familiarity.
Reward circuit connectivity relates to delay discounting in children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.
"How equivalent are the action execution, imagery, and observation of intransitive movements? Revisiting the concept of somatotopy during action simulation."
Prefrontal white matter impairment in substance users depends upon the catechol-o-methyl transferase (COMT) val158met polymorphism.
An fMRI investigation of posttraumatic flashbacks.
Does an oblique/slanted perspective during virtual navigation engage both egocentric and allocentric brain strategies?
Metabolic and functional connectivity changes in mal de debarquement syndrome.
Age differences in neural activity during slot machine gambling: an fMRI study.
Increased neural habituation in the amygdala and orbitofrontal cortex in social anxiety disorder revealed by FMRI.
Amygdala dysfunction attenuates frustration-induced aggression in psychopathic individuals in a non-criminal population.
Neuroanatomical correlates of biological motion detection.
"To move or not to move, that is the question! Body schema and non-action oriented body representations: An fMRI meta-analytic study."
Examining the effect of psychopathic traits on gray matter volume in a community  substance abuse sample.
Epoch versus impulse models in the analysis of parametric fMRI studies.
An fMRI study of episodic encoding across the lifespan: Changes in subsequent memory effects are evident by middle-age
White matter microstructural abnormalities in the frontal lobe of adults with antisocial personality disorder.
From gestures to words: spontaneous verbal labeling of complex sequential hand movements reduces fMRI activation of the imitation-related regions.
Synchrony of anterior cingulate cortex and insular-striatal activation predicts ambiguity aversion in individuals with low impulsivity.
Neuroanatomic overlap between intelligence and cognitive factors: morphometry methods provide support for the key role of the frontal lobes.
High-frequency TRNS reduces BOLD activity during visuomotor learning.
The handyman's brain: a neuroimaging meta-analysis describing the similarities and differences between grip type and pattern in humans.
Where color rests: spontaneous brain activity of bilateral fusiform and lingual regions predicts object color knowledge performance.
Egocentric virtual maze learning in adult survivors of childhood abuse with dissociative disorders: evidence from functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Neuroimaging-based markers of bipolar disorder: evidence from two meta-analyses.
Functional and structural aging of the speech sensorimotor neural system: functional magnetic resonance imaging evidence.
Neuroimaging to detect cortical projection of vestibular response to caloric stimulation in young and older adults using functional near-infrared spectroscopy (fNIRS).
Contributive sources analysis: a measure of neural networks' contribution to brain activations.
Lateralization of brain activity during motor planning of proximal and distal gestures.
No somatotopy of sensorimotor alpha-oscillation responses to differential finger  stimulation.
Altered regional homogeneity in pediatric bipolar disorder during manic state: a  resting-state fMRI study.
Changes of functional and effective connectivity in smoking replenishment on deprived heavy smokers: a resting-state FMRI study.
Modulation of functional network with real-time fMRI feedback training of right premotor cortex activity.
Neural changes with tactile learning reflect decision-level reweighting of perceptual readout.
The hierarchical brain network for face recognition.
Relationship between plasma leptin level and brain structure in elderly: a voxel-based morphometric study.
Decision-making performance in Parkinson's disease correlates with lateral orbitofrontal volume.
The role of circulating sex hormones in menstrual cycle-dependent modulation of pain-related brain activation.
Enriched Encoding: Reward Motivation Organizes Cortical Networks for Hippocampal  Detection of Unexpected Events.
Neurophysiological correlates of anhedonia in feedback processing.
Brain processing of pain in patients with unresponsive wakefulness syndrome.
"Hierarchical learning induces two simultaneous, but separable, prediction errors  in human basal ganglia."
The representation of tool and non-tool object information in the human intraparietal sulcus.
"Time course of recovery showing initial prefrontal cortex changes at 16 weeks, extending to subcortical changes by 3 years in pediatric bipolar disorder."
Functional organization of human posterior parietal cortex: grasping- and reaching-related activations relative to topographically organized cortex.
Neural correlates of rapid antidepressant response to ketamine in treatment-resistant unipolar depression: a preliminary positron emission tomography study.
The role of the left prefrontal cortex in sentence-level semantic integration.
An fMRI investigation of the cognitive reappraisal of negative memories.
Brain correlates of automatic visual change detection.
The role of sleep and sleep deprivation in consolidating fear memories.
Early and phasic cortical metabolic changes in vestibular neuritis onset.
Functional network architecture of reading-related regions across development.
Spontaneous EEG alpha oscillation interacts with positive and negative BOLD responses in the visual-auditory cortices and default-mode network.
Dynamic causal modelling of effective connectivity during perspective taking in a communicative task.
Event-related fMRI studies of false memory: An Activation Likelihood Estimation meta-analysis.
Where in the brain is nonliteral language? A coordinate-based meta-analysis of functional magnetic resonance imaging studies.
Mapping grey matter reductions in schizophrenia: an anatomical likelihood estimation analysis of voxel-based morphometry studies.
Putting age-related task activation into large-scale brain networks: A meta-analysis of 114 fMRI studies on healthy aging.
Structural network underlying visuospatial imagery in humans.
Functional responses and structural connections of cortical areas for processing  faces and voices in the superior temporal sulcus.
Crossmodal interactions of haptic and visual texture information in early sensory cortex.
Dissociations between the horizontal and dorsoventral axes in body-size perception.
Working memory in recurrent brief depression: an fMRI pilot study.
Effects of intranasal oxytocin on the neural basis of face processing in autism spectrum disorder.
Hemispheric lateralization of verbal and spatial working memory during adolescence.
Activation patterns in multiple sclerosis on the Computerized Tests of Information Processing.
Neural evidence for an association between social proficiency and sensitivity to  social reward.
Neural correlates of the 'good life': eudaimonic well-being is associated with insular cortex volume.
Functional correlates of the speech-in-noise perception impairment in dyslexia: an MRI study.
Training verb argument structure production in agrammatic aphasia: behavioral and neural recovery patterns.
Do EEG paradigms work in fMRI? Varying task demands in the visual oddball paradigm: Implications for task design and results interpretation.
Structural brain correlates of executive engagement in working memory: children's inter-individual differences are reflected in the anterior insular cortex.
Differential activation of brain regions involved with error-feedback and imitation based motor simulation when observing self and an expert's actions in pilots and non-pilots on a complex glider land
Gray-matter abnormalities in deficit schizophrenia.
Neural correlates underlying true and false associative memories.
Gum chewing inhibits the sensory processing and the propagation of stress-related information in a brain network.
Gray matter correlates of posttraumatic stress disorder: a quantitative meta-analysis.
Top-down regulation of default mode activity in spatial visual attention.
Crossmodal emotional integration in major depression.
Neural correlates of effective and ineffective mood induction.
Relation of obesity to neural activation in response to food commercials.
Neural representation of the sensorimotor speech-action-repository.
Are abstract action words embodied? An fMRI investigation at the interface between language and motor cognition.
Neural correlates of testing effects in vocabulary learning.
White matter structures associated with empathizing and systemizing in young adults.
Altered gray matter volume in the frontal pain modulation network in patients with cluster headache.
Switch probability context (in)sensitivity within the cognitive control network.
The role of serotonin in the neurocircuitry of negative affective bias: serotonergic modulation of the dorsal medial prefrontal-amygdala 'aversive amplification' circuit.
Monitoring brain activation changes in the early postoperative period after radical prostatectomy using fMRI.
Alcohol attenuates amygdala-frontal connectivity during processing social signals in heavy social drinkers: a preliminary pharmaco-fMRI study.
Prednisolone increases neural reactivity to negative socio-emotional stimuli in healthy young men.
The Pathways for Intelligible Speech: Multivariate and Univariate Perspectives.
Changing Zaire to Congo: the fate of no-longer relevant mnemonic information.
Can Taichi reshape the brain? A brain morphometry study.
A beamformer analysis of MEG data reveals frontal generators of the musically elicited mismatch negativity.
The effect of visual and musical suspense on brain activation and memory during naturalistic viewing.
"Good, bad and ugly word stress--fMRI evidence for foot structure driven processing of prosodic violations."
Lateralization of affective processing in the insula.
Evidence of successful modulation of brain activation and subjective experience during reappraisal of negative emotion in unmedicated depression.
Dissociable roles of ventromedial prefrontal cortex (vmPFC) and rostral anterior  cingulate cortex (rACC) in value representation and optimistic bias.
Altered brain structure in Chinese dyslexic children.
Dynamic neural network of insight: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study  on solving Chinese 'chengyu' riddles.
Spontaneous pupil dilations during the resting state are associated with activation of the salience network.
Neural sensitivity to absolute and relative anticipated reward in adolescents.
Pervasive competition between threat and reward in the brain.
Experimental human endotoxemia enhances brain activity during social cognition.
Possible involvement of rumination in gray matter abnormalities in persistent symptoms of major depression: an exploratory magnetic resonance imaging voxel-based morphometry study.
ACE I/D polymorphism affects cognitive function and gray-matter volume in amnestic mild cognitive impairment.
Neural correlates of Machiavellian strategies in a social dilemma task.
Structural brain abnormalities correlate with clinical features in patients with drug-naïve OCD: A DARTEL-enhanced voxel-based morphometry study.
Involvement of the mentalizing network in social and non-social high construal.
Network structure underlying resolution of conflicting non-verbal and verbal social information.
Changes in cerebral morphometry and amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations of BOLD signals during healthy aging: correlation with inhibitory control.
Anatomical segregation of visual selection mechanisms in human parietal cortex.
Effects of reduced weight maintenance and leptin repletion on functional connectivity of the hypothalamus in obese humans.
Association of cerebral networks in resting state with sexual preference of homosexual men: a study of regional homogeneity and functional connectivity.
Altered default network resting-state functional connectivity in adolescents with Internet gaming addiction.
Spatiotemporal dynamics of high-gamma activities during a 3-stimulus visual oddball task.
The scent of salience--is there olfactory-trigeminal conditioning in humans?
Distinct neural correlates of time-on-task and transient errors during a visuomotor tracking task after sleep restriction.
The importance of integration and top-down salience when listening to complex multi-part musical stimuli.
Early visual learning induces long-lasting connectivity changes during rest in the human brain.
Increased neural responses to unfairness in a loss context.
Brain activity during motor imagery of an action with an object: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Mindfulness and emotion regulation--an fMRI study.
"Prefrontal Cortex Organization: Dissociating Effects of Temporal Abstraction, Relational Abstraction, and Integration with fMRI."
Unexpected novelty and familiarity orienting responses in lateral parietal cortex during recognition judgment.
Impact of DCS-facilitated cue exposure therapy on brain activation to cocaine cues in cocaine dependence.
Altered activation in fronto-striatal circuits during sequential processing of conflict in unmedicated adults with obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Brain circuitries involved in emotional interference task in major depression disorder.
Effects of AKAP5 Pro100Leu genotype on working memory for emotional stimuli.
Sex differences in volume and structural covariance of the anterior and posterior hippocampus.
The encoding/retrieval flip: interactions between memory performance and memory stage and relationship to intrinsic cortical networks.
Biasing free choices: the role of the rostral cingulate zone in intentional control.
The application of nonlinear Dynamic Causal Modelling for fMRI in subjects at high genetic risk of schizophrenia.
Improvements in white matter micro-structural integrity of right uncinate fasciculus and left fronto-occipital fasciculus of remitted first-episode medication-naïve panic disorder patients.
Sex differences in the neural bases of social appraisals.
Functional imaging in obese children responding to long-term sports therapy.
Effects of a GABA-ergic medication combination and initial alcohol withdrawal severity on cue-elicited brain activation among treatment-seeking alcoholics.
Dynamic social power modulates neural basis of math calculation.
Ventromedial prefrontal and anterior cingulate cortex adopt choice and default reference frames during sequential multi-alternative choice.
Auditory-motor interactions for the production of native and non-native speech.
Spatiotemporal Dependency of Age-Related Changes in Brain Signal Variability.
When Pinocchio's nose does not grow: belief regarding lie-detectability modulates production of deception.
Changes in singing performance and fMRI activation following right temporal lobe  surgery.
Using Neural Pattern Classifiers to Quantify the Modularity of Conflict-Control Mechanisms in the Human Brain.
Semantic association fMRI impairments represent a potential schizophrenia biomarker.
Parietal substrates for dimensional effects in visual search: evidence from lesion-symptom mapping.
Explicit authenticity and stimulus features interact to modulate BOLD response induced by emotional speech.
The parahippocampal gyrus links the default-mode cortical network with the medial temporal lobe memory system.
Cortical signatures of dyslexia and remediation: an intrinsic functional connectivity approach.
Emotional picture and word processing: an FMRI study on effects of stimulus complexity.
Brain networks subserving the evaluation of static and dynamic facial expressions.
How anatomical asymmetry of human auditory cortex can lead to a rightward bias in auditory evoked fields.
Functional specialization and generalization for grouping of stimuli based on colour and motion.
Processing pathways in mental arithmetic--evidence from probabilistic fiber tracking.
Inter- and Intrahemispheric Connectivity Differences When Reading Japanese Kanji  and Hiragana.
Gray matter volume reduction reflects chronic pain in trigeminal neuralgia.
Neural basis of scientific innovation induced by heuristic prototype.
Neural correlates of executive functions in healthy G2019S LRRK2 mutation carriers.
Lexical processing in deaf readers: an FMRI investigation of reading proficiency.
"Decreased left middle temporal gyrus volume in antipsychotic drug-naive, first-episode schizophrenia patients and their healthy unaffected siblings."
Is a novel conceptual unit more than the sum of its parts?: FMRI evidence from an associative recognition memory study.
Contextual processing of abstract concepts reveals neural representations of nonlinguistic semantic content.
"Parietal and premotor cortices: activation reflects imitation accuracy during observation, delayed imitation and concurrent imitation."
Neural responses to ambiguity involve domain-general and domain-specific emotion  processing systems.
Bayesian prediction and evaluation in the anterior cingulate cortex.
Distinct neuroanatomical bases of episodic and semantic memory performance in Alzheimer's disease.
Automatic domain-general processing of sound source identity in the left posterior middle frontal gyrus.
Neural correlates of somatosensory paired-pulse suppression: a MEG study using distributed source modeling and dynamic spectral power analysis.
Early visual experience and the recognition of basic facial expressions: involvement of the middle temporal and inferior frontal gyri during haptic identification by the early blind.
The role of emotional inhibitory control in specific internet addiction - an fMRI study.
Processing counterfactual and hypothetical conditionals: an fMRI investigation.
The brain's specialized systems for aesthetic and perceptual judgment.
Effects of chewing on cognitive processing speed.
The influence of stimulus detection on activation patterns during auditory hallucinations.
Syntactic priming and the lexical boost effect during sentence production and sentence comprehension: an fMRI study.
Left posterior parietal theta burst stimulation affects gestural imitation regardless of semantic content.
Changes in neural mechanisms of cognitive control during the transition from late adolescence to young adulthood.
The effects of poor quality sleep on brain function and risk taking in adolescence.
EEG correlates of time-varying BOLD functional connectivity.
The anterior insular and anterior cingulate cortices in emotional processing for  self-face recognition.
Altered intrinsic brain activity in patients with familial cortical myoclonic tremor and epilepsy: an amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation study.
Cannabis use and callosal white matter structure and integrity in recent-onset schizophrenia.
Overlapping and distinct brain regions involved in estimating the spatial position of numerical and non-numerical magnitudes: an fMRI study.
Functional connectivity of the cortical swallowing network in humans.
Transcranial direct current stimulation increases resting state interhemispheric  connectivity.
Monetary reward processing in obese individuals with and without binge eating disorder.
Reproducibility of brain activation during auditory verbal hallucinations.
Multivoxel patterns reveal functionally differentiated networks underlying auditory feedback processing of speech.
Family history of alcoholism interacts with alcohol to affect brain regions involved in behavioral inhibition.
Fear conditioning in an abdominal pain model: neural responses during associative learning and extinction in healthy subjects.
Common parietal activation in musical mental transformations across pitch and time.
Dysregulated but not decreased salience network activity in schizophrenia.
Functional connectivity in a frontoparietal network involving the dorsal anterior cingulate cortex underlies decisions to accept a hypothesis.
The role of top-down control in different phases of a sensorimotor timing task: a DCM study of adults and adolescents.
Regional gray matter changes are associated with cognitive deficits in remitted geriatric depression: an optimized voxel-based morphometry study.
Aberrant structural and functional connectivity in the salience network and central executive network circuit in schizophrenia.
Altered fronto-limbic activity in children and adolescents with familial high risk for schizophrenia.
Is there a core neural network in empathy? An fMRI based quantitative meta-analysis.
Functional brain imaging of multi-sensory vestibular processing during computerized dynamic posturography using near-infrared spectroscopy.
The interactive effect of social pain and executive functioning on aggression: an fMRI experiment.
"Functional alterations of fronto-limbic circuit and default mode network systems in first-episode, drug-naïve patients with major depressive disorder: A meta-analysis of resting-state fMRI data."
"Imputation techniques for the detection of microstructural changes in schizophrenia, with an application to magnetization transfer imaging."
The neural correlates of regulating positive and negative emotions in medication-free major depression.
Brains creating stories of selves: the neural basis of autobiographical reasoning.
Peer influence: neural mechanisms underlying in-group conformity.
Neural networks supporting autobiographical memory retrieval in posttraumatic stress disorder.
Frequency dependent alterations in regional homogeneity of baseline brain activity in schizophrenia.
Altered fronto-striatal and fronto-cerebellar circuits in heroin-dependent individuals: a resting-state FMRI study.
Activation of midbrain and ventral striatal regions implicates salience processing during a modified beads task.
How brooding minds inhibit negative material: an event-related fMRI study.
Real-time imaging of brain areas involved in the generation of spontaneous skin sympathetic nerve activity at rest.
Altered degree centrality in childhood absence epilepsy: A resting-state fMRI study.
Compensatory effort parallels midbrain deactivation during mental fatigue: an fMRI study.
Motion and actions in language: semantic representations in occipito-temporal cortex.
The role of age of acquisition on past tense generation in Spanish-English bilinguals: an fMRI study.
Extrinsic reference frames modify the neural substrates of object-location representations.
Obstacle avoidance and smooth trajectory control: neural areas highlighted during improved locomotor performance.
Resting-state activity in the left executive control network is associated with behavioral approach and is increased in substance dependence.
Food labels promote healthy choices by a decision bias in the amygdala.
Regional gray matter reductions are associated with genetic liability for anxiety and depression: an MRI twin study.
Separable networks for top-down attention to auditory non-spatial and visuospatial modalities.
Neural evidence for a 3-state model of visual short-term memory.
Probabilistic atlases for face and biological motion perception: an analysis of their reliability and overlap.
Superficial amygdala and hippocampal activity during affective music listening observed at 3 T but not 1.5 T fMRI.
Syntactic computation in the human brain: the degree of merger as a key factor.
Resting-state functional connectivity of ventral parietal regions associated with attention reorienting and episodic recollection.
Neural mechanisms underlying the integration of situational information into attribution outcomes.
The thalamus and brainstem act as key hubs in alterations of human brain network  connectivity induced by mild propofol sedation.
Theory of mind and frontal lobe pathology in schizophrenia: a voxel-based morphometry study.
Neural Correlates of Covert Face Processing: fMRI Evidence from a Prosopagnosic Patient.
The influence of valence and decision difficulty on self-referential processing.
Are numbers grounded in a general magnitude processing system? A functional neuroimaging meta-analysis.
Brain effects of cognitive remediation therapy in schizophrenia: a structural and functional neuroimaging study.
The auditory dorsal stream plays a crucial role in projecting hallucinated voices into external space.
Coping with task demand in aging using neural compensation and neural reserve triggers primarily intra-hemispheric-based neurofunctional reorganization.
The alteration of spontaneous low frequency oscillations caused by acute electromagnetic fields exposure.
The shared neural basis of empathy and facial imitation accuracy.
Aberrant Functional Connectivity between the Amygdala and the Temporal Pole in Drug-Free Generalized Anxiety Disorder.
"Occipital, parietal, and frontal cortices selectively maintain task-relevant features of multi-feature objects in visual working memory."
Multivariate analysis of correlation between electrophysiological and hemodynamic responses during cognitive processing.
Effects of multicomponent training of cognitive control on cognitive function and brain activation in older adults.
Reduced fronto-amygdalar connectivity in adolescence is associated with increased depression symptoms over time.
Differences and Similarities for Spatial and Feature-Based Selective Attentional  Orienting.
Functional neuroanatomy of speech signal decoding in primary progressive aphasias.
Fractional amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations is disrupted in Alzheimer's disease with depression.
"The What, the When, and the Whether of Intentional Action in the Brain: A Meta-Analytical Review."
Anatomical Modularity of Verbal Working Memory? Functional Anatomical Evidence from a Famous Patient with Short-Term Memory Deficits.
Aberrant Insula-Centered Functional Connectivity in Psychogenic Erectile Dysfunction Patients: A Resting-State fMRI Study.
Parallel Regulation of Memory and Emotion Supports the Suppression of Intrusive Memories.
Hope and the brain: Trait hope mediates the protective role of medial orbitofrontal cortex spontaneous activity against anxiety.
Reward anticipation revisited- evidence from an fMRI study in euthymic bipolar I  patients and healthy first-degree relatives.
Effect of verbal task complexity in a working memory paradigm in patients with type 1 diabetes. A fMRI study.
Flexibility and Stability in Sensory Processing Revealed Using Visual-to-Auditory Sensory Substitution.
The neural basis of deficient response inhibition in children with neurofibromatosis type 1: Evidence from a functional MRI study.
From Thirst to Satiety: The Anterior Mid-Cingulate Cortex and Right Posterior Insula Indicate Dynamic Changes in Incentive Value.
Decreased medial prefrontal cortex activation during self-referential processing  in bipolar mania.
The neural correlates of reciprocity are sensitive to prior experience of reciprocity.
Effect of PICALM rs3851179 polymorphism on the default mode network function in mild cognitive impairment.
"Body mass is positively associated with neural response to sweet taste, but not alcohol, among drinkers."
Behavioral and neural correlates of imagined walking and walking-while-talking in the elderly.
Right Lateral Cerebellum Represents Linguistic Predictability.
Prognostic value of changes in resting-state functional connectivity patterns in  cognitive recovery after stroke: A 3T fMRI pilot study.
"Longitudinal associations among family environment, neural cognitive control, and social competence among adolescents."
Behavioural and neural evidence for the impact of fluency context on conscious memory.
Regional homogeneity changes in hemodialysis patients with end stage renal disease: in vivo resting-state functional MRI study.
Experimental manipulation of infant temperament affects amygdala functional connectivity.
Multiple Neural Networks Malfunction in Primary Blepharospasm: An Independent Components Analysis.
Multi-modal neuroimaging of adolescents with non-suicidal self-injury: Amygdala functional connectivity.
Neural changes related to motion processing in healthy aging.
Hippocampal spatial mechanisms relate to the development of arithmetic symbol processing in children.
Simultaneous learning of two languages from birth positively impacts intrinsic functional connectivity and cognitive control.
Functional brain networks during picture encoding and recognition in different odor contexts.
Testing the physiological plausibility of conflicting psychological models of response inhibition: A forward inference fMRI study.
Intrinsic functional connectivity alteration of dorsal and rostral anterior cingulate cortex in obsessive-compulsive disorder: A resting fMRI study.
From Behavioral Facilitation to Inhibition: The Neuronal Correlates of the Orienting and Reorienting of Auditory Attention.
Inconsistency in Abnormal Brain Activity across Cohorts of ADHD-200 in Children with Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder.
Remembering and imagining alternative versions of the personal past.
The effects of changes in object location on object identity detection: A simultaneous EEG-fMRI study.
Neural correlates of substance abuse: Reduced functional connectivity between areas underlying reward and cognitive control.
Atypical activation of action-semantic network in adolescents with autism spectrum disorder.
Task-related and resting-state fMRI identify distinct networks that preferentially support remembering the past and imagining the future.
Abnormal regional homogeneity as a potential imaging biomarker for adolescent-onset schizophrenia: A resting-state fMRI study and support vector machine analysis.
Cingulo-opercular activity affects incidental memory encoding for speech in noise.
"A cross-sectional and longitudinal analysis of reward-related brain activation: effects of age, pubertal stage, and reward sensitivity."
Differential Functional Connectivity Alterations of Two Subdivisions within the Right dlPFC in Parkinson's Disease.
Simultaneous Processing of Noun Cue and to-be-Produced Verb in Verb Generation Task: Electromagnetic Evidence.
Differential representation of feedback and decision in adolescents and adults.
Brain activity related to working memory for temporal order and object information.
"Dissociable and common effects of methylphenidate, atomoxetine and citalopram on  response inhibition neural networks."
The activation of theory of mind network differentiates between point-to-self and point-to-other verbal jokes: an fMRI study.
Estimating brain network activity through back-projection of ICA components to GLM maps.
Integration of identity and emotion information in faces: fMRI evidence.
Oxytocin Increases the Perceived Value of Both Self- and Other-Owned Items and Alters Medial Prefrontal Cortex Activity in an Endowment Task.
Modes of Effective Connectivity within Cortical Pathways Are Distinguished for Different Categories of Visual Context: An fMRI Study.
"Using stochastic language models (SLM) to map lexical, syntactic, and phonological information processing in the brain."
Trait Rumination Influences Neural Correlates of the Anticipation but Not the Consumption Phase of Reward Processing.
Frequency-dependent changes in local intrinsic oscillations in chronic primary insomnia: A study of the amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations in the resting state.
Visual integration enhances associative memory equally for young and older adults without reducing hippocampal encoding activation.
Dorsolateral prefrontal cortex contributes to the impaired behavioral adaptation  in alcohol dependence.
Changes in intrinsic functional connectivity and group relevant salience: The case of sport rivalry.
An fMRI study into emotional processing in Parkinson's disease: Does increased medial prefrontal activation compensate for striatal dysfunction?
Reduced intrinsic visual cortical connectivity is associated with impaired perceptual closure in schizophrenia.
Contribution of fronto-striatal regions to emotional valence and repetition under cognitive conflict.
Brain activation upon ideal-body media exposure and peer feedback in late adolescent girls.
Using short-range and long-range functional connectivity to identify schizophrenia with a family-based case-control design.
Recovery of orthographic processing after stroke: A longitudinal fMRI study.
Abnormal functional connectivity within resting-state networks is related to rTMS-based therapy effects of treatment resistant depression: A pilot study.
Mirror neuron activation of musicians and non-musicians in response to motion captured piano performances.
Resting-state functional connectivity between right anterior insula and right orbital frontal cortex correlate with insight level in obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Altered fractional amplitude of low frequency fluctuation in premenstrual syndrome: A resting state fMRI study.
Altered resting-state intra- and inter- network functional connectivity in patients with persistent somatoform pain disorder.
Emotional arousal amplifies the effects of biased competition in the brain.
"Kids, candy, brain and behavior: age differences in responses to candy gains and  losses."
Deeper insights into semantic relations: an fMRI study of part-whole and functional associations.
Adolescent-specific patterns of behavior and neural activity during social reinforcement learning.
The effect of regulatory mode on procrastination: Bi-stable parahippocampus connectivity with dorsal anterior cingulate and anterior prefrontal cortex.
"Auditory, Visual and Audiovisual Speech Processing Streams in Superior Temporal Sulcus."
The relationship between maternal education and the neural substrates of phoneme  perception in children: Interactions between socioeconomic status and proficiency level.
How does first language (L1) influence second language (L2) reading in the brain? Evidence from Korean-English and Chinese-English bilinguals.
Patterns of brain and cardiovascular activation while solving rule-discovery and  rule-application numeric tasks.
Working Memory after Traumatic Brain Injury: The Neural Basis of Improved Performance with Methylphenidate.
Trait impulsivity components correlate differently with proactive and reactive control.
Sensory cortical response to uncertainty and low salience during recognition of affective cues in musical intervals.
Reactivation or transformation? Motor memory consolidation associated with cerebral activation time-locked to sleep spindles.
Amygdala-cingulate intrinsic connectivity is associated with degree of social inhibition.
Veridical stimulus localization is linked to human area V5/MT+ activity.
Differential Recruitment of Parietal Cortex during Spatial and Non-spatial Reach  Planning.
Effects of contextual relevance on pragmatic inference during conversation: An fMRI study.
Altered thalamo-cortical resting state functional connectivity in smokers.
Structure of plasticity in human sensory and motor networks due to perceptual learning.
Shared and disorder-specific task-positive and default mode network dysfunctions  during sustained attention in paediatric Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder and obsessive/compulsive disorder.
Symptom-specific amygdala hyperactivity modulates motor control network in conversion disorder.
"A Comparative Study of Average, Linked Mastoid, and REST References for ERP Components Acquired during fMRI."
Inhibitory rTMS of secondary somatosensory cortex reduces intensity but not pleasantness of gentle touch.
Independent contributions of fMRI familiarity and novelty effects to recognition  memory and their stability across the adult lifespan.
Local-to-remote cortical connectivity in amnestic mild cognitive impairment.
APOE moderates compensatory recruitment of neuronal resources during working memory processing in healthy older adults.
Real-time FMRI neurofeedback training of amygdala activity in patients with major depressive disorder.
Neural substrates of male parochial altruism are modulated by testosterone and behavioral strategy.
How are things adding up? Neural differences between arithmetic operations are due to general problem solving strategies.
"Converging genetic and functional brain imaging evidence links neuronal excitability to working memory, psychiatric disease, and brain activity."
The Effect of Wealth Shocks on Loss Aversion: Behavior and Neural Correlates.
Functional connectivity in incarcerated male adolescents with psychopathic traits.
Dissociable neural systems for moral judgment of anti- and pro-social lying.
Differential Fairness Decisions and Brain Responses After Expressed Emotions of Others in Boys with Autism Spectrum Disorders.
Neural mechanisms underlying cognitive control of men with lifelong antisocial behavior.
Unreliability of putative fMRI biomarkers during emotional face processing.
Short-term meditation modulates brain activity of insight evoked with solution cue.
Brain activation of semantic category-based grouping in multiple identity tracking task.
Brain Gray Matter Atrophy after Spinal Cord Injury: A Voxel-Based Morphometry Study.
Prefrontal and amygdala engagement during emotional reactivity and regulation in  generalized anxiety disorder.
Influence of response bias and internal/external source on lateral posterior parietal successful retrieval activity.
Patterns of response to scrambled scenes reveal the importance of visual properties in the organization of scene-selective cortex.
GABA Concentrations in the Anterior Cingulate Cortex Are Associated with Fear Network Function and Fear Recovery in Humans.
Brain functional connectivity is associated with visceral sensitivity in women with Irritable Bowel Syndrome.
Neural circuit of verbal humor comprehension in schizophrenia - an fMRI study.
Development of brain mechanisms for processing affective touch.
Reinstatement of encoding context during recollection: behavioural and neuroimaging evidence of a double dissociation.
Amygdala activation as a marker for selective attention toward neutral faces in a chronic traumatic brain injury population.
Neuroanatomical foundations of delayed reward discounting decision making.
Increased involvement of the parahippocampal gyri in a sad mood predicts future depressive symptoms.
Language for action: Motor resonance during the processing of human and robotic voices.
Considering sex differences clarifies the effects of depression on facial emotion processing during fMRI.
"Test-Retest Reliability of ""High-Order"" Functional Connectivity in Young Healthy  Adults."
Neural correlates of social decision-making in severely antisocial adolescents.
The social network-network: size is predicted by brain structure and function in  the amygdala and paralimbic regions.
How mimicry influences the neural correlates of reward: An fMRI study.
"If it bleeds, it leads: separating threat from mere negativity."
Lateral frontal pole and relational processing: Activation patterns and connectivity profile.
Decoding of auditory and tactile perceptual decisions in parietal cortex.
The importance of synchrony and temporal order of visual and tactile input for illusory limb ownership experiences - an FMRI study applying virtual reality.
Dissociating maternal responses to sad and happy facial expressions of their own  child: An fMRI study.
Deviant functional activation and connectivity of the right insula are associated with lack of awareness of episodic memory impairment in nonamnesic alcoholism.
"An adaptive, individualized fMRI delay discounting procedure to increase flexibility and optimize scanner time."
Abnormal intrinsic brain activity patterns in patients with subcortical ischemic  vascular dementia.
Brain activation during processing of genuine facial emotion in depression: Preliminary findings.
The effect of visual parameters on neural activation during nonsymbolic number comparison and its relation to math competency.
Ongoing slow oscillatory phase modulates speech intelligibility in cooperation with motor cortical activity.
Connectivity of precuneus to the default mode and dorsal attention networks: A possible invariant marker of long-term tinnitus.
General and emotion-specific alterations to cognitive control in women with a history of childhood abuse.
Fractional amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations (fALFF) in post-stroke depression.
Using resting-state fMRI to assess the effect of aerobic exercise on functional connectivity of the DLPFC in older overweight adults.
Lexical-Semantic Search Under Different Covert Verbal Fluency Tasks: An fMRI Study.
The Neural Bases of Event Monitoring across Domains: a Simultaneous ERP-fMRI Study.
Evolutionary and Modern Image Content Differentially Influence the Processing of  Emotional Pictures.
A Single Session of rTMS Enhances Small-Worldness in Writer's Cramp: Evidence from Simultaneous EEG-fMRI Multi-Modal Brain Graph.
How Situational Context Impacts Empathic Responses and Brain Activation Patterns.
Resting state fMRI observations of baseline brain functional activities and connectivities in primary blepharospasm.
Neural correlates of working memory in children and adolescents with agenesis of  the corpus callosum: An fMRI study.
Structural and functional correlates for language efficiency in auditory word processing.
Predicting Intentions of a Familiar Significant Other Beyond the Mirror Neuron System.
Decreased regional activity of default-mode network in unaffected siblings of schizophrenia patients at rest.
The role of auditory cortex in the spatial ventriloquism aftereffect.
Mapping the complex topological organization of the human parietal face area.
Functional connectivity with ventromedial prefrontal cortex reflects subjective value for social rewards.
Probabilistic inference under time pressure leads to a cortical-to-subcortical shift in decision evidence integration.
Sex-dependent neural effect of oxytocin during subliminal processing of negative  emotion faces.
Hypoactive medial prefrontal cortex functioning in adults reporting childhood emotional maltreatment.
Neural response during explicit and implicit face processing varies developmentally in bipolar disorder.
Neural overlap of L1 and L2 semantic representations in speech: A decoding approach.
Independent circuits in basal ganglia and cortex for the processing of reward and precision feedback.
Changes in intrinsic local connectivity after reading intervention in children with autism.
"Autism Spectrum Disorder Related Functional Connectivity Changes in the Language  Network in Children, Adolescents and Adults."
Increased emotional reactivity to affective pictures in patients with skin-picking disorder: Evidence from functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Dynamic range of frontoparietal functional modulation is associated with working  memory capacity limitations in older adults.
The supramarginal and angular gyri underlie orthographic competence in Spanish language.
Using Large-Scale Statistical Chinese Brain Template (Chinese2020) in Popular Neuroimage Analysis Toolkits.
Differing Time of Onset of Concurrent TMS-fMRI during Associative Memory Encoding: A Measure of Dynamic Connectivity.
Reduced brain response to a sweet taste in Hispanic young adults.
Tone-grammar association within words: Concurrent ERP and fMRI show rapid neural  pre-activation and involvement of left inferior frontal gyrus in pseudoword processing.
Hippocampal binding of novel information with dominant memory traces can support  both memory stability and change.
Self-construal differences in neural responses to negative social cues.
Neural functional correlates of empathic face processing.
Reduced Pain Sensation and Reduced BOLD Signal in Parietofrontal Networks during  Religious Prayer.
Neural and behavioural correlates of autobiographical memory retrieval in patients with major depressive disorder and a history of trauma exposure.
Brain structure abnormalities in young women who presented conduct disorder in childhood/adolescence.
Impaired insula functional connectivity associated with persistent pain perception in patients with complex regional pain syndrome.
Effective Connectivity between Ventral Occipito-Temporal and Ventral Inferior Frontal Cortex during Lexico-Semantic Processing. A Dynamic Causal Modeling Study.
Graph theoretical analysis of functional network for comprehension of sign language.
An increase in tobacco craving is associated with enhanced medial prefrontal cortex network coupling.
Stronger default mode network connectivity is associated with poorer clinical insight in youth at ultra high-risk for psychotic disorders.
Evidence for the triadic model of adolescent brain development: Cognitive load and task-relevance of emotion differentially affect adolescents and adults.
The role of ventromedial prefrontal cortex volume in the association of expressive suppression and externally oriented thinking.
Neural inhibition can explain negative BOLD responses: A mechanistic modelling and fMRI study.
Noradrenergic modulation of neural erotic stimulus perception.
Diminished motor imagery capability in adults with motor impairment: An fMRI mental rotation study.
Abnormal cortical-basal ganglia network in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis: A voxel-wise network efficiency analysis.
Active avoidance and attentive freezing in the face of approaching threat.
Plastic reorganization of neural systems for perception of others in the congenitally blind.
Modulation of cognitive cerebello-cerebral functional connectivity by lateral cerebellar continuous theta burst stimulation.
Functional brain outcomes of L2 speech learning emerge during sensorimotor transformation.
How to improve parameter estimates in GLM-based fMRI data analysis: cross-validated Bayesian model averaging.
Neural correlates of prosocial behavior towards persons in pain in healthcare providers.
Increased activation in Broca's area after cognitive remediation in schizophrenia.
Anomalous prefrontal-limbic activation and connectivity in youth at high-risk for bipolar disorder.
Dyslexia in a French-Spanish bilingual girl: behavioural and neural modulations following a visual attention span intervention.
Cholinergic Potentiation and Audiovisual Repetition-Imitation Therapy Improve Speech Production and Communication Deficits in a Person with Crossed Aphasia by  Inducing Structural Plasticity in White 
Automatized smoking-related action schemata are reflected by reduced fMRI activity in sensorimotor brain regions of smokers.
Onset age of L2 acquisition influences language network in early and late Cantonese-Mandarin bilinguals.
Reshaping the brain after stroke: The effect of prismatic adaptation in patients  with right brain damage.
Functional neuro-anatomy of egocentric versus allocentric space representation.
Hippocampal activation and memory performance in schizophrenia depend on strategy use in a virtual maze.
Neural connectivity moderates the association between sleep and impulsivity in adolescents.
Effect of Continuous Touch on Brain Functional Connectivity Is Modified by the Operator's Tactile Attention.
Heidelberg Neuro-Music Therapy Restores Attention-Related Activity in the Angular Gyrus in Chronic Tinnitus Patients.
Neural Response to Biological Motion in Healthy Adults Varies as a Function of Autistic-Like Traits.
"Neural correlates of evaluating self and close-other in physical, academic and prosocial domains."
FMRI to probe sex-related differences in brain function with multitasking.
Individual differences in the processing of smoking-cessation video messages: An  imaging genetics study.
Distinct resting-state functional connections associated with episodic and visuospatial memory in older adults.
Heightened activity in social reward networks is associated with adolescents' risky sexual behaviors.
Neural differences underlying face processing in veterans with TBI and co-occurring TBI and PTSD.
Functional brain activation associated with working memory training and transfer.
The default mode network and EEG regional spectral power: a simultaneous fMRI-EEG study.
Neural correlates of bilingual language control during interlingual homograph processing in a logogram writing system.
Remembering verbally-presented items as pictures: Brain activity underlying visual mental images in schizophrenia patients with visual hallucinations.
Illuminating the conceptual structure of the space of moral violations with searchlight representational similarity analysis.
"Altered connectivity within and between the default mode, central executive, and  salience networks in obsessive-compulsive disorder."
Neural correlates of receiving an apology and active forgiveness: an FMRI study.
Weaker Functional Connectivity Strength in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Blunted neural response to implicit negative facial affect in anorexia nervosa.
Contrasting prefrontal cortex contributions to episodic memory dysfunction in behavioural variant frontotemporal dementia and Alzheimer's disease.
Effective connectivity during successful and unsuccessful recollection in young and old adults.
Neural correlates underlying the comprehension of deceitful and ironic communicative intentions.
"Reading network in dyslexia: Similar, yet different."
Cocaine dependence modulates the effect of HIV infection on brain activation during intertemporal decision making.
The effect of mild-to-moderate hearing loss on auditory and emotion processing networks.
Dissociable neural processes during risky decision-making in individuals with Internet-gaming disorder.
"Sensory stimulation induces tensor fields, which specifically transform brain activity."
Brain activity and functional coupling changes associated with self-reference effect during both encoding and retrieval.
Cortical thickness increases after simultaneous interpretation training.
Hemispheric asymmetries in the transition from action preparation to execution.
Person perception involves functional integration between the extrastriate body area and temporal pole.
Initial and sustained brain responses to threat anticipation in blood-injection-injury phobia.
Interplay between Heightened Temporal Variability of Spontaneous Brain Activity and Task-Evoked Hyperactivation in the Blind.
Predicting the Multisensory Consequences of One's Own Action: BOLD Suppression in Auditory and Visual Cortices.
Resting state brain connectivity patterns before eventual relapse into cocaine abuse.
Representations of modality-general valence for videos and music derived from fMRI data.
Neural division of labor in reading is constrained by culture: a training study of reading Chinese characters.
Sense of Accomplishment Is Modulated by a Proper Level of Instruction and Represented in the Brain Reward System.
Brain insulin resistance deteriorates cognition by altering the topological features of brain networks.
Visual Imagery and False Memory for Pictures: A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study in Healthy Participants.
"Understanding the Goals of Everyday Instrumental Actions Is Primarily Linked to Object, Not Motor-Kinematic, Information: Evidence from fMRI."
Long-Term Effects of Acute Stress on the Prefrontal-Limbic System in the Healthy  Adult.
Overlapping neural systems represent cognitive effort and reward anticipation.
Cognitive emotion regulation modulates the balance of competing influences on ventral striatal aversive prediction error signals.
Impulsivity and aggression mediate regional brain responses in Borderline Personality Disorder: An fMRI study.
Vertex-wise examination of depressive symptom dimensions and brain volumes in older adults.
Deficient amygdala-prefrontal intrinsic connectivity after effortful emotion regulation in borderline personality disorder.
Brain networks underlying novel metaphor production.
Functional Dysconnection of the Inferior Frontal Gyrus in Young People With Bipolar Disorder or at Genetic High Risk.
Automatic numerical-spatial association in synaesthesia: An fMRI investigation.
Common and distinct brain regions processing multisensory bodily signals for peripersonal space and body ownership.
Altered causal connectivity of resting state brain networks in amnesic MCI.
"The sum of its parts--effects of gastric distention, nutrient content and sensory stimulation on brain activation."
Does degree of handedness in a group of right-handed individuals affect language  comprehension?
Regional Homogeneity Changes in Nicotine Addicts by Resting-State fMRI.
Lost emotion: Disrupted brain-based tracking of dynamic affective episodes in anxiety and depression.
Neural correlates of the impact of prior outcomes on subsequent monetary decision-making in frequent poker players.
The effect of age on neural processing of pleasant soft touch stimuli.
Evidence accumulation detected in BOLD signal using slow perceptual decision making.
Regional volumetric change in Parkinson's disease with cognitive decline.
Bad and worse: neural systems underlying reappraisal of high- and low-intensity negative emotions.
Dynamic aftereffects in supplementary motor network following inhibitory transcranial magnetic stimulation protocols.
A variance components model for statistical inference on functional connectivity  networks.
Amygdala-prefrontal cortex resting-state functional connectivity varies with first depressive or manic episode in bipolar disorder.
Neural responses to social threat and predictors of cognitive behavioral therapy  and acceptance and commitment therapy in social anxiety disorder.
Treatment for social anxiety disorder alters functional connectivity in emotion regulation neural circuitry.
Long-Term Experience of Chinese Calligraphic Handwriting Is Associated with Better Executive Functions and Stronger Resting-State Functional Connectivity in  Related Brain Regions.
Decreased functional connectivity between the dorsal anterior cingulate cortex and lingual gyrus in Alzheimer's disease patients with depression.
Functional Connectivity Anomalies in Adolescents with Psychotic Symptoms.
"Aberrant spontaneous neural activity and correlation with evoked-brain potentials in first-episode, treatment-naive patients with deficit and non-deficit schizophrenia."
Intrinsic Functional Connectivity Alterations of the Primary Visual Cortex in Primary Angle-Closure Glaucoma Patients before and after Surgery: A Resting-State fMRI Study.
The Role of Left Hemispheric Structures for Emotional Processing as a Monitor of  Bodily Reaction and Felt Chill - a Case-Control Functional Imaging Study.
Divergent Human Cortical Regions for Processing Distinct Acoustic-Semantic Categories of Natural Sounds: Animal Action Sounds vs. Vocalizations.
Internal and external attention and the default mode network.
Different mechanisms in learning different second languages: Evidence from English speakers learning Chinese and Spanish.
Unsmoothed functional MRI of the human amygdala and bed nucleus of the stria terminalis during processing of emotional faces.
Abnormal regional spontaneous neuronal activity associated with symptom severity  in treatment-naive patients with obsessive-compulsive disorder revealed by resting-state functional MRI.
Distinct cortico-striatal connections with subthalamic nucleus underlie facets of compulsivity.
Neural correlates of babyish adult face processing in men.
Obesity and insulin resistance are associated with reduced activity in core memory regions of the brain.
Similar patterns of brain activation abnormalities during emotional and non-emotional judgments of faces in a schizophrenia family study.
Relationship between resting state functional magnetic resonance imaging and memory function in mesial temporal lobe epilepsy.
Increase of posterior connectivity in aging within the Ventral Attention Network: A functional connectivity analysis using independent component analysis.
Isolating response inhibition in the brain: Parietal versus frontal contribution.
Neural Systems Underlying Emotional and Non-emotional Interference Processing: An ALE Meta-Analysis of Functional Neuroimaging Studies.
Pseudoneglect in line bisection judgement is associated with a modulation of right hemispheric spatial attention dominance in right-handers.
Experience-dependent modulation of right anterior insula and sensorimotor regions as a function of noise-masked auditory feedback in singers and nonsingers.
Neural correlates of pupil dilation during human fear learning.
Further evidence of alerted default network connectivity and association with theory of mind ability in schizophrenia.
Reward Contingencies Improve Goal-Directed Behavior by Enhancing Posterior Brain  Attentional Regions and Increasing Corticostriatal Connectivity in Cocaine Addicts.
"Predicting ""When"" in Discourse Engages the Human Dorsal Auditory Stream: An fMRI  Study Using Naturalistic Stories."
Functional connectivity in the resting brain as biological correlate of the Affective Neuroscience Personality Scales.
The Role of the Amygdala in Facial Trustworthiness Processing: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analyses of fMRI Studies.
Brain activity of adolescents with high functioning autism in response to emotional words and facial emoticons.
Tracking competition and cognitive control during language comprehension with multi-voxel pattern analysis.
Executive attention networks show altered relationship with default mode network  in PD.
Neuroimaging somatosensory perception and masking.
Regional homogeneity associated with overgeneral autobiographical memory of first-episode treatment-naive patients with major depressive disorder in the orbitofrontal cortex: A resting-state fMRI stud
Longitudinal functional brain imaging study in early course schizophrenia before  and after cognitive enhancement therapy.
Olanzapine modulation of long- and short-range functional connectivity in the resting brain in a sample of patients with schizophrenia.
Comparative Multimodal Meta-analysis of Structural and Functional Brain Abnormalities in Autism Spectrum Disorder and Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder.
Regional gray matter volume and anxiety-related traits interact to predict somatic complaints in a non-clinical sample.
Neural markers of loss aversion in resting-state brain activity.
Disrupted functional connectivity affects resting state based language lateralization.
Multivariate Brain Prediction of Heart Rate and Skin Conductance Responses to Social Threat.
Targeting Ruminative Thinking in Adolescents at Risk for Depressive Relapse: Rumination-Focused Cognitive Behavior Therapy in a Pilot Randomized Controlled Trial with Resting State fMRI.
Fronto-Parietal Contributions to Phonological Processes in Successful Artificial  Grammar Learning.
Ventral Striatum Functional Connectivity during Rewards and Losses and Symptomatology in Depressed Patients.
Water diffusion reveals networks that modulate multiregional morphological plasticity after repetitive brain stimulation.
Shared orthographic neuronal representations for spelling and reading.
Nondirective meditation activates default mode network and areas associated with  memory retrieval and emotional processing.
Mental rotation task specifically modulates functional connectivity strength of intrinsic brain activity in low frequency domains: A maximum uncertainty linear discriminant analysis.
Neural representations of the self and the mother for Chinese individuals.
Functional resting-state fMRI connectivity correlates with serum levels of the S100B protein in the acute phase of traumatic brain injury.
Neural basis of distorted self-face recognition in social anxiety disorder.
RT distributional analysis of cognitive-control-related brain activity in first-episode schizophrenia.
Brain network dysfunction in youth with obsessive-compulsive disorder induced by  simple uni-manual behavior: The role of the dorsal anterior cingulate cortex.
The relationship between task-related and subsequent memory effects.
Failure to retreat: Blunted sensitivity to negative feedback supports risky behavior in adolescents.
Sex differences in emotional perception: Meta analysis of divergent activation.
Photic memory for executive brain responses.
Disentangling meaning in the brain: Left temporal involvement in agreement processing.
Age-related differences in resolving semantic and phonological competition during receptive language tasks.
Abnormal neural processing during emotional salience attribution of affective asymmetry in patients with schizophrenia.
Age-related reduction of BOLD modulation to cognitive difficulty predicts poorer  task accuracy and poorer fluid reasoning ability.
Regional Brain Responses Are Biased Toward Infant Facial Expressions Compared to  Adult Facial Expressions in Nulliparous Women.
Successful contextual integration of loose mental associations as evidenced by emotional conflict-processing.
Decreased amygdala functional connectivity in adolescents with autism: A resting-state fMRI study.
Altered structural and functional thalamocortical networks in secondarily generalized extratemporal lobe seizures.
Voxel-based lesion symptom mapping analysis of depressive mood in patients with isolated cerebellar stroke: A pilot study.
Neural correlates of the affective properties of spontaneous and volitional laughter types.
Validating an image-based fNIRS approach with fMRI and a working memory task.
The Neural Correlates of Humor Creativity.
Distinct Neural Substrates for Maintaining Locations and Spatial Relations in Working Memory.
Distributed neural signatures of natural audiovisual speech and music in the human auditory cortex.
Dance and music share gray matter structural correlates.
Changes in low-frequency fluctuations in patients with antisocial personality disorder revealed by resting-state functional MRI.
Neural bases of congenital amusia in tonal language speakers.
Difference in neural response to social exclusion observation and subsequent altruism between adolescents and adults.
Variety in emotional life: within-category typicality of emotional experiences is associated with neural activity in large-scale brain networks.
The left intraparietal sulcus adapts to symbolic number in both the visual and auditory modalities: Evidence from fMRI.
Higher order intentionality tasks are cognitively more demanding.
Sensitivity to perception level differentiates two subnetworks within the mirror  neuron system.
Brains in dialogue: decoding neural preparation of speaking to a conversational partner.
Damage to white matter bottlenecks contributes to language impairments after left hemispheric stroke.
Semantic memory: distinct neural representations for abstractness and valence.
Altered functional brain connectivity in patients with visually induced dizziness.
Brain Activity during Mental Imagery of Gait Versus Gait-Like Plantar Stimulation: A Novel Combined Functional MRI Paradigm to Better Understand Cerebral Gait Control.
"Space, time, and causality in the human brain."
Ventral striatum and the evaluation of memory retrieval strategies.
Multisensory convergence of visual and haptic object preference across development.
Hypoconnectivity of Resting-State Networks in Persons with Aphasia Compared with  Healthy Age-Matched Adults.
Prefrontal and parietal correlates of cognitive control related to the adult outcome of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder diagnosed in childhood.
Exploring the roles of spectral detail and intonation contour in speech intelligibility: an FMRI study.
Self-referential processing in unipolar depression: Distinct roles of subregions  of the medial prefrontal cortex.
Interactions between the anterior cingulate-insula network and the fronto-parietal network during perceptual decision-making.
Neural underpinnings of prosexual effects induced by gamma-hydroxybutyrate in healthy male humans.
Cortical thickness reduction in combat exposed U.S. veterans with and without PTSD.
A direct comparison of appetitive and aversive anticipation: Overlapping and distinct neural activation.
GABRB1 Single Nucleotide Polymorphism Associated with Altered Brain Responses (but not Performance) during Measures of Impulsivity and Reward Sensitivity in Human Adolescents.
Unraveling Brain Functional Connectivity of encoding and retrieval in the context of education.
Different activity patterns for action and language within their shared neural areas: An fMRI study on action observation and language phonology.
Anterior cingulate cortex instigates adaptive switches in choice by integrating immediate and delayed components of value in ventromedial prefrontal cortex.
"Brain, body, and cognition: Neural, physiological and self-report correlates of phobic and normative fear."
Functional Brain Activation in Response to a Clinical Vestibular Test Correlates  with Balance.
Cross-cultural differences in the neural correlates of specific and general recognition.
"Amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations in first-episode, drug-naive depressive patients: A 5-year retrospective study."
Development of sensitivity versus specificity for print in the visual word form area.
Social Interaction Affects Neural Outcomes of Sign Language Learning As a Foreign Language in Adults.
Transdiagnostic differences in the resting-state functional connectivity of the prefrontal cortex in depression and schizophrenia.
Altered cortical and subcortical connectivity due to infrasound administered near the hearing threshold - Evidence from fMRI.
Neural correlates of emotion acceptance vs worry or suppression in generalized anxiety disorder.
You talkin' to me? Communicative talker gaze activates left-lateralized superior  temporal cortex during perception of degraded speech.
Avoiding boredom: Caudate and insula activity reflects boredom-elicited purchase  bias.
Putting race in context: social class modulates processing of race in the ventromedial prefrontal cortex and amygdala.
Neural correlates of intentional and stimulus-driven inhibition: a comparison.
The cognitive and neurobiological effects of daily stress in adolescents.
"Don't worry, be happy - Neural correlates of the influence of musically induced mood on self-evaluation."
Effects of risk for bipolar disorder on brain function: A twin and family study.
Gray matter volume changes in chronic subcortical stroke: A cross-sectional study.
Alcohol-Induced Impairment of Inhibitory Control Is Linked to Attenuated Brain Responses in Right Fronto-Temporal Cortex.
Latent and Abnormal Functional Connectivity Circuits in Autism Spectrum Disorder.
Task difficulty modulates brain activation in the emotional oddball task.
Altered Cognitive Control Activations after Moderate-to-Severe Traumatic Brain Injury and Their Relationship to Injury Severity and Everyday-Life Function.
A neural network underlying intentional emotional facial expression in neurodegenerative disease.
Neural Correlates of Subliminal Language Processing.
"Imaging decision about whether to benefit self by harming others: Adolescents with conduct and substance problems, with or without callous-unemotionality, or developing typically."
Functional magnetic resonance imaging investigation of brain regions associated with astringency.
3T hippocampal glutamate-glutamine complex reflects verbal memory decline in aging.
Activation and Functional Connectivity of the Left Inferior Temporal Gyrus during Visual Speech Priming in Healthy Listeners and Listeners with Schizophrenia.
Masking level differences--a diffusion tensor imaging and functional MRI study.
The Dorsal Medial Prefrontal Cortex Is Recruited by High Construal of Non-social  Stimuli.
Radiation-induced abnormal cortical thickness in patients with nasopharyngeal carcinoma after radiotherapy.
"Regional homogeneity, resting-state functional connectivity and amplitude of low  frequency fluctuation associated with creativity measured by divergent thinking in a sex-specific manner."
Functional connectivity between prefrontal and parietal cortex drives visuo-spatial attention shifts.
Neural activity associated with enhanced facial attractiveness by cosmetics use.
Disrupted functional connectivity of striatal sub-regions in Bell's palsy patients.
Altered spontaneous brain activity in primary open angle glaucoma: a resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Altered Hippocampo-Cerebello-Cortical Circuit in Schizophrenia by a Spatiotemporal Consistency and Causal Connectivity Analysis.
Activity and connectivity of the cerebellum in trigeminal nociception.
Logopenic and nonfluent variants of primary progressive aphasia are differentiated by acoustic measures of speech production.
Glutamatergic metabolites are associated with visual plasticity in humans.
Abnormal cortical functional activity in patients with ischemic white matter lesions: A resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
A functional imaging study of self-regulatory capacities in persons who stutter.
How people with multiple sclerosis cope with a sustained finger motor task: A behavioural and fMRI study.
Categorical encoding of color in the brain.
Comparing neural substrates of emotional vs. non-emotional conflict modulation by global control context.
Face-name association task reveals memory networks in patients with left and right hippocampal sclerosis.
The experience of mathematical beauty and its neural correlates.
Young adolescents with autism show abnormal joint attention network: A gaze contingent fMRI study.
Functional connectivity in resting state as a phonemic fluency ability measure.
Early cortical biomarkers of longitudinal transcutaneous vagus nerve stimulation  treatment success in depression.
The neural basis of maternal bonding.
Bilingual speech-in-noise: Neural bases of semantic context use in the native language.
Meta-analysis of functional magnetic resonance imaging studies of timing and cognitive control in schizophrenia and bipolar disorder: Evidence of a primary time deficit.
Structural brain alterations in patients with lumbar disc herniation: a preliminary study.
Neural mechanisms of mood-induced modulation of reality monitoring in schizophrenia.
"Intranasal oxytocin, but not vasopressin, augments neural responses to toddlers in human fathers."
FMRI activity during associative encoding is correlated with cardiorespiratory fitness and source memory performance in older adults.
Brain-behavior relationships in source memory: Effects of age and memory ability.
Task-dependent neural and behavioral effects of verb argument structure features.
Retrieval of high-fidelity memory arises from distributed cortical networks.
A Coordinate-Based Meta-Analysis of Overlaps in Regional Specialization and Functional Connectivity across Subjective Value and Default Mode Networks.
Decreased Cingulate Cortex activation during cognitive control processing in bipolar disorder.
Dopamine Modulates Adaptive Prediction Error Coding in the Human Midbrain and Striatum.
Human ventromedial prefrontal cortex and the positive affective processing of safety signals.
Seeing Jesus in toast: neural and behavioral correlates of face pareidolia.
High-sensitivity TMS/fMRI of the Human Motor Cortex Using a Dedicated Multichannel MR Coil.
Developmental phonagnosia: Linking neural mechanisms with the behavioural phenotype.
Identifying the presence of Parkinson's disease using low-frequency fluctuations  in BOLD signals.
An ER-fMRI study of Russian inflectional morphology.
A neural model of valuation and information virality.
Neural patterns underlying the effect of negative distractors on working memory in older adults.
Decoding versus comprehension: Brain responses underlying reading comprehension in children with autism.
Neural activation during response inhibition in adult attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder: preliminary findings on the effects of  medication and symptom severity.
But do you think I'm cool? Developmental differences in striatal recruitment during direct and reflected social self-evaluations.
Neural correlates of graphic cigarette warning labels predict smoking cessation relapse.
Modulation of APOE and SORL1 genes on hippocampal functional connectivity in healthy young adults.
Flavor pleasantness processing in the ventral emotion network.
Hemispheric asymmetry in myelin after stroke is related to motor impairment and function.
The neural basis of the bystander effect--the influence of group size on neural activity when witnessing an emergency.
Brain activation to task-irrelevant disorder-related threat in social anxiety disorder: The impact of symptom severity.
A multivariate distance-based analytic framework for connectome-wide association  studies.
Neural Correlates of Mirror Visual Feedback-Induced Performance Improvements: A Resting-State fMRI Study.
Cross-cultural consistency and diversity in intrinsic functional organization of  Broca's Region.
Abnormal functional networks in resting-state of the sub-cortical chronic stroke  patients with hemiplegia.
Ultra-High-Field fMRI Reveals a Role for the Subiculum in Scene Perceptual Discrimination.
Cross-modal representation of spoken and written word meaning in left pars triangularis.
Hierarchical control of procedural and declarative category-learning systems.
Association of medial prefrontal resting state functional connectivity and metacognitive capacity in early phase psychosis.
Altered olfactory processing and increased insula activity in patients with obsessive-compulsive disorder: An fMRI study.
24-h smoking abstinence potentiates fMRI-BOLD activation to smoking cues in cerebral cortex and dorsal striatum.
Age-related alterations in default mode network: impact on working memory performance.
Temporal profile of fronto-striatal-limbic activity during implicit decisions in  drug dependence.
Common and distinct neural correlates of emotional processing in Bipolar Disorder and Major Depressive Disorder: a voxel-based meta-analysis of functional magnetic resonance imaging studies.
Brain deactivation in the outperformance in bimodal tasks: an FMRI study.
Modulation of fronto-limbic activity by the psychoeducation in euthymic bipolar patients. A functional MRI study.
Regional brain gray matter abnormalities in patients with bipolar II disorder: a comparison study with bipolar I patients and healthy controls.
A positron emission tomography study of nigro-striatal dopaminergic mechanisms underlying attention: implications for ADHD and its treatment.
Analysis of Cortical Shape in Children with Simplex Autism.
Abnormal movement preparation in task-specific focal hand dystonia.
Insula-amygdala functional connectivity is correlated with habituation to repeated negative images.
The neural representation of emotionally neutral faces and places in patients with panic disorder with agoraphobia.
Pathways to lexical ambiguity: fMRI evidence for bilateral fronto-parietal involvement in language processing.
Fronto-parietal dorsal and ventral pathways in the context of different linguistic manipulations.
Functional neuroanatomy of vocalization in patients with Parkinson's disease.
Resting state fMRI entropy probes complexity of brain activity in adults with ADHD.
Approaches to local connectivity in autism using resting state functional connectivity MRI.
Selective transfer of visual working memory training on Chinese character learning.
Reading the mind in the infant eyes: Paradoxical effects of oxytocin on neural activity and emotion recognition in watching pictures of infant faces.
Brain systems underlying attentional control and emotional distraction during working memory encoding.
The extrastriate body area is involved in illusory limb ownership.
Estimates of segregation and overlap of functional connectivity networks in the human cerebral cortex.
Design choices in imaging speech comprehension: an Activation Likelihood Estimation (ALE) meta-analysis.
"When ""Your"" reward is the same as ""My"" reward: self-construal priming shifts neural responses to own vs. friends' rewards."
The superior temporal sulcus and the N170 during face processing: single trial analysis of concurrent EEG-fMRI.
Unfolding the Spatial and Temporal Neural Processing of Lying about Face Familiarity.
Drawing lines while imagining circles: Neural basis of the bimanual coupling effect during motor execution and motor imagery.
Neuroanatomical correlates of genetic risk for bipolar disorder: A voxel-based morphometry study in bipolar type I patients and healthy first degree relatives.
Neuroanatomic correlates of the feature-salience hierarchy in face processing: an fMRI -adaptation study.
"Functional and anatomical correlates of word-, sentence-, and discourse-level integration in sign language."
Neural underpinnings of the identifiable victim effect: affect shifts preferences for giving.
Memory consolidation of fear conditioning: Bi-stable amygdala connectivity with dorsal anterior cingulate and medial prefrontal cortex.
Increased suicide attempts in young depressed patients with abnormal temporal-parietal-limbic gray matter volume.
Age-related variability in performance of a motor action selection task is related to differences in brain function and structure among older adults.
Scene construction impairments in Alzheimer's disease - A unique role for the posterior cingulate cortex.
LSD modulates music-induced imagery via changes in parahippocampal connectivity.
Timing and tuning for familiarity of cortical responses to faces.
Strategies influence neural activity for feedback learning across child and adolescent development.
The representation of category typicality in the frontal cortex and its cross-linguistic variations.
Cross-linguistic parallels in processing derivational morphology: evidence from Polish.
Lateralized task shift effects in Broca's and Wernicke's regions and in visual word form area are selective for conceptual content and reflect trial history.
Task modulations of racial bias in neural responses to others' suffering.
Brain volumetry counterparts of cognitive impairment in patients with multiple sclerosis.
Differences in neural activation as a function of risk-taking task parameters.
Neural correlates of social perception on response bias.
Automatic semantic facilitation in anterior temporal cortex revealed through multimodal neuroimaging.
Hierarchical prediction errors in midbrain and basal forebrain during sensory learning.
Abnormal cortical thickness in heroin-dependent individuals.
Domain-general signals in the cingulo-opercular network for visuospatial attention and episodic memory.
Altered relationships between age and functional brain activation in adolescents  at clinical high risk for psychosis.
Reading impairment in schizophrenia: dysconnectivity within the visual system.
Effects of childhood poverty and chronic stress on emotion regulatory brain function in adulthood.
Non-verbal emotion communication training induces specific changes in brain function and structure.
Avoidant symptoms in PTSD predict fear circuit activation during multimodal fear  extinction.
Normal brain activation in schizophrenia patients during associative emotional learning.
"Less Wiring, More Firing: Low-Performing Older Adults Compensate for Impaired White Matter with Greater Neural Activity."
Increased functional connectivity within mesocortical networks in open people.
Affective modulation of cognitive control is determined by performance-contingency and mediated by ventromedial prefrontal and cingulate cortex.
Childhood maltreatment is associated with altered fear circuitry and increased internalizing symptoms by late adolescence.
The neural underpinnings of an optimal exploitation of social information under uncertainty.
Shifted coupling of EEG driving frequencies and fMRI resting state networks in schizophrenia spectrum disorders.
Neuroanatomical correlates of Klinefelter syndrome studied in relation to the neuropsychological profile.
FMRI scanner noise interaction with affective neural processes.
Hidden word learning capacity through orthography in aphasia.
Cortico-striatal-thalamic network functional connectivity in hemiparkinsonism.
Duration of untreated psychosis is associated with orbital-frontal grey matter volume reductions in first episode psychosis.
Stable signatures of schizophrenia in the cortical-subcortical-cerebellar network using fMRI of verbal working memory.
Larger regional white matter volume is associated with executive function deficit in remitted geriatric depression: an optimized voxel-based morphometry study.
Elucidating the aberrant brain regions in bipolar disorder using T1-weighted/T2-weighted magnetic resonance ratio images.
Cultural influences on the neural correlate of moral decision making processes.
Brain activity in advantageous and disadvantageous situations: implications for reward/punishment sensitivity in different situations.
Residual number processing in dyscalculia.
"Volitional regulation of emotions produces distributed alterations in connectivity between visual, attention control, and default networks."
Functional connectivity of negative emotional processing in adolescent depression.
Involvement of the mirror neuron system in blunted affect in schizophrenia.
"Education, occupation, leisure activities, and brain reserve: a population-based study."
Differential brain activity in subjects with painful trigeminal neuropathy and painful temporomandibular disorder.
The dynamics of contour integration: A simultaneous EEG-fMRI study.
To create or to recall? Neural mechanisms underlying the generation of creative new ideas.
Individual differences in the morphometry and activation of time perception networks are influenced by dopamine genotype.
Capturing the musical brain with Lasso: Dynamic decoding of musical features from fMRI data.
Lateral posterior parietal activity during source memory judgments of perceived and imagined events.
Cognitive control network connectivity in adolescent women with and without a parental history of depression.
The contribution of different frequency bands of fMRI data to the correlation with EEG alpha rhythm.
Alterations in regional functional coherence within the sensory-motor network in  amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Processing of zero-derived words in English: an fMRI investigation.
A phenotypic structure and neural correlates of compulsive behaviors in adolescents.
Audio-visual perception of 3D cinematography: an fMRI study using condition-based and computation-based analyses.
Age of language learning shapes brain structure: a cortical thickness study of bilingual and monolingual individuals.
Structural Abnormalities in Bipolar Euthymia: A Multicontrast Molecular Diffusion Imaging Study.
The functional neuroanatomy of spontaneous retrieval and strategic monitoring of  delayed intentions.
Format-dependent representations of symbolic and non-symbolic numbers in the human cortex as revealed by multi-voxel pattern analyses.
Altered resting state brain networks in Parkinson's disease.
Distinct loci of lexical and semantic access deficits in aphasia: Evidence from voxel-based lesion-symptom mapping and diffusion tensor imaging.
Is the brain's inertia for motor movements different for acceleration and deceleration?
Using hypnotic suggestion to model loss of control and awareness of movements: an exploratory FMRI study.
Anger under control: neural correlates of frustration as a function of trait aggression.
The role of the IFG and pSTS in syntactic prediction: Evidence from a parametric study of hierarchical structure in fMRI.
Decreased thalamocortical functional connectivity after 36 hours of total sleep deprivation: evidence from resting state FMRI.
The Development of the Neural Substrates of Cognitive Control in Adolescents with Autism Spectrum Disorders.
Fractionating the neural correlates of individual working memory components underlying arithmetic problem solving skills in children.
"Audiovisual speech integration does not rely on the motor system: evidence from articulatory suppression, the McGurk effect, and fMRI."
Temporal and spatial neural dynamics in the perception of basic emotions from complex scenes.
How reading acquisition changes children's spoken language network.
Existential neuroscience: self-esteem moderates neuronal responses to mortality-related stimuli.
Reduced regional homogeneity in bilateral frontostriatal system relates to higher impulsivity behavior in codeine-containing cough syrups dependent individuals.
Examination of cognitive fatigue in multiple sclerosis using functional magnetic  resonance imaging and diffusion tensor imaging.
Grey matter correlates of three language tests in non-demented older adults.
The neural basis of responsibility attribution in decision-making.
Longitudinal growth curves of brain function underlying inhibitory control through adolescence.
Scene construction in developmental amnesia: an fMRI study.
Hormonal contraceptives masculinize brain activation patterns in the absence of behavioral changes in two numerical tasks.
Neural correlates of four broad temperament dimensions: testing predictions for a novel construct of personality.
Abnormal error monitoring in math-anxious individuals: evidence from error-related brain potentials.
"Disruption of Functional Networks in Dyslexia: A Whole-Brain, Data-Driven Analysis of Connectivity."
Directed forgetting of negative self-referential information is difficult: an FMRI study.
Evaluation of activity-dependent functional pH and T1rho response in the visual cortex.
Movement and afferent representations in human motor areas: a simultaneous neuroimaging and transcranial magnetic/peripheral nerve-stimulation study.
Altered brain activity for phonological manipulation in dyslexic Japanese children.
Prefrontal cortical dysfunction during visual perspective-taking in schizophrenia.
Resting-state functional connectivity and reading abilities in first and second languages.
Invariance detection in the brain: revealed in a stepwise category induction task.
Aberrant neural mediation of verbal fluency in autism spectrum disorders.
Bilinguals use language-control brain areas more than monolinguals to perform non-linguistic switching tasks.
The alterations in inter-hemispheric functional coordination of patients with panic disorder: the findings in the posterior sub-network of default mode network.
Deployment and post-deployment experiences in OEF/OIF veterans: relationship to gray matter volume.
"Humor processing in children: influence of temperament, age and IQ."
Supramodal neural processing of abstract information conveyed by speech and gesture.
Task vs. rest-different network configurations between the coactivation and the resting-state brain networks.
Both novelty and expertise increase action observation network activity.
Numerical ordering and symbolic arithmetic share frontal and parietal circuits in the right hemisphere.
Leading the follower: an fMRI investigation of dynamic cooperativity and leader-follower strategies in synchronization with an adaptive virtual partner.
Altered neural correlates of affective processing after internet-delivered cognitive behavior therapy for social anxiety disorder.
Regional homogeneity abnormalities in patients with transient ischaemic attack: a resting-state fMRI study.
Neural substrates of figurative language during natural speech perception: an fMRI study.
Hearing feelings: a quantitative meta-analysis on the neuroimaging literature of emotional prosody perception.
Large-Scale Brain Networks of the Human Left Temporal Pole: A Functional Connectivity MRI Study.
Network dynamics underlying speed-accuracy trade-offs in response to errors.
"The relationship between self-awareness of attentional status, behavioral performance and oscillatory brain rhythms."
"Dissociation of regional activity in the default mode network in first-episode, drug-naive major depressive disorder at rest."
Interoceptive awareness moderates neural activity during decision-making.
Weak reward source memory in depression reflects blunted activation of VTA/SN and parahippocampus.
Auditory tracts identified with combined fMRI and diffusion tractography.
Frontal cortical thinning and subcortical volume reductions in early adulthood obesity.
Medial frontal cortex and anterior insula are less sensitive to outcome predictability when monetary stakes are higher.
Intraoperative electrical stimulation of language switching in two bilingual patients.
Enhanced activation of motor execution networks using action observation combined with imagination of lower limb movements.
Task-related fronto-striatal functional connectivity during working memory performance in schizophrenia.
Equivalent neural responses in children and adolescents with and without autism during judgments of affect.
Testicular volume is inversely correlated with nurturing-related brain activity in human fathers.
Memory self-efficacy beliefs modulate brain activity when encoding real-world future intentions.
Modulatory interactions of resting-state brain functional connectivity.
Elevated functional connectivity in a striatal-amygdala circuit in pathological gamblers.
Reprint of: fMRI studies of successful emotional memory encoding: a quantitative meta-analysis.
Neural bases of individual variation in decision time.
Real world navigation independence in the early blind correlates with differential brain activity associated with virtual navigation.
"Reappraising social emotions: the role of inferior frontal gyrus, temporo-parietal junction and insula in interpersonal emotion regulation."
The neural correlates of in-group and self-face perception: is there overlap for  high identifiers?
Overlapping neural circuitry for narrative comprehension and proficient reading in children and adolescents.
Boosting BOLD fMRI by K-space density weighted echo planar imaging.
Functional imaging of implicit marijuana associations during performance on an Implicit Association Test (IAT).
Neural networks underlying contributions from semantics in reading aloud.
Cannabis cue-induced brain activation correlates with drug craving in limbic and  visual salience regions: preliminary results.
Functional connectivity abnormalities vary by amygdala subdivision and are associated with psychiatric symptoms in unilateral temporal epilepsy.
Tactile and visual motion direction processing in hMT+/V5.
Sex differences in the persistence of the amygdala response to negative material.
Reduction in cerebral perfusion after heroin administration: a resting state arterial spin labeling study.
Human fMRI reveals that delayed action re-recruits visual perception.
Vicarious neural processing of outcomes during observational learning.
Evaluation of the effectiveness of pregabalin in alleviating pain associated with fibromyalgia: using functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Isn't it ironic? Neural correlates of irony comprehension in schizophrenia.
"Psychological, endocrine and neural responses to social evaluation in subclinical depression."
Existential neuroscience: effects of mortality salience on the neurocognitive processing of attractive opposite-sex faces.
Pattern classification of response inhibition in ADHD: Toward the development of  neurobiological markers for ADHD.
Influencing food choices by training: evidence for modulation of frontoparietal control signals.
Greater striatal responses to medication in Parkinson׳s disease are associated with better task-switching but worse reward performance.
Psilocybin-Induced Decrease in Amygdala Reactivity Correlates with Enhanced Positive Mood in Healthy Volunteers.
Dopamine receptor 4 promoter polymorphism modulates memory and neuronal responses to salience.
Talking about social conflict in the MRI scanner: neural correlates of being empathized with.
Possible role of an error detection mechanism in brain processing of deception: PET-fMRI study.
Aberrant intrinsic connectivity of hippocampus and amygdala overlap in the fronto-insular and dorsomedial-prefrontal cortex in major depressive disorder.
Individual differences in posterior cortical volume correlate with proneness to pride and gratitude.
Representations of pitch and slow modulation in auditory cortex.
Rapid functional reorganization in human cortex following neural perturbation.
Neural Conflict-Control Mechanisms Improve Memory for Target Stimuli.
The role of accent imitation in sensorimotor integration during processing of intelligible speech.
Superficial white matter as a novel substrate of age-related cognitive decline.
Executive dysfunction and gray matter atrophy in amnestic mild cognitive impairment.
Oxytocin Receptor Genotype Modulates Ventral Striatal Activity to Social Cues and Response to Stressful Life Events.
Impaired context processing as a potential marker of psychosis risk state.
Parahippocampal gray matter alterations in Spinocerebellar Ataxia Type 2 identified by voxel based morphometry.
Abnormally increased and incoherent resting-state activity is shared between patients with schizophrenia and their unaffected siblings.
Meditation's impact on default mode network and hippocampus in mild cognitive impairment: a pilot study.
Neural correlates of shape-color binding in visual working memory.
Difference in amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation between currently depressed  and remitted females with major depressive disorder.
The architecture of the chess player's brain.
Reactive cognitive-control processes in free-report consonant-vowel dichotic listening.
Reduced functional connectivity within the limbic cortico-striato-thalamo-cortical loop in unmedicated adults with obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Frequency-dependent changes in amplitude of low-frequency oscillations in depression: A resting-state fMRI study.
Temporal and spatial evolution of grey matter atrophy in primary progressive multiple sclerosis.
Changes in cortical thickness across the lifespan in major depressive disorder.
The role of the striatum in goal activation of cascaded actions.
Whole-brain functional connectivity during acquisition of novel grammar: Distinct functional networks depend on language learning abilities.
The neural pathway underlying a numerical working memory task in abacus-trained children and associated functional connectivity in the resting brain.
Altered functional connectivity of basal ganglia circuitry in dental phobia.
CSF YKL-40 and pTau181 are related to different cerebral morphometric patterns in early AD.
Imaging the neuroplastic effects of ketamine with VBM and the necessity of placebo control.
Altered olfactory processing of stress-related body odors and artificial odors in patients with panic disorder.
Déjà-vu in temporal lobe epilepsy: metabolic pattern of cortical involvement in patients with normal brain MRI.
Medial prefrontal cortex activation is commonly invoked by reputation of self and romantic partners.
Medial frontal and dorsal cortical morphometric abnormalities are related to obsessive-compulsive disorder.
The neural mechanism of encountering misjudgment by the justice system.
Effects of emotional contexts on cerebello-thalamo-cortical activity during action observation.
Alcohol affects neuronal substrates of response inhibition but not of perceptual  processing of stimuli signalling a stop response.
Selective and invariant neural responses to spoken and written narratives.
Regional homogeneity and resting state functional connectivity: associations with exposure to early life stress.
Brain structural alterations in obsessive-compulsive disorder patients with autogenous and reactive obsessions.
"Effect of ""SOHAM"" meditation on the human brain: an fMRI study."
Widespread Reductions in Cortical Thickness Following Severe Early-Life Deprivation: A Neurodevelopmental Pathway to Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder.
He Who Is Well Prepared Has Half Won The Battle: An fMRI Study of Task Preparation.
Association between cerebrospinal fluid tau and brain atrophy is not related to clinical severity in the Alzheimer's disease continuum.
Age-related differences in the neural correlates mediating false recollection.
Sparse canonical correlation analysis relates network-level atrophy to multivariate cognitive measures in a neurodegenerative population.
Cerebellar activity in young people with familial risk for psychosis--The Oulu Brain and Mind Study.
The nature of mind wandering during reading varies with the cognitive control demands of the reading strategy.
Rough primes and rough conversations: evidence for a modality-specific basis to mental metaphors.
Unimodal and multimodal regions for logographic language processing in left ventral occipitotemporal cortex.
"Default mode, dorsal attention and auditory resting state networks exhibit differential functional connectivity in tinnitus and hearing loss."
Soothing the threatened brain: leveraging contact comfort with emotionally focused therapy.
Incongruent object/context relationships in visual scenes: where are they processed in the brain?
Effects of emotion and emotional valence on the neural correlates of episodic memory search and elaboration.
Effects of combining 2 weeks of passive sensory stimulation with active hand motor training in healthy adults.
"Altered spontaneous brain activity in patients with Parkinson's disease accompanied by depressive symptoms, as revealed by regional homogeneity and functional connectivity in the prefrontal-limbic sys"
Neuroticism and the brain: a quantitative meta-analysis of neuroimaging studies investigating emotion processing.
Decomposing decision components in the stop-signal task: a model-based approach to individual differences in inhibitory control.
Regional gray matter volume is associated with empathizing and systemizing in young adults.
Hippocampal and Frontolimbic Function as Intermediate Phenotype for Psychosis: Evidence from Healthy Relatives and a Common Risk Variant in CACNA1C.
Social anhedonia and medial prefrontal response to mutual liking in late adolescents.
Cluster-extent based thresholding in fMRI analyses: pitfalls and recommendations.
When a loved one feels unfamiliar: a case study on the neural basis of Capgras delusion.
Developmental changes of neuronal networks associated with strategic social decision-making.
The effect of theta-burst TMS on cognitive control networks measured with resting state fMRI.
The neural coding of creative idea generation across adolescence and early adulthood.
"Functional magnetic resonance imaging connectivity analyses reveal efference-copy to primary somatosensory area, BA2."
Contribution of the resting-state functional connectivity of the contralesional primary sensorimotor cortex to motor recovery after subcortical stroke.
Memory for fearful faces across development: specialization of amygdala nuclei and medial temporal lobe structures.
Childhood emotional maltreatment severity is associated with dorsal medial prefrontal cortex responsivity to social exclusion in young adults.
First-episode medication-naive major depressive disorder is associated with altered resting brain function in the affective network.
Complex regional pain syndrome type I affects brain structure in prefrontal and motor cortex.
Gray-white matter and cerebrospinal fluid volume differences in children with Specific Language Impairment and/or Reading Disability.
Morphological brain plasticity induced by musical expertise is accompanied by modulation of functional connectivity at rest.
Common and distinct neural correlates of facial emotion processing in social anxiety disorder and Williams syndrome: A systematic review and voxel-based meta-analysis of functional resonance imaging studies.
Neural substrates of cognitive control under the belief of getting neurofeedback  training.
White matter diffusion abnormalities in patients with psychogenic non-epileptic seizures.
Association of ventral striatum monoamine oxidase-A binding and functional connectivity in antisocial personality disorder with high impulsivity: A positron emission tomography and functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Frontotemporal neural systems supporting semantic processing in Alzheimer's disease.
Abnormal baseline brain activity in drug-naive patients with Tourette syndrome: a resting-state fMRI study.
White matter microstructural changes as vulnerability factors and acquired signs  of post-earthquake distress.
Neural mechanisms underlying social conformity in an ultimatum game.
Implicit target substitution and sequencing for lexical tone production in Chinese: an FMRI study.
Hoarding disorder and obsessive-compulsive disorder show different patterns of neural activity during response inhibition.
The cortical basis of true memory and false memory for motion.
Multiple subregions in superior temporal cortex are differentially sensitive to vocal expressions: a quantitative meta-analysis.
The role of semantic abstractness and perceptual category in processing speech accompanied by gestures.
Dissociated repetition deficits in aphasia can reflect flexible interactions between left dorsal and ventral streams and gender-dimorphic architecture of the  right dorsal stream.
Cross-modal integration of emotions in the chemical senses.
A word by any other intonation: FMRI evidence for implicit memory traces for pitch contours of spoken words in adult brains.
A large N400 but no BOLD effect--comparing source activations of semantic priming in simultaneous EEG-fMRI.
BAIAP2 is related to emotional modulation of human memory strength.
Cross-linguistic influence of first language writing systems on brain responses to second language word reading in late bilinguals.
White matter abnormalities correlate with neurocognitive performance in patients with HBV-related cirrhosis.
Anxiety type modulates immediate versus delayed engagement of attention-related brain regions.
Structural brain alteration in survivors of acute lymphoblastic leukemia with chemotherapy treatment: A voxel-based morphometry and diffusion tensor imaging study.
Linking inter-individual differences in the conflict adaptation effect to spontaneous brain activity.
Neural systems underlying the reappraisal of personally craved foods.
Quantitative characterization of functional anatomical contributions to cognitive control under uncertainty.
Neural substrates of social status inference: roles of medial prefrontal cortex and superior temporal sulcus.
Effects of Cognitive-Behavioral Therapy on Brain Responses to Subliminal and Supraliminal Threat and Their Functional Significance in Specific Phobia.
Imaging early consolidation of perceptual learning with face stimuli during rest.
The neural bases of feeling understood and not understood.
Neural basis of increased costly norm enforcement under adversity.
'Inner voices': the cerebral representation of emotional voice cues described in  literary texts.
Dynamic emotion perception and prior expectancy.
Girls' challenging social experiences in early adolescence predict neural response to rewards and depressive symptoms.
Altered neural activity in the 'when' pathway during temporal processing in fragile X premutation carriers.
The route to an integrative associative memory is influenced by emotion.
An investigation into the origin of anatomical differences in dyslexia.
Representational similarity analysis reveals commonalities and differences in the semantic processing of words and objects.
Convergent BOLD and Beta-Band Activity in Superior Temporal Sulcus and Frontolimbic Circuitry Underpins Human Emotion Cognition.
Rules from words: a dynamic neural basis for a lawful linguistic process.
Functional connectivity between face-movement and speech-intelligibility areas during auditory-only speech perception.
Neural mechanisms by which attention modulates the comparison of remembered and perceptual representations.
Lateral occipitotemporal cortex and action representation.
Meta-analysis of fMRI studies of timing in attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).
The impact of egocentric vs. allocentric agency attributions on the neural bases of reasoning about social rules.
Bilingual brain organization: a functional magnetic resonance adaptation study.
Brain mechanisms underlying the effects of aging on different aspects of selective attention.
Functional magnetic resonance imaging brain activation in bipolar mania: evidence for disruption of the ventrolateral prefrontal-amygdala emotional pathway.
The neural bases underlying social risk perception in purchase decisions.
Relationship between individual differences in functional connectivity and facial-emotion recognition abilities in adults with traumatic brain injury.
Sequential inhibitory control processes assessed through simultaneous EEG-fMRI.
"A meta-analysis of fMRI studies on Chinese orthographic, phonological, and semantic processing."
Temporal reliability and lateralization of the resting-state language network.
The cognitive control of memory: age differences in the neural correlates of successful remembering and intentional forgetting.
Neural correlates of illusory line motion.
The neural correlates of risk propensity in males and females using resting-state fMRI.
Detecting analogies unconsciously.
Frontopolar cortex and decision-making efficiency: comparing brain activity of experts with different professional background during an exploration-exploitation task.
Insular dysfunction within the salience network is associated with severity of symptoms and aberrant inter-network connectivity in major depressive disorder.
Primacy and recency effects as indices of the focus of attention.
Functional MR imaging of a simulated balance task.
Longitudinal study of striatal activation to reward and loss anticipation from mid-adolescence into late adolescence/early adulthood.
Source recognition by stimulus content in the MTL.
Motor imagery learning modulates functional connectivity of multiple brain systems in resting state.
Social alienation in schizophrenia patients: association with insula responsiveness to facial expressions of disgust.
Precuneus is a functional core of the default-mode network.
Resting state functional connectivity of the nucleus accumbens in youth with a family history of alcoholism.
Evidence for altered amygdala activation in schizophrenia in an adaptive emotion  recognition task.
Gray matter volume abnormalities in type 2 diabetes mellitus with and without mild cognitive impairment.
Evidence for working memory storage operations in perceptual cortex.
"Hippocampal and orbital inferior frontal gray matter volume abnormalities and cognitive deficit in treatment-naive, first-episode patients with schizophrenia."
Structural correlates of facial emotion recognition deficits in Parkinson's disease patients.
Age-related differences in brain activity in the subsequent memory paradigm: a meta-analysis.
Three-Week Bright-Light Intervention Has Dose-Related Effects on Threat-Related Corticolimbic Reactivity and Functional Coupling.
Cardiovascular risks and brain function: a functional magnetic resonance imaging  study of executive function in older adults.
Gyrification of Broca's region is anomalously lateralized at onset of schizophrenia in adolescence and regresses at 2 year follow-up.
Re-thinking the role of motor cortex: context-sensitive motor outputs?
ZDHHC8 gene may play a role in cortical volumes of patients with schizophrenia.
Olfaction as a marker for depression in humans.
"BDNF polymorphisms are linked to poorer working memory performance, reduced cerebellar and hippocampal volumes and differences in prefrontal cortex in a Swedish elderly population."
The Rostro-Caudal Axis of Frontal Cortex Is Sensitive to the Domain of Stimulus Information.
Evidence for Cerebellar Contributions to Adaptive Plasticity in Speech Perception.
Prefrontal transcranial direct current stimulation alters activation and connectivity in cortical and subcortical reward systems: A tDCS-fMRI study.
Reward-related activity in ventral striatum is action contingent and modulated by behavioral relevance.
Regional homogeneity of intrinsic brain activity in happy and unhappy individuals.
Connectivity features for identifying cognitive impairment in presymptomatic carotid stenosis.
Extrapunitive and intropunitive individuals activate different parts of the prefrontal cortex under an ego-blocking frustration.
Ventral striatum gray matter density reduction in patients with schizophrenia and psychotic emotional dysregulation.
The neural basis of dishonest decisions that serve to harm or help the target.
Individual differences in crossmodal brain activity predict arcuate fasciculus connectivity in developing readers.
Social cognition and neural substrates of face perception: implications for neurodevelopmental and neuropsychiatric disorders.
Effect of electroconvulsive therapy on gray matter volume in major depressive disorder.
Parietal abnormalities are related to avoidance in social anxiety disorder: a study using voxel-based morphometry and manual volumetry.
A combined effect of two Alzheimer's risk genes on medial temporal activity during executive attention in young adults.
Uncertainty and confidence from the triple-network perspective: voxel-based meta-analyses.
Gray matter changes in right superior temporal gyrus in criminal psychopaths. Evidence from voxel-based morphometry.
You'd better think twice: post-decision perceptual confidence.
Gender differences in neural-behavioral response to self-observation during a novel fMRI social stress task.
Cross-linguistic sound symbolism and crossmodal correspondence: Evidence from fMRI and DTI.
A systematic review of diffusion tensor imaging studies in affective disorders.
fMRI evidence for the interaction between orthography and phonology in reading Chinese compound words.
Functional interplay between stimulus-oriented and stimulus-independent attending during a prospective memory task.
Self-reflection and the brain: a theoretical review and meta-analysis of neuroimaging studies with implications for schizophrenia.
Temporal frequency tuning of cortical face-sensitive areas for individual face perception.
Additive genetic effect of APOE and BDNF on hippocampus activity.
The similarity structure of distributed neural responses reveals the multiple representations of letters.
Neuroanatomic pathway associated with attentional deficits after stroke.
Pain-related autonomic response is modulated by the medial prefrontal cortex: An ECG-fMRI study in men.
Dorsomedial prefrontal cortex activity predicts the accuracy in estimating others' preferences.
Situating emotional experience.
Attention shifts the language network reflecting paradigm presentation.
Perception of social cues of danger in autism spectrum disorders.
Brain's reward circuits mediate itch relief. a functional MRI study of active scratching.
The effect of feedback on performance and brain activation during perceptual learning.
Attenuated prefrontal activation during decision-making under uncertainty in schizophrenia: a multi-center fMRI study.
Effects of cortical activations on enhancement of handgrip force during teeth clenching: an fMRI study.
Preservation and compensation: the functional neuroanatomy of insight and working memory in schizophrenia.
"Functional effects of chronic paroxetine versus placebo on the fear, stress and anxiety brain circuit in Social Anxiety Disorder: initial validation of an imaging protocol for drug discovery."
Key issues in decomposing fMRI during naturalistic and continuous music experience with independent component analysis.
Behavioral and fMRI evidence that cognitive ability modulates the effect of semantic context on speech intelligibility.
Dissociable roles of default-mode regions during episodic encoding.
Divergent task-dependent functional connectivity of executive control and salience networks.
Anhedonia and Reward-Circuit Connectivity Distinguish Nonresponders from Responders to Dorsomedial Prefrontal Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation in Major Depression.
Oxytocin enhances brain function in children with autism.
Widespread changes of white matter microstructure in obsessive-compulsive disorder: effect of drug status.
The cingulo-opercular network provides word-recognition benefit.
Weighing the stigma of weight: An fMRI study of neural reactivity to the pain of  obese individuals.
Association of creative achievement with cognitive flexibility by a combined voxel-based morphometry and resting-state functional connectivity study.
Grammar learning in older adults is linked to white matter microstructure and functional connectivity.
Where agreement merges with disagreement: fMRI evidence of subject-verb integration.
Predictive models of resting state networks for assessment of altered functional  connectivity in mild cognitive impairment.
Dissociating task difficulty from incongruence in face-voice emotion integration.
Brain structure is changed in congenital anosmia.
Differential effects of the ApoE4 genotype on brain structure and function.
Resting state neural networks for visual Chinese word processing in Chinese adults and children.
Abnormal resting-state functional connectivity of the left caudate nucleus in obsessive-compulsive disorder.
"Global resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging analysis identifies frontal cortex, striatal, and cerebellar dysconnectivity in obsessive-compulsive  disorder."
Altered frontocingulate activation during aversive interoceptive processing in young adults transitioning to problem stimulant use.
Resting-state synchrony between anterior cingulate cortex and precuneus relates to body shape concern in anorexia nervosa and bulimia nervosa.
The neurosteroids allopregnanolone and dehydroepiandrosterone modulate resting-state amygdala connectivity.
Neural dynamics of reward probability coding: a Magnetoencephalographic study in  humans.
The dark side of self-focus: brain activity during self-focus in low and high brooders.
Anti-inflammatory drugs reduce age-related decreases in brain volume in cognitively normal older adults.
Working memory in middle-aged males: age-related brain activation changes and cognitive fatigue effects.
Neural correlates of emotional personality: a structural and functional magnetic  resonance imaging study.
Effect of replacing sugar with non-caloric sweeteners in beverages on the reward  value after repeated exposure.
Effects of Stimulants on Brain Function in Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Spontaneous neural activity in the right superior temporal gyrus and left middle temporal gyrus is associated with insight level in obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Distinct associations of insula and cingulate volume with the cognitive and affective dimensions of alexithymia.
The Neural Correlates of Reading Fluency Deficits in Children.
Reorganization of hippocampal functional connectivity with transition to chronic  back pain.
Gray matter atrophy associated with mild cognitive impairment in Parkinson's disease.
Sustained spatial attention to vibrotactile stimulation in the flutter range: relevant brain regions and their interaction.
Long-term supratentorial brain structure and cognitive function following cerebellar tumour resections in childhood.
Increased functional connectivity between prefrontal cortex and reward system in  pathological gambling.
Increased neural reactivity to socio-emotional stimuli links social exclusion and aggression.
Road work on memory lane-Functional and structural alterations to the learning and memory circuit in adults born very preterm.
"Me, myself and I: temporal dysfunctions during self-evaluation in patients with schizophrenia."
Relation between structural and functional connectivity in major depressive disorder.
Somatotopic reorganization of hand representation in bilateral arm amputees with  or without special foot movement skill.
A novel V1a receptor antagonist blocks vasopressin-induced changes in the CNS response to emotional stimuli: an fMRI study.
Comprehending expository texts: the dynamic neurobiological correlates of building a coherent text representation.
Dissociable influences of skewness and valence on economic choice and neural activity.
Racial bias in neural empathic responses to pain.
Spontaneous brain activity in adult patients with moyamoya disease: a resting-state fMRI study.
Behavioral and genetic correlates of the neural response to infant crying among human fathers.
Training-induced changes in inhibitory control network activity.
Neuroanatomy of vulnerability to psychosis: a voxel-based meta-analysis.
"Trauma, dream, and psychic change in psychoanalyses: a dialog between psychoanalysis and the neurosciences."
An fMRI investigation of delay discounting in patients with schizophrenia.
Effect of language task demands on the neural response during lexical access: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Creating metaphors: the neural basis of figurative language production.
False belief and counterfactual reasoning in a social environment.
Decision-making deficit of a patient with axonal damage after traumatic brain injury.
Domain-general inhibition areas of the brain are involved in language switching:  FMRI evidence from trilingual speakers.
Sex differences in the neural processing of aversive interoceptive events: the benefit of relief.
Neuronal Correlates of Risk-Seeking Attitudes to Anticipated Losses in Binge Drinkers.
Age-related changes in the functional network underlying specific and general autobiographical memory retrieval: a pivotal role for the anterior cingulate cortex.
Dynamics of the anatomical changes that occur in the brains of schoolchildren as  they learn to read.
The neural bases of distracter-resistant working memory.
Neuro-anatomical differences among epileptic and non-epileptic déjà-vu.
Structural brain differences in school-age children with residual speech sound errors.
Effects of multitasking-training on gray matter structure and resting state neural mechanisms.
What role does the anterior temporal lobe play in sentence-level processing? Neural correlates of syntactic processing in semantic variant primary progressive aphasia.
A DCM for resting state fMRI.
Age related changes in striatal resting state functional connectivity in autism.
Activation of writing-specific brain regions when reading Chinese as a second language. Effects of training modality and transfer to novel characters.
Using action observation to study superior motor performance: a pilot fMRI study.
Individual differences in brain structure and resting brain function underlie cognitive styles: evidence from the Embedded Figures Test.
Negative emotion regulation in patients with posttraumatic stress disorder.
Disconnection mechanism and regional cortical atrophy contribute to impaired processing of facial expressions and theory of mind in multiple sclerosis: a structural MRI study.
Alterations in white matter microstructure as vulnerability factors and acquired  signs of traffic accident-induced PTSD.
Voxel-based analyses of gray/white matter volume and diffusion tensor data in major depression.
Investigation of decision-making under uncertainty in healthy subjects: a multi-centric fMRI study.
Apnea-induced cortical BOLD-fMRI and peripheral sympathoneural firing response patterns of awake healthy humans.
Morphologic and functional connectivity alterations of corticostriatal and default mode network in treatment-naive patients with obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Nicotine increases cerebellar activity during finger tapping.
Effects of MIR137 on fronto-amygdala functional connectivity.
Neural activity in relation to empirically derived personality syndromes in depression using a psychodynamic fMRI paradigm.
Prediction processes during multiple object tracking (MOT): involvement of dorsal and ventral premotor cortices.
Thalamo-striato-cortical determinants to fatigue in multiple sclerosis.
Compensatory Frontoparietal Activity During Working Memory: An Endophenotype of Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder.
Neural signatures of phonological deficits in Chinese developmental dyslexia.
Gender differences in brain activity evoked by muscle and cutaneous pain: a retrospective study of single-trial fMRI data.
Gender differences in neural mechanisms underlying moral sensitivity.
Failure of stop and go in de novo Parkinson's disease-a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Developmental changes in the neural correlates of semantic processing.
Cerebral pathways in processing of affective prosody: a dynamic causal modeling study.
Transdiagnostic commonalities and differences in resting state functional connectivity of the default mode network in schizophrenia and major depression.
Dissociable roles of the bilateral anterior temporal lobe in face-name associations: an event-related fMRI study.
Neural bases of categorization of simple speech and nonspeech sounds.
Individual differences in extraversion and dopamine genetics predict neural reward responses.
Cortical representation of experimental tooth pain in humans.
Spatial maps in frontal and prefrontal cortex.
The neural basis of temporal auditory discrimination.
Left mediotemporal structures mediate the retrieval of episodic autobiographical  mental images.
Whole brain resting-state analysis reveals decreased functional connectivity in major depression.
Specific activation of the V5 brain area by auditory motion processing: an fMRI study.
Hippocampal and neocortical activation during repetitive encoding in older persons.
Functional MRI of conventional and anomalous metaphors in Mandarin Chinese.
Brain activation during the course of sentence comprehension.
Cortical activation in the processing of passive sentences in L1 and L2: an fMRI  study.
"Structural deficits in the emotion circuit and cerebellum are associated with depression, anxiety and cognitive dysfunction in methadone maintenance patients: a voxel-based morphometric study."
Brain correlates of negative and positive visuospatial priming in adults.
Cortical correlates of face and scene inversion: a comparison.
Individual differences in brain activity during visuo-spatial processing assessed by slow cortical potentials and LORETA.
Understanding metamemory: neural correlates of the cognitive process and subjective level of confidence in recognition memory.
Reductions in brain 5-HT1B receptor availability in primarily cocaine-dependent humans.
Blunted activation in orbitofrontal cortex during mania: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Event related fMRI studies of voluntary and inhibited eye blinking using a time marker of EOG.
Dissociable networks for the expectancy and perception of emotional stimuli in the human brain.
Selective and interactive neural correlates of visual dimension changes and response changes.
Effects of healthy aging on hippocampal and rhinal memory functions: an event-related fMRI study.
Compensatory recruitment after sleep deprivation and the relationship with performance.
Activation of brain regions vulnerable to Alzheimer's disease: the effect of mild cognitive impairment.
Neural mechanism for judging the appropriateness of facial affect.
Interleaved silent steady state (ISSS) imaging: a new sparse imaging method applied to auditory fMRI.
Parallel networks operating across attentional deployment and motion processing:  a multi-seed partial least squares fMRI study.
The development of sustained and transient neural activity.
fMRI responses to pictures of mutilation and contamination.
Impact of language proficiency and orthographic transparency on bilingual word reading: an fMRI investigation.
The gray matter alterations in major depressive disorder and panic disorder: Putative differences in the pathogenesis.
Action selectivity in parietal and temporal cortex.
Attentional shifts towards an expected visual target alter the level of alpha-band oscillatory activity in the human calcarine cortex.
Neuronal chronometry of target detection: fusion of hemodynamic and event-related potential data.
Dissociation between melodic and rhythmic processing during piano performance from musical scores.
Contingency awareness in human aversive conditioning involves the middle frontal  gyrus.
Neural substrates for verbal working memory in deaf signers: fMRI study and lesion case report.
Orbitofrontal cortex activity related to emotional processing changes across the  menstrual cycle.
Neural correlates of regulating negative emotions related to moral violations.
Association of neural and physiological responses during voluntary emotion suppression.
Neural representations of two-digit numbers: a parametric fMRI study.
Gray matter volume abnormalities in individuals with cognitive vulnerability to depression: a voxel-based morphometry study.
Differential components of sentence comprehension: beyond single word reading and memory.
Tracking the subprocesses of decision-based action in the human frontal lobes.
The structure of the geriatric depressed brain and response to electroconvulsive  therapy.
Amygdala activation when one is the target of deceit: did he lie to you or to someone else?
Evidence for developmental changes in the visual word processing network beyond adolescence.
Arithmetic ability and parietal alterations: a diffusion tensor imaging study in  velocardiofacial syndrome.
fMRI resting state networks define distinct modes of long-distance interactions in the human brain.
Cortical inefficiency in patients with unipolar depression: an event-related FMRI study with the Stroop task.
Amygdala hyperactivation and prefrontal hypoactivation in subjects with cognitive vulnerability to depression.
Anterior cingulate activity modulates nonlinear decision weight function of uncertain prospects.
A novel approach of groupwise fMRI-guided tractography allowing to characterize the clinical evolution of Alzheimer's disease.
Hemodynamic and electrophysiological relationship involved in human face processing: evidence from a combined fMRI-ERP study.
Paracingulate sulcus morphology and fMRI activation detection in schizophrenia patients.
The role of the amygdala and rostral anterior cingulate in encoding expected outcomes during learning.
The neural networks underlying endogenous auditory covert orienting and reorienting.
Threat-related amygdala functional connectivity is associated with 5-HTTLPR genotype and neuroticism.
Novel fearful faces activate the amygdala in healthy young and elderly adults.
Common deactivation patterns during working memory and visual attention tasks: an intra-subject fMRI study at 4 Tesla.
"Brain structure and function related to cognitive reserve variables in normal aging, mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer's disease."
Cardiorespiratory fitness is associated with atrophy in Alzheimer's and aging over 2 years.
A Common Neural Network for Cognitive Reserve In Verbal and Object Working Memory In Young But Not Old
Distributed BOLD-response in association cortex vector state space predicts reaction time during selective attention.
Neural circuits involved in imitation and perspective-taking.
Increased water diffusivity in the frontal and temporal cortices of schizophrenic patients.
Thirsty heroin addicts show different fMRI activations when exposed to water-related and drug-related cues.
Prototype-distortion category learning: a two-phase learning process across a distributed network.
Connectivity among semantic associates: an fMRI study of semantic priming.
Category-specific effects in semantic memory: category-task interactions suggested by fMRI.
How specifically do we learn? Imaging the learning of multiplication and subtraction.
"Meta-analyzing left hemisphere language areas: phonology, semantics, and sentence processing."
Distraction-spanning sustained activity during delayed recognition of locations.
Neural substrates of cross-modal olfactory recognition memory: an fMRI study.
Using fMRI to decompose the neural processes underlying the Wisconsin Card Sorting Test.
Early neural activation during facial affect processing in adolescents with Autism Spectrum Disorder☆
Neural correlates of social and nonsocial emotions: An fMRI study.
Genetic and neural correlates of romantic relationship satisfaction.
The neural basis of implicit moral attitude--an IAT study using event-related fMRI.
Motor system activation after subcortical stroke depends on corticospinal system  integrity.
Self-initiated movements in chronic prefrontal traumatic brain injury: an event-related functional MRI study.
Resting-State Network Disruption and APOE Genotype in Alzheimer's Disease: A lagged Functional Connectivity Study
Shared networks for auditory and motor processing in professional pianists: evidence from fMRI conjunction.
Effect of neurofeedback training on the neural substrates of selective attention  in children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder: a functional magnetic  resonance imaging study.
The brains of high functioning autistic individuals do not synchronize with those of others☆
General and specific contributions of the medial prefrontal cortex to knowledge about mental states.
Task difficulty in a simultaneous face matching task modulates activity in face fusiform area.
Self-appraisal decisions evoke dissociated dorsal-ventral aMPFC networks.
Emotional and autonomic consequences of spinal cord injury explored using functional brain imaging.
The role of 'shared representations' in social perception and empathy: an fMRI study.
Two cortical systems for reaching in central and peripheral vision.
Neural underpinning of postural responses to visual field motion.
Mapping the parietal cortex of human and non-human primates.
Application of calibrated fMRI in Alzheimer's disease.
"Controlling for individual differences in fMRI brain activation to tones, syllables, and words."
Increased medial temporal lobe activation during the passive viewing of emotional and neutral facial expressions in schizophrenia.
Semantic relevance explains category effects in medial fusiform gyri.
fMRI evidence for individual differences in premotor modulation of extrastriatal  visual-perceptual processing of redundant targets.
The specificity of cortical region KO to depth structure.
Evidence for the importance of basal ganglia output nuclei in semantic event sequencing: an fMRI study.
Evidence for a direct association between cortical atrophy and cognitive impairment in relapsing-remitting MS.
Neural correlates of individual differences in pain-related fear and anxiety.
Mechanisms of placebo analgesia: rACC recruitment of a subcortical antinociceptive network.
A PET activation study of brush-evoked allodynia in patients with nerve injury pain.
Greater cortical thinning in normal older adults predicts later cognitive impairment.
Beyond threat: amygdala reactivity across multiple expressions of facial affect.
Short- and long-term changes in anterior cingulate activation during resolution of task-set competition.
Atrophy and decreased activation of fronto-parietal attention areas contribute to higher visual dysfunction in posterior cortical atrophy.
Age-related functional recruitment for famous name recognition: an event-related  fMRI study.
An fMRI study of Chinese character reading and picture naming by native Korean speakers.
Trauma modulates amygdala and medial prefrontal responses to consciously attended fear.
Grey matter volume reductions in the emotion network of patients with depression  and coronary artery disease.
Low-dose estradiol alters brain activity.
Premonitory urges are associated with decreased grey matter thickness within the insula and sensorimotor cortex in young people with Tourette syndrome
The functional neuroanatomy of coordinated orofacial movements: sparse sampling fMRI of whistling.
Diffusion tensor imaging in chronic head injury survivors: correlations with learning and memory indices.
Anterior cingulate activation and error processing during interferon-alpha treatment.
Functional neuroanatomy of body shape perception in healthy and eating-disordered women.
Implementation of visuospatial cues in response selection.
Brain correlates of aesthetic judgment of beauty.
Attachment-style differences in the ability to suppress negative thoughts: exploring the neural correlates.
Cerebral metabolic dysfunction and impaired vigilance in recently abstinent methamphetamine abusers.
A special role for numbers in working memory? An fMRI study.
Elevated amygdala activity to negative faces in young adults with early onset major depressive disorder.
Differential prefrontal-temporal neural correlates of semantic processing in children.
Elevated serotonin transporter binding in major depressive disorder assessed using positron emission tomography and [11C]DASB; comparison with bipolar disorder.
Comparison of fMRI motion correction software tools.
Left temporo-limbic and orbital dysfunction in schizophrenia during odor familiarity and hedonicity judgments.
Escitalopram enhances synchrony of brain responses during emotional narratives in patients with major depressive disorder
Frontal and limbic activation during inhibitory control predicts treatment response in major depressive disorder.
Task-dependent posterior cingulate activation in mild cognitive impairment.
Cognitive modules utilized for narrative comprehension in children: a functional  magnetic resonance imaging study.
Selective response to letter categorization within the left fusiform gyrus.
Neural correlates of dual-task performance after minimizing task-preparation.
When visual perception causes feeling: enhanced cross-modal processing in grapheme-color synesthesia.
Differential role of the orbital frontal lobe in emotional versus cognitive perspective-taking.
Differential coding of hyperalgesia in the human brain: a functional MRI study.
Children with mathematical learning disability fail in recruiting verbal and numerical brain regions when solving simple multiplication problems.
Intact hemispheric specialization for spatial and shape working memory in schizophrenia.
Neural responses to acute cocaine administration in the human brain detected by fMRI.
"Attributions on the brain: neuro-imaging dispositional inferences, beyond theory  of mind."
"Hemispheric asymmetry emerges at distinct parts of the occipitotemporal cortex for objects, logograms and phonograms: a functional MRI study."
Increased Orbitofrontal Brain Activation after Administration of a Selective Adenosine A2A Antagonist in Cocaine Dependent Subjects
Neural mechanisms of social influence in adolescence.
Neural networks of information processing in posttraumatic stress disorder: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Brain activity in cigarette smokers performing a working memory task: effect of smoking abstinence.
Erotic and disgust-inducing pictures--differences in the hemodynamic responses of the brain.
Processing of auditory spatial cues in human cortex: an fMRI study.
Neural modeling and imaging of the cortical interactions underlying syllable production.
Changes in regional cerebral blood flow by therapeutic vagus nerve stimulation in depression: an exploratory approach.
Transient BOLD responses at block transitions.
"Brain activation of spider phobics towards disorder-relevant, generally disgust-  and fear-inducing pictures."
Contributions of the hippocampus and the striatum to simple association and frequency-based learning.
The reliability of fMRI activations in the medial temporal lobes in a verbal episodic memory task.
Long-lasting enhancements of memory and hippocampal-cortical functional connectivity following multiple-day targeted noninvasive stimulation.
Functional imaging evidence of the relationship between recurrent psychotic episodes and neurodegenerative course in schizophrenia.
"Prefrontal cortex activity in self-initiated movements is condition-specific, but not movement-related."
fMR-adaptation reveals a distributed representation of inanimate objects and places in human visual cortex.
Dissociation between ventral and dorsal fMRI activation during object and action  recognition.
Hippocampal activation during processing of previously seen visual stimulus pairs.
Grey matter deficits and symptom profile in first episode schizophrenia.
When meaningless symbols become letters: neural activity change in learning new phonograms.
Hundreds of brain maps in one atlas: registering coordinate-independent primate neuro-anatomical data to a standard brain.
Emotion and attention interactions in social cognition: brain regions involved in processing anger prosody.
Neural dynamics of error processing in medial frontal cortex.
Change detection in children with autism: an auditory event-related fMRI study.
Development of attentional networks: an fMRI study with children and adults.
Parametric modulation of cortical activation during smooth pursuit with and without target blanking. an fMRI study.
Neural correlates of superior intelligence: stronger recruitment of posterior parietal cortex.
Neural basis for generalized quantifier comprehension.
Anterior prefrontal cortex and the recollection of contextual information.
Premotor activations in response to visually presented single letters depend on the hand used to write: a study on left-handers.
Neuroanatomical correlates of impaired recognition of emotion in dementia.
Cross-modal processing in auditory and visual working memory.
High binaural coherence determines successful sound localization and increased activity in posterior auditory areas.
Metaphorical vs. literal word meanings: fMRI evidence against a selective role of the right hemisphere.
Modulation of language areas with functional MR image-guided magnetic stimulation.
"Spatiotemporal dynamics of human object recognition processing: an integrated high-density electrical mapping and functional imaging study of ""closure"" processes."
Decrease and increase in brain activity during visual perceptual priming: an fMRI study on similar but perceptually different complex visual scenes.
Temporal and frontal systems in speech comprehension: an fMRI study of past tense processing.
Neural correlates of temporal-order judgments versus those of spatial-location: deactivation of hippocampus may facilitate spatial performance.
Resting-state brain activity in major depressive disorder patients and their siblings.
Dissociation in the neural basis underlying Chinese tone and vowel production.
Being with virtual others: Neural correlates of social interaction.
"Neural correlates of adjunctive rivastigmine treatment to antipsychotics in schizophrenia: a randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind fMRI study."
Functional neuroanatomy of aversion and its anticipation.
Functional dysconnectivity in schizophrenia associated with attentional modulation of motor function.
The temporal characteristics of motion processing in hMT/V5+: combining fMRI and  neuronavigated TMS.
Prosodic clues to syntactic processing--a PET and ERP study.
Neuroanatomical correlates of behavioural disorders in dementia.
Abnormal object recall and anterior cingulate overactivation correlate with formal thought disorder in schizophrenia.
Regional white matter change in pre-symptomatic Huntington's disease: a diffusion tensor imaging study.
Monoamine oxidase-a genetic variations influence brain activity associated with inhibitory control: new insight into the neural correlates of impulsivity.
The hemodynamics of oddball processing during single-tone and two-tone target detection tasks.
Abnormal brain activation during movement observation in patients with conversion paralysis.
Quantifiable change in functional brain response to empathic and forgivability judgments with resolution of posttraumatic stress disorder.
The role of the dorsal stream for gesture production.
Neural indicators of emotion regulation via acceptance vs reappraisal in remitted major depressive disorder.
Neural correlates of self-evaluative accuracy after traumatic brain injury.
Evaluation of a novel event-related parametric fMRI paradigm investigating prefrontal function.
Affective ambiguity for a group recruits ventromedial prefrontal cortex.
Phonological processing in Chinese-English bilingual biscriptals: an fMRI study.
Systems level modeling of a neuronal network subserving intrinsic alertness.
The neural basis of financial risk taking.
Neuro-functional differences associated with arithmetic processing in Turner syndrome.
How reading differs from object naming at the neuronal level.
Dysfunction of ventral striatal reward prediction in schizophrenia.
Alexithymia and reduced white matter integrity in schizophrenia: a diffusion tensor imaging study on impaired emotional self-awareness.
Identify changes of brain regional homogeneity in bipolar disorder and unipolar depression using resting-state FMRI.
Atypical motor and sensory cortex activation in attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study of simple sequential finger tapping.
Neural mechanisms of automatic and direct processing of phobogenic stimuli in specific phobia.
Influence of X chromosome and hormones on human brain development: a magnetic resonance imaging and proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy study of Turner syndrome.
Empathy examined through the neural mechanisms involved in imagining how I feel versus how you feel pain.
Functional imaging of stress urinary incontinence.
Neural mechanisms of imitation and 'mirror neuron' functioning in autistic spectrum disorder.
Modulatory effects of the piccolo genotype on emotional memory in health and depression.
Negative mood-induction modulates default mode network resting-state functional connectivity in chronic depression.
Reading embossed capital letters: an fMRI study in blind and sighted individuals.
Individual differences in response of dorsomedial prefrontal cortex predict daily social behavior.
Brain activity during emotionally negative pictures in schizophrenia with and without flat affect: an fMRI study.
Neutral faces activate the amygdala during identity matching.
Mathematically gifted male adolescents activate a unique brain network during mental rotation.
Neural activity to intense positive versus negative stimuli can help differentiate bipolar disorder from unipolar major depressive disorder in depressed adolescents: a pilot fMRI study.
Neural correlates of depressive realism--an fMRI study on causal attribution in depression.
Neural correlates of trauma script-imagery in posttraumatic stress disorder with  and without comorbid major depression: a functional MRI investigation.
Dissociating response selection and conflict in the medial frontal surface.
Task dependent lexicality effects support interactive models of reading: a meta-analytic neuroimaging review.
A developmental fMRI study of self-regulatory control.
"Interindividual uniformity and variety of the ""Writing center"": a functional MRI  study."
Long-term measures of free testosterone predict regional cerebral blood flow patterns in elderly men.
Dissociable medial prefrontal contributions to judgments of similar and dissimilar others.
Category-specific organization of prefrontal response-facilitation during priming.
The left intraparietal sulcus and verbal short-term memory: focus of attention or serial order?
Non-invasive mapping of corticofugal fibres from multiple motor areas--relevance  to stroke recovery.
Activation in ventral prefrontal cortex is sensitive to genetic vulnerability for attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder.
Gender differences in regional cerebral activity during the perception of emotion: a functional MRI study.
Visual attention deficits in Alzheimer's disease: an fMRI study.
Voice processing in dementia: a neuropsychological and neuroanatomical analysis.
Neuroanatomically separable effects of imageability and grammatical class during  single-word comprehension.
Left posterior auditory-related cortices participate both in speech perception and speech production: Neural overlap revealed by fMRI.
"Volumetric correlates of memory and executive function in normal elderly, mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer's disease"
Neural correlates of morphological decomposition in a morphologically rich language: an fMRI study.
Hippocampal-prefrontal encoding activation predicts whether words can be successfully recalled or only recognized.
BOLD correlates of EMG spectral density in cortical myoclonus: description of method and case report.
Timing of covert articulation: an fMRI study.
Impaired acquisition rates of probabilistic associative learning in frontotemporal dementia is associated with fronto-striatal atrophy☆
Differential cerebral activation during observation of expressive gestures and motor acts.
Dissociating response conflict from numerical magnitude processing in the brain:  an event-related fMRI study.
A core system for the implementation of task sets.
Network analysis of single-subject fMRI during a finger opposition task.
Atypical lexicosemantic function of extrastriate cortex in autism spectrum disorder: evidence from functional and effective connectivity.
Navigation ability dependent neural activation in the human brain: an fMRI study.
The influence of Alzheimer disease family history and apolipoprotein E epsilon4 on mesial temporal lobe activation.
fMRI correlates of cortical specialization and generalization for letter processing.
Frontopolar cortex mediates abstract integration in analogy.
Cultural and linguistic influence on neural bases of 'Theory of Mind': an fMRI study with Japanese bilinguals.
Neural correlates of processing valence and arousal in affective words.
The neural basis of visuospatial perception in Alzheimer's disease and healthy elderly comparison subjects: an fMRI study.
Using perfusion fMRI to measure continuous changes in neural activity with learning.
White matter alterations at 33-year follow-up in adults with childhood attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.
Eye closure in darkness animates olfactory and gustatory cortical areas.
Clustered functional MRI of overt speech production.
Altered brain activation in dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in adolescents and young adults at genetic risk for schizophrenia: an fMRI study of working memory.
Hemispheric asymmetries in language-related pathways: a combined functional MRI and tractography study.
Perspective taking to assess self-personality: what's modified in Alzheimer's disease?
Preservation of episodic memory in semantic dementia: The importance of regions beyond the medial temporal lobes.
Regional cerebral blood flow differences in patients with mild cognitive impairment between those who did and did not develop Alzheimer's disease.
Neural networks of response shifting: influence of task speed and stimulus material.
Effects of estrogen variation on neural correlates of emotional response inhibition.
The neural correlates of cross-modal interaction in speech perception during a semantic decision task on sentences: a PET study.
Resting state fMRI in Alzheimer's disease: beyond the default mode network.
Resting state functional connectivity differences between behavioral variant frontotemporal dementia and Alzheimer's disease.
Selectively and progressively disrupted structural connectivity of functional brain networks in Alzheimer's disease - revealed by a novel framework to analyze edge distributions of networks detecting disruptions with strong statistical evidence.
"Reduced thalamic and cerebellar rest metabolism in relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis, a positron emission tomography study: correlations to lesion load."
The impact of affect and frequency on lexical decision: the role of the amygdala  and inferior frontal cortex.
Structural MRI changes detectable up to ten years before clinical Alzheimer's disease.
"Disorder-specific functional abnormalities during temporal discounting in youth with Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD), Autism and comorbid ADHD and Autism."
Time-resolved fMRI of mental rotation revisited--dissociating visual perception from mental rotation in female subjects.
Individual differences in the functional neuroanatomy of inhibitory control.
Reading cinnamon activates olfactory brain regions.
Dissociation of neural responses and skin conductance reactions during fear conditioning with and without awareness of stimulus contingencies.
The Effect of Gray Matter ICA and Coefficient of Variation Mapping of BOLD Data on the Detection of Functional Connectivity Changes in Alzheimer's Disease and bvFTD.
Progressive grey matter atrophy over the first 2-3 years of illness in first-episode schizophrenia: a tensor-based morphometry study.
Comparison of two Simon tasks: neuronal correlates of conflict resolution based on coherent motion perception.
The effect of transient increase in oxygen level on brain activation and verbal performance.
An fMRI study of cerebral processing of brush-evoked allodynia in neuropathic pain patients.
The neural basis of social tactics: An fMRI study.
Effects of aging on recognition of intentionally and incidentally stored words: an fMRI study.
Neuroanatomical dissociation between bottom-up and top-down processes of visuospatial selective attention.
Neural correlates of artificial syntactic structure classification.
"Functional dominance of finger flexion over extension, expressed in left parietal activation."
"Mapping of temporal and parietal cortex in progressive nonfluent aphasia and Alzheimer's disease using chemical shift imaging, voxel-based morphometry and positron emission tomography"
Subjective feeling of appetite modulates brain activity: an fMRI study.
Brain systems for assessing facial attractiveness.
Exact and approximate judgements of visual and auditory numerosity: an fMRI study.
Declarative memory impairments in Alzheimer's disease and semantic dementia.
Men and women show distinct brain activations during imagery of sexual and emotional infidelity.
Sentence comprehension in autism: thinking in pictures with decreased functional  connectivity.
Male elderly subthreshold depression patients have smaller volume of medial part of prefrontal cortex and precentral gyrus compared with age-matched normal subjects: A voxel-based morphometry
Processing of autobiographical memory retrieval cues in borderline personality disorder.
Reduced activation to implicit affect induction in euthymic bipolar patients: an  fMRI study.
Influence of the stress hormone cortisol on fear conditioning in humans: evidence for sex differences in the response of the prefrontal cortex.
An event-related fMRI investigation of phonological-lexical competition.
Neural correlates of verbal and nonverbal working memory deficits in individuals  with schizophrenia and their high-risk siblings.
Temporal changes in neural activation during practice of information retrieval from short-term memory: an fMRI study.
Cortical effects of anticipation and endogenous modulation of visceral pain assessed by functional brain MRI in irritable bowel syndrome patients and healthy controls.
Cue validity modulates the neural correlates of covert endogenous orienting of attention in parietal and frontal cortex.
Variability of the BOLD response over time: an examination of within-session differences.
Common modules for processing invalidly cued events in the human cortex.
Thalamocortical circuits: fMRI assessment of the pulvinar and medial dorsal nucleus in normal volunteers.
Predictability modulates the affective and sensory-discriminative neural processing of pain.
"Motor imagery of walking following training in locomotor attention. The effect of ""the tango lesson""."
The effect of word concreteness on recognition memory.
Post-movement beta rebound is generated in motor cortex: evidence from neuromagnetic recordings.
Separating brain regions involved in internally guided and visual feedback control of moving effectors: an event-related fMRI study.
Neural correlates of a mystical experience in Carmelite nuns.
Deficit in schizophrenia to recruit the striatum in implicit learning: a functional magnetic resonance imaging investigation.
Functional magnetic resonance imaging of internal source monitoring in schizophrenia: recognition with and without recollection.
Exploring the visual world: the neural substrate of spatial orienting.
Interactions between auditory and dorsal premotor cortex during synchronization to musical rhythms.
Spontaneous retrieval of affective person knowledge in face perception.
Correlations of interictal FDG-PET metabolism and ictal SPECT perfusion changes in human temporal lobe epilepsy with hippocampal sclerosis.
Medial versus lateral frontal lobe contributions to voluntary saccade control as  revealed by the study of patients with frontal lobe degeneration.
Motor experience with graspable objects reduces their implicit analysis in visual- and motor-related cortex.
Us versus them: Political attitudes and party affiliation influence neural response to faces of presidential candidates.
Dynamic monitoring of brain activation under visual stimulation using fMRI--the advantage of real-time fMRI with sliding window GLM analysis.
Neural correlates of crossmodal visual-tactile extinction and of tactile awareness revealed by fMRI in a right-hemisphere stroke patient.
The impact of semantic reference on word class: an fMRI study of action and object naming.
Individuals with schizophrenia present hypo- and hyperactivation during implicit  cueing in an inhibitory task.
Neural correlates of auditory recognition under full and divided attention in younger and older adults.
Linguistic prominence and Broca's area: the influence of animacy as a linearization principle.
Broca's area and the hierarchical organization of human behavior.
Top-down and bottom-up processes in speech comprehension.
To modulate or not to modulate: differing results in uniquely shaped Williams syndrome brains.
Dynamics of visual recognition revealed by fMRI.
fMRI of fearful facial affect recognition in panic disorder: the cingulate gyrus-amygdala connection.
Involvement of human left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in perceptual decision making is independent of response modality.
The predictive value of white matter organization in posterior parietal cortex for spatial visualization ability.
Discriminating imagined from perceived information engages brain areas implicated in schizophrenia.
Electrical brain imaging reveals spatio-temporal dynamics of timbre perception in humans.
The special involvement of the rostrolateral prefrontal cortex in planning abilities: an event-related fMRI study with the Tower of London paradigm.
Differential activation of the amygdala and the 'social brain' during fearful face-processing in Asperger Syndrome.
Repetition suppression and semantic enhancement: an investigation of the neural correlates of priming.
Do you hear what I hear? Neural correlates of thought disorder during listening to speech in schizophrenia.
Gender differences in the neural correlates of response inhibition during a stop  signal task.
Functional correlates of verbal memory deficits emerging during nicotine withdrawal in abstinent adolescent cannabis users.
Effect of word and syllable frequency on activation during lexical decision and reading aloud.
Differential components of prospective memory? Evidence from fMRI.
Visual motion and the neural correlates of event perception.
An event-related fMRI study of the neural networks underlying repetition suppression and reaction time priming in implicit visual memory.
Age-related differences in response regulation as revealed by functional MRI.
The dynamics of hippocampal activation during encoding of overlapping sequences.
The role of the supplementary motor area (SMA) in word production.
Grey and white matter correlates of recent and remote autobiographical memory retrieval--insights from the dementias.
fMRI correlates of retrieval orientation.
Prediction error as a linear function of reward probability is coded in human nucleus accumbens.
Neural systems for orienting attention to the location of threat signals: an event-related fMRI study.
A reversal of the normal pattern of parahippocampal response to neutral and fearful faces is associated with reality distortion in schizophrenia.
Touch activates human auditory cortex.
Facial expressions and complex IAPS pictures: common and differential networks.
Higher blood pressure predicts lower regional grey matter volume: Consequences on short-term information processing.
Activation of insular cortex and subcortical regions related to feedback stimuli  in a time estimation task: an fMRI study.
Neural mechanisms of advance preparation in task switching.
Affective response to one's own moral violations.
Implicit emotion during recollection of past events: a nonverbal fMRI study.
Neural activation during successful and unsuccessful verbal learning in schizophrenia.
Increased fMRI responses during encoding in mild cognitive impairment.
Developmental changes in the inferior frontal cortex for selecting semantic representations
A preliminary longitudinal fMRI study of frontal-subcortical circuits in bipolar disorder using a paced motor activation paradigm
Task-induced deactivations during successful paired associates learning: an effect of age but not Alzheimer's disease.
Lewy body compared with Alzheimer dementia is associated with decreased functional connectivity in resting state networks.
Locating the initial stages of speech-sound processing in human temporal cortex.
Neural signatures of economic preferences for risk and ambiguity.
ZNF804A Genotype Modulates Neural Activity during Working Memory for Faces
Interactions between ego- and allocentric neuronal representations of space.
Changes in hippocampal connectivity in the early stages of Alzheimer's disease: evidence from resting state fMRI.
Acute opioid effects on human brain as revealed by functional magnetic resonance  imaging.
Cortical thickness and voxel-based morphometry in posterior cortical atrophy and typical Alzheimer's disease.
Event-related fMRI of category learning: differences in classification and feedback networks.
Specialization of phonological and semantic processing in Chinese word reading.
Syntax production in bilinguals.
Distinct forebrain activity patterns during deep versus superficial pain.
Functional imaging of working memory following normal sleep and after 24 and 35 h of sleep deprivation: Correlations of fronto-parietal activation with performance.
Diffusion tensor imaging in Alzheimer's disease and dementia with Lewy bodies.
Continuous ASL perfusion fMRI investigation of higher cognition: quantification of tonic CBF changes during sustained attention and working memory tasks.
Verbal paired-associate learning by APOE genotype in non-demented older adults: fMRI evidence of a right hemispheric compensatory response.
Intuitive interference in quantitative reasoning.
Auditory motion perception activates visual motion areas in early blind subjects.
The emotional power of music: how music enhances the feeling of affective pictures.
Antidepressant drug treatment modifies the neural processing of nonconscious threat cues.
Differential patterns of multisensory interactions in core and belt areas of human auditory cortex.
Prosodic processing by children: an fMRI study.
Neural correlates of counting of sequential sensory and motor events in the human brain.
The brain differentiates human and non-human grammars: functional localization and structural connectivity.
Information processing in human parieto-frontal circuits during goal-directed bimanual movements.
Cortical reorganization during PASAT task in MS patients with preserved working memory functions.
Structural MRI covariance patterns associated with normal aging and neuropsychological functioning.
A portable and low-cost fMRI compatible pneumatic system for the investigation of the somatosensensory system in clinical and research environments.
The neural basis of motor sequencing: an fMRI study of healthy subjects.
Prefrontal activity during taste encoding: an fNIRS study.
Altered resting-state functional connectivity patterns of anterior cingulate cortex in adolescents with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.
The neural implementation of multi-attribute decision making: a parametric fMRI study with human subjects.
Evidence of altered prefrontal-thalamic circuitry in schizophrenia: an optimized  diffusion MRI study.
Acute tryptophan depletion reduces activation in the right hippocampus during encoding in an episodic memory task.
Differential hippocampal and prefrontal-striatal contributions to instance-based  and rule-based learning.
Increased sensitivity in mapping task demand in visuospatial processing using reaction-time-dependent hemodynamic response predictors in rapid event-related fMRI.
Applying FSL to the FIAC data: model-based and model-free analysis of voice and sentence repetition priming.
"Functional magnetic resonance imaging studies of eye movements in first episode schizophrenia: smooth pursuit, visually guided saccades and the oculomotor delayed response task."
Neural activity of inferences during story comprehension.
"Polysyllabic pseudo-word processing in reading and lexical decision: converging evidence from behavioral data, connectionist simulations and functional MRI."
Neural correlates of developmental differences in risk estimation and feedback processing.
Voluntary pelvic floor muscle control--an fMRI study.
White matter microstructural alterations in children with prenatal methamphetamine/polydrug exposure.
Developmental and skill effects on the neural correlates of semantic processing to visually presented words.
Temporal pattern of source activities evoked by different types of motion onset stimuli.
Effect of unpleasant loud noise on hippocampal activities during picture encoding: an fMRI study.
Isolated numerical skills in posterior cortical atrophy--an fMRI study.
Probability effects in the stop-signal paradigm: the insula and the significance  of failed inhibition.
Neural substrates for dividing and focusing attention between simultaneous auditory and visual events.
The neural mechanism associated with the processing of onomatopoeic sounds.
Activity and effective connectivity of parietal and occipital cortical regions during haptic shape perception.
Evidence for a dysfunction of left posterior reading areas in German dyslexic readers.
A visual joke fMRI investigation into Theory of Mind and enhanced risk of schizophrenia.
Effect of task difficulty on the functional anatomy of temporal processing.
Cognitive priming in sung and instrumental music: activation of inferior frontal  cortex.
Finger motion sensors for fMRI motor studies.
Dissociable contributions of the mid-ventrolateral frontal cortex and the medial  temporal lobe system to human memory.
Maturation of luminance- and motion-defined form perception beyond adolescence: a combined ERP and fMRI study.
EEG-fMRI of idiopathic and secondarily generalized epilepsies.
Increased brain activation during verbal learning in obstructive sleep apnea.
Sound alters activity in human V1 in association with illusory visual perception.
Changing channels: an fMRI study of aging and cross-modal attention shifts.
Personality factors correlate with regional cerebral perfusion.
Distributed brain sites for the g-factor of intelligence.
Selective attention to sound location or pitch studied with fMRI.
Prefrontal cortex hemispheric specialization for categorical and coordinate visual spatial memory.
"It don't mean a thing... Keeping the rhythm during polyrhythmic tension, activates language areas (BA47)."
Brain activation patterns during memory of cognitive agency.
Money for nothing — Atrophy correlates of gambling decision making in behavioural variant frontotemporal dementia and Alzheimer's disease☆
Two different reorganization patterns after rehabilitative therapy: an exploratory study with fMRI and TMS.
Hypocapnia related changes in pain-induced brain activation as measured by functional MRI.
Flexible cognitive control: effects of individual differences and brief practice  on a complex cognitive task.
Decrease of thalamic gray matter following limb amputation.
Identifying with fictive characters: structural brain correlates of the personality trait 'fantasy'.
Alcohol-induced suppression of BOLD activity during goal-directed visuomotor performance.
Language lateralization in unmedicated patients during an acute episode of schizophrenia: a functional MRI study.
Language lateralization and the role of the fusiform gyrus in semantic processing in young children.
Phonetic processing areas revealed by sinewave speech and acoustically similar non-speech.
Building a motor simulation de novo: observation of dance by dancers.
Mild cognitive impairment (MCI) and actual retrieval performance affect cerebral  activation in the elderly.
Cerebral activation related to implicit sequence learning in a Double Serial Reaction Time task.
Discrete and analogue quantity processing in the parietal lobe: a functional MRI  study.
Frequency Specific Effects of ApoE ε4 Allele on Resting-State Networks in Nondemented Elders
Olfactory deficit detected by fMRI in early Alzheimer's disease.
From preparation to online control: reappraisal of neural circuitry mediating internally generated and externally guided actions.
Learning functional structure from fMR images.
Human brain mechanisms for the early analysis of voices.
Patterns of fMRI activity dissociate overlapping functional brain areas that respond to biological motion.
Orienting attention based on long-term memory experience.
Listening to a walking human activates the temporal biological motion area.
Decreased regional homogeneity in insula and cerebellum: a resting-state fMRI study in patients with major depression and subjects at high risk for major depression.
Neural mechanisms involved in error processing: a comparison of errors made with  and without awareness.
Immature frontal lobe contributions to cognitive control in children: evidence from fMRI.
Functional neuroimaging study of performances on a Go/No-go task in 6- to 7-year-old preterm children: Impact of intrauterine growth restriction☆☆☆
Neural basis of protracted developmental changes in visuo-spatial working memory.
Adaptive changes in early and late blind: a FMRI study of verb generation to heard nouns.
Alpha-2 adrenergic challenge with guanfacine one month after mild traumatic brain injury: altered working memory and BOLD response.
Functional connectivity in the resting brain: a network analysis of the default mode hypothesis.
Practice and difficulty evoke anatomically and pharmacologically dissociable brain activation dynamics.
Neural mechanisms of empathy in humans: a relay from neural systems for imitation to limbic areas.
Competition and representation during memory retrieval: roles of the prefrontal cortex and the posterior parietal cortex.
Cognitive reserve modulates functional brain responses during memory tasks: a PET study in healthy young and elderly subjects.
Brain networks for analyzing eye gaze.
Putting names to faces: successful encoding of associative memories activates the anterior hippocampal formation.
Functional neuroanatomy of spatial orientation processing in Turner syndrome.
Cortical effects of quetiapine in first-episode schizophrenia: A preliminary functional magnetic resonance imaging study
The neural basis of hyperlexic reading: an FMRI case study.
Subcortical pathways serving cortical language sites: initial experience with diffusion tensor imaging fiber tracking combined with intraoperative language mapping.
Frontostriatal deficits in fragile X syndrome: relation to FMR1 gene expression.
The role of the lateral frontal cortex in causal associative learning: exploring  preventative and super-learning.
The change of the brain activation patterns as children learn algebra equation solving.
Covariance PET patterns in early Alzheimer's disease and subjects with cognitive  impairment but no dementia: utility in group discrimination and correlations with functional performance.
White matter hemisphere asymmetries in healthy subjects and in schizophrenia: a diffusion tensor MRI study.
Ankle dorsiflexion as an fMRI paradigm to assay motor control for walking during  rehabilitation.
Cortical activity to vibrotactile stimulation: an fMRI study in blind and sighted individuals.
Integration of emotion and cognition in the lateral prefrontal cortex.
Adaptive Changes in Early and Late Blind: A fMRI Study of Braille Reading
The rewards of music listening: response and physiological connectivity of the mesolimbic system.
Functional neuroanatomy of biological motion perception in humans.
Human area MT+ shows load-dependent activation during working memory maintenance with continuously morphing stimulation
Dissociated α-band modulations in the dorsal and ventral visual pathways in visuospatial attention and perception.
Gray matter volume alterations in first-episode drug-naïve patients with deficit and nondeficit schizophrenia.
Systemic klotho is associated with KLOTHO variation and predicts intrinsic cortical connectivity in healthy human aging
Lesion mapping of cognitive abilities linked to intelligence.
Category-related activation for written words in the posterior fusiform is task specific
Gender differences in brain areas involved in silent counting by means of fMRI 
Neural signatures of third-party punishment: evidence from penetrating traumatic brain injury.
A role for left inferior frontal and posterior superior temporal cortex in extracting a syntactic tree from a sentence.
An fMRI study of syntactic layers: sentential and lexical aspects of embedding.
Broca's area plays a role in syntactic processing during Chinese reading comprehension.
Neural antecedents of social decision-making in a partner choice task.
fMRI adaptation dissociates syntactic complexity dimensions.
Functional and structural syntax networks in aging.
Large-scale neural network for sentence processing.
"Neural aspects of sentence comprehension: syntactic complexity, reversibility, and reanalysis."
Preserving syntactic processing across the adult life span: the modulation of the frontotemporal language system in the context of age-related atrophy.
Dissociation of grey and white matter reduction in spinocerebellar ataxia type 3 and 6: A voxel-based morphometry study
"Cardio-metabolic risk factors and cortical thickness in a neurologically healthy male population: Results from the psychological, social and biological determinants of ill health (pSoBid) study☆☆☆"
Role of left inferior prefrontal cortex in retrieval of semantic knowledge: A reevaluation
Covariation of activity in visual and prefrontal cortex associated with subjective visual perception.
Replication and further studies of neural mechanisms of spatial mnemonic processing in humans.
Functional asymmetry of human prefrontal cortex in verbal and non-verbal episodic memory as revealed by fMRI.
Prefrontal cortex activation in task switching: an event-related fMRI study.
"Dissociation of response conflict, attentional selection, and expectancy with functional magnetic resonance imaging."
A default mode of brain function.
The OPRM1 A118G polymorphism modulates the descending pain modulatory system for individual pain experience in young women with primary dysmenorrhea
Functional differences among those high and low on a trait measure of psychopathy.
Absence of gender effect on children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder as assessed by optimized voxel-based morphometry
Left insula activation: a marker for language attainment in bilinguals.
Experience-dependent plasticity for attention to threat: Behavioral and neurophysiological evidence in humans.
"Temporal regularity of intrinsic cerebral activity in patients with chronic primary insomnia: a brain entropy study using resting‐state fMRI
"
"Chronic smoking, but not acute nicotine administration, modulates neural correlates of working memory."
Direction and magnitude of nicotine effects on the fMRI BOLD response are related to nicotine effects on behavioral performance.
Nicotine effects on default mode network during resting state.
To act or not to act. Neural correlates of executive control of learned motor behavior.
Practice-induced changes of brain function during visual attention: a parametric  fMRI study at 4 Tesla.
Effect of median-nerve electrical stimulation on BOLD activity in acute ischemic  stroke patients.
Brain potentials related to self-generated and external information used for performance monitoring.
Neural mechanisms of Korean word reading: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
A diffusion tensor MRI study of white matter integrity in subjects at high genetic risk of schizophrenia.
Cerebrocerebellar networks during articulatory rehearsal and verbal working memory tasks.
"Reading, hearing, and the planum temporale."
Load- and practice-dependent increases in cerebro-cerebellar activation in verbal working memory: an fMRI study.
Decreased Functional Connectivity of Homotopic Brain Regions in Chronic Stroke Patients: A Resting State fMRI Study.
The neural correlates and functional integration of cognitive control in a Stroop task.
Cerebral activation using a MR-compatible piezoelectric actuator with adjustable  vibration frequencies and in vivo wave propagation control.
Activity in the human brain predicting differential heart rate responses to emotional facial expressions.
Dysfunctional visual word form processing in progressive alexia.
SUNCT: bilateral hypothalamic activation during headache attacks and resolving of symptoms after trigeminal decompression.
The neuronal correlates of mirror therapy: A functional magnetic resonance imaging study on mirror-induced visual illusions of ankle movements.
Abnormal brain functional connectivity of the hypothalamus in cluster headaches.
Basal forebrain moderates the magnitude of task-dependent amygdala functional connectivity.
Dorsolateral prefrontal cortex involvement in memory post-retrieval monitoring revealed in both item and associative recognition tests.
Graded recall success: an event-related fMRI comparison of tip of the tongue and  feeling of knowing.
Yearning to yawn: the neural basis of contagious yawning.
Anatomical differences and network characteristics underlying smoking cue reactivity.
Nicotine enhances but does not normalize visual sustained attention and the associated brain network in schizophrenia.
Common and distinct neural mechanisms of visual and tactile extinction: A large scale VBM study in sub-acute stroke☆
Errors without conflict: implications for performance monitoring theories of anterior cingulate cortex.
Neural correlates of internally-generated disgust via autobiographical recall: a  functional magnetic resonance imaging investigation.
Real-time neural activity and connectivity in healthy individuals and schizophrenia patients.
Neural signatures of experimentally induced flow experiences identified in a typical fMRI block design with BOLD imaging.
Elevated amygdala responses to emotional faces in youths with chronic irritability or bipolar disorder☆
Visual search and memory search engage extensive overlapping cerebral cortices: an fMRI study.
Individual differences in sensitivity to reward and punishment and neural activity during reward and avoidance learning.
Resting state connectivity of the medial prefrontal cortex covaries with individual differences in high-frequency heart rate variability.
An fMRI study of imitation: action representation and body schema.
Default brain functionality in blind people.
Cognitive modulation of pain-related brain responses depends on behavioral strategy.
Brain structure and symptom dimension relationships in obsessive-compulsive disorder: a voxel-based morphometry study.
Growth and Spectral Assessment of Yb3+-Doped KBaGd(MoO4)3 Crystal: A Candidate for Ultrashort Pulse and Tunable Lasers
Mapping IQ and gray matter density in healthy young people.
Cortical mechanisms of visual self-recognition.
Developmental increases in effective connectivity to brain regions involved in phonological processing during tasks with orthographic demands.
Hippocampal gray matter reduction associates with memory deficits in adolescents  with history of prematurity.
Interference resolution in spatial working memory.
Reliability of fMRI for studies of language in post-stroke aphasia subjects.
Functional magnetic resonance imaging reveals neuroanatomical dissociations during semantic integration in schizophrenia.
Spatial and temporal dissociation in prefrontal cortex during action execution.
Early-life stress is associated with impairment in cognitive control in adolescence: an fMRI study.
Pubertal testosterone influences threat-related amygdala-orbitofrontal cortex coupling.
Ketamine disrupts frontal and hippocampal contribution to encoding and retrieval  of episodic memory: an fMRI study.
Dominance of the left oblique view in activating the cortical network for face recognition.
Disruption of learned irrelevance in acute schizophrenia in a novel continuous within-subject paradigm suitable for fMRI.
Exposure to childhood trauma is associated with altered n-back activation and performance in healthy adults: implications for a commonly used working memory task.
Fairness decisions in response to emotions: a functional MRI study among criminal justice-involved boys with conduct disorder.
White matter microstructure changes induced by motor skill learning utilizing a body machine interface.
Altered language network activity in young people at familial high-risk for schizophrenia.
Individual differences in cognitive performance and brain structure in typically developing children.
Task and Content Modulate Amygdala-Hippocampal Connectivity in Emotional Retrieval
Neural correlates for perception of companion animal photographs.
Functional outcome in people at high risk for psychosis predicted by thalamic glutamate levels and prefronto-striatal activation.
Identification of hyperactive intrinsic amygdala network connectivity associated with impulsivity in abstinent heroin addicts.
The neural correlates of speech motor sequence learning.
"Entorhinal volume, aerobic fitness, and recognition memory in healthy young adults: A voxel-based morphometry study."
The effect of ageing on grey and white matter reductions in schizophrenia.
Widespread brain dysconnectivity associated with psychotic-like experiences in the general population☆
"
CBT reduces CBF: cognitive‐behavioral therapy reduces cerebral blood flow in fear‐relevant brain regions in spider phobia"
Superior temporal sulcus disconnectivity during processing of metaphoric gestures in schizophrenia.
Structural basis of the fronto-thalamic dysconnectivity in schizophrenia: A combined DCM-VBM study☆
Differences in white matter reflect atypical developmental trajectory in autism: A Tract-based Spatial Statistics study☆
Thalamocortical Sensorimotor Circuit Damage Associated with Disorders of Consciousness for Diffuse Axonal Injury Patients.
Recollection-related hippocampal activity during continuous recognition: a high-resolution fMRI study.
Age-related impairment in a complex object discrimination task that engages perirhinal cortex.
Age differences in brain activity related to unsuccessful declarative memory retrieval.
fMRI activation of the fusiform gyrus and amygdala to cartoon characters but not to faces in a boy with autism
Real‐time fMRI neurofeedback in adolescents with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder
Gray matter abnormalities in paranoid schizophrenia and their clinical correlations
A differential pattern of neural response toward sad versus happy facial expressions in major depressive disorder
Interaction of catechol O-methyltransferase and serotonin transporter genes modulates effective connectivity in a facial emotion-processing circuitry
"A schizophrenia risk gene, ZNF804A, is associated with brain white matter microstructure."
Linguistic Grammar Learning and DRD2-TAQ-IA Polymorphism
The brain network reflecting bodily self-consciousness: a functional connectivity study.
Fiber tract-driven topographical mapping (FTTM) reveals microstructural relevance for interhemispheric visuomotor function in the aging brain.
Increased BOLD signal in the fusiform gyrus during implicit emotion processing in anorexia nervosa☆
"Neuroanatomical markers of speaking Chinese†
"
Regional gray matter density is associated with morningness-eveningness: Evidence from voxel-based morphometry.
Ventral medial prefrontal cortex and person evaluation: forming impressions of others varying in financial and moral status.
Multivariate pattern analysis of DTI reveals differential white matter in individuals with obsessive‐compulsive disorder
Two insular regions are differentially involved in behavioral variant FTD and nonfluent/agrammatic variant PPA.
Multimodal analyses identify linked functional and white matter abnormalities within the working memory network in schizophrenia.
Co-ordinated structural and functional covariance in the adolescent brain underlies face processing performance.
Competition between frontoparietal control and default networks supports social working memory and empathy.
Structural brain alterations associated with schizophrenia preceded by conduct disorder: a common and distinct subtype of schizophrenia?
Volume of left amygdala subregion predicted temperamental trait of harm avoidance in female young subjects. A voxel-based morphometry study
Atypical visual processing in posttraumatic stress disorder☆
Altered emotional interference processing in the amygdala and insula in women with Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder☆☆☆
Alterations in brain metabolism and function following administration of low-dose codeine phosphate: 1H-magnetic resonance spectroscopy and resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging studies
Neural correlates of masked and unmasked face emotion processing in youth with severe mood dysregulation.
Is Gray Matter Volume an Intermediate Phenotype for Schizophrenia? A Voxel-Based Morphometry Study of Patients with Schizophrenia and Their Healthy Siblings
Regional change in brain morphometry in schizophrenia associated with antipsychotic treatment
Bilateral brain regions associated with naming in older adults.
Functional neural correlates of social approval in schizophrenia.
The effect of working memory performance on functional MRI in schizophrenia
Posttraumatic Stress Disorder as a Catalyst for the Association Between Metabolic Syndrome and Reduced Cortical Thickness.
Entacapone Reduces Cortical Activation in Parkinson's Disease with Wearing-Off: A f-MRI Study
Differential motor and prefrontal cerebello-cortical network development: Evidence from multimodal neuroimaging.
"Correlation between the Effects of Acupuncture at Taichong (LR3) and Functional Brain Areas: A Resting-State Functional
Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study Using True versus Sham Acupuncture"
Examining gray matter structures associated with individual differences in global life satisfaction in a large sample of young adults.
A New Paradigm for Individual Subject Language Mapping: Movie-Watching fMRI.
Neural evidence for cultural differences in the valuation of positive facial expressions.
Attention to Automatic Movements in Parkinson's Disease: Modified Automatic Mode in the Striatum.
Microstructural white matter damage at orbitofrontal areas in borderline personality disorder.
Pediatric OCD structural brain deficits in conflict monitoring circuits: A voxel-based morphometry study
Cerebral processing of social rejection in patients with borderline personality disorder.
"Deficits in cortical, diencephalic and midbrain gray matter in alcoholism measured by VBM: Effects of co-morbid substance abuse☆☆☆★"
Gray matter volume differences and the effects of smoking on gray matter in schizophrenia
Visual and proprioceptive interaction in patients with bilateral vestibular loss☆
DAT by perceived MC interaction on human prefrontal activity and connectivity during emotion processing.
Neural responses to maternal criticism in healthy youth.
Anatomical changes within the medullary dorsal horn in chronic temporomandibular disorder pain.
"Medial Prefrontal Cortex: Adding Value to Imagined
Scenarios"
"Local Anesthesia at ST36 to Reveal Responding Brain Areas to deqi
"
Deficits in Visual System Functional Connectivity after Blast‐Related Mild TBI are Associated with Injury Severity and Executive Dysfunction
White matter abnormalities associated with auditory hallucinations in schizophrenia: A combined study of voxel-based analyses of diffusion tensor imaging and structural magnetic resonance imaging
Mothers' neural activation in response to pictures of their children and other children
"Long-term expression of human contextual fear and extinction memories involves amygdala, hippocampus and ventromedial prefrontal cortex: a reinstatement study in two independent samples."
Pharmacological modulation of pulvinar resting-state regional oscillations and network dynamics in major depression.
Reduced white matter integrity correlated with cortico-subcortical gray matter deficits in schizophrenia.
Disrupted segregation of working memory networks in temporal lobe epilepsy☆
Deficit in a neural correlate of reality monitoring in schizophrenia patients.
The structural-functional connectome and the default mode network of the human brain.
"Decreased gray matter volume in the left middle temporal gyrus as a candidate biomarker for schizophrenia: a study of drug naive, first-episode schizophrenia patients and unaffected siblings."
Light to moderate alcohol use is associated with increased cortical gray matter in middle-aged men: a voxel-based morphometric study.
"Methylation of NR3C1 is related to maternal PTSD, parenting stress and maternal medial prefrontal cortical activity in response to child separation among mothers with histories of violence exposure"
Getting to know you: general and specific neural computations for learning about people.
Cocaine dependent individuals with attenuated striatal activation during reinforcement learning are more susceptible to relapse.
fMRI of syntactic processing in typically developing children: structural correlates in the inferior frontal gyrus.
Mapping joint grey and white matter reductions in Alzheimer's disease using joint independent component analysis.
Effect of emotional valence on retrieval-related recapitulation of encoding activity in the ventral visual stream.
"The neural representation of typical and atypical experiences of negative images: comparing fear, disgust and morbid fascination."
Brain Correlates of Cognitive Remediation in Schizophrenia: Activation Likelihood Analysis Shows Preliminary Evidence of Neural Target Engagement.
Neural signatures of hand kinematics in leaders vs. followers: A dual-MEG study☆
White matter diffusivity and microarchitecture among schizophrenia subjects and first-degree relatives.
The DCDC2/intron 2 deletion and white matter disorganization: focus on developmental dyslexia.
Progressive gray matter changes in first episode schizophrenia: a 4-year longitudinal magnetic resonance study using VBM.
Impaired functional but preserved structural connectivity in limbic white matter tracts in youth with conduct disorder or oppositional defiant disorder plus psychopathic traits.
Successful face recognition is associated with increased prefrontal cortex activation in autism spectrum disorder.
Functional imaging studies of cognition using 99mTc-HMPAO SPECT: empirical validation using the n-back working memory paradigm
Neural foundations of emerging route knowledge in complex spatial environments
Breastfeeding and early white matter development: A cross-sectional study☆
Multimodal connectivity of motor learning-related dorsal premotor cortex.
Voice Recognition in Face-Blind Patients.
Anticipating the consequences of action: an fMRI study of intention-based task preparation.
Brain State Differentiation and Behavioral Inflexibility in Autism.
Repetition related changes in activation and functional connectivity in hippocampus predict subsequent memory.
Developmental changes in brain function underlying the influence of reward processing on inhibitory control.
The role of prestimulus activity in visual extinction☆
Altered brain morphometry in carpal tunnel syndrome is associated with median nerve pathology☆☆☆
Regional differences in brain volume predict the acquisition of skill in a complex real-time strategy videogame.
Prefrontal abnormalities in patients with simple schizophrenia: Structural and functional brain-imaging studies in five cases
Thalamocortical Connectivity Correlates with Phenotypic Variability in Dystonia.
Altered regional brain function in the treatment‐naive patients with somatic symptom disorder: a resting‐state fMRI study
Structural neural networks subserving oculomotor function in first-episode schizophrenia
"Relationship between impulsivity, prefrontal anticipatory activation, and striatal dopamine release during rewarded task performance."
Sentence processing selectivity in Broca’s area: evident for structure but not syntactic movement
Gray matter volume in schizophrenia and bipolar disorder with psychotic features.
Subcortical BOLD responses during visual sexual stimulation vary as a function of implicit porn associations in women.
Cerebral perfusion differences in women currently with and recovered from anorexia nervosa.
Volumetric reduction of the corpus callosum in Alzheimer's disease in vivo as assessed with voxel-based morphometry
Resting-state functional connectivity of the default mode network associated with happiness.
Relationships between plasma leptin concentrations and human brain structure: A voxel-based morphometric study
Attentional modulation of source attribution in first-episode psychosis: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Information processing of geometrical features of a surface based on binocular disparity cues: an fMRI study.
Reward-related FMRI activation of dopaminergic midbrain is associated with enhanced hippocampus-dependent long-term memory formation.
Differential activation of pre-SMA and SMA proper during action observation: effects of instructions.
Top-down reorganization of activity in the visual pathway after learning a shape  identification task.
Neural activity associated with cognitive regulation in heroin users: A fMRI study.
Material-specific lateralization of memory encoding in the medial temporal lobe:  blocked versus event-related design.
Frontomedian activation depends on both feedback validity and valence: fMRI evidence for contextual feedback evaluation.
Different neuronal pathways support the generation of general and specific mental images.
Shifts of effective connectivity within a language network during rhyming and spelling.
Brain correlates of negative visuospatial priming in healthy children.
"Hemodynamic responses of the amygdala, the orbitofrontal cortex and the visual cortex during a fear conditioning paradigm."
Stimulus type and design influence hemodynamic responses towards visual disgust and fear elicitors.
Imaging Brain Mu-Opioid Receptors in Abstinent Cocaine Users: Time Course and Relation to Cocaine Craving
Influences of disgust sensitivity on hemodynamic responses towards a disgust-inducing film clip.
"Neural responses of OCD patients towards disorder-relevant, generally disgust-inducing and fear-inducing pictures."
Functional changes in the activity of brain regions underlying emotion processing in the elderly.
"White matter density in patients with schizophrenia, bipolar disorder and their unaffected relatives."
Brain activation during music listening in individuals with or without prior music training.
"Effects of alphabeticality, practice and type of instruction on reading an artificial script: an fMRI study."
Attention and emotion: does rating emotion alter neural responses to amusing and  sad films?
Temporal dynamics of cerebro-cerebellar network recruitment during a cognitive task.
Are numbers special? The comparison systems of the human brain investigated by fMRI.
Imagined rotations of self versus objects: an fMRI study.
Prefrontal functioning during context processing in schizophrenia and major depression: an event-related fMRI study.
Placebo in emotional processing--induced expectations of anxiety relief activate  a generalized modulatory network.
Variation of human amygdala response during threatening stimuli as a function of  5'HTTLPR genotype and personality style.
Age-related reorganization of encoding networks directly influences subsequent recognition memory.
Anger in brain and body: the neural and physiological perturbation of decision-making by emotion.
Visibility reflects dynamic changes of effective connectivity between V1 and fusiform cortex.
Common neural substrates for the control and effects of visual attention and perceptual bistability.
Brain mechanisms underlying perceptual causality.
The activation of attentional networks.
Neural correlates of hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal regulation of mothers with their infants.
Two distinct neural effects of blinking on human visual processing.
fMRI-acoustic noise alters brain activation during working memory tasks.
Processing of sub-syllabic speech units in the posterior temporal lobe: an fMRI study.
Time-efficient localization of the human secondary somatosensory cortex by functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Imaging phonology without print: assessing the neural correlates of phonemic awareness using fMRI.
Visceral and cutaneous pain representation in parasylvian cortex.
Drawing on the right side of the brain: a voxel-based morphometry analysis of observational drawing.
Functional integration in schizophrenia: too little or too much? Preliminary results on fMRI data.
Cortical activation during reading of ancient versus modern Japanese texts: fMRI  study.
Passive somatosensory discrimination tasks in healthy volunteers: differential networks involved in familiar versus unfamiliar shape and length discrimination.
Neural substrates of faulty decision-making in abstinent marijuana users.
Quantitative assessment of the reproducibility of functional activation measured  with BOLD and MR perfusion imaging: implications for clinical trial design.
Stimulus pacing affects the activation of the medial temporal lobe during a semantic classification task: an fMRI study.
Abnormal corticostriatal-limbic functional connectivity in obsessive–compulsive disorder during reward processing and resting-state☆
A common neural basis for receptive and expressive communication of pleasant facial affect.
Left thalamo-cortical network implicated in successful speech separation and identification.
Neural correlates of a reversal learning task with an affectively neutral baseline: an event-related fMRI study.
Effects of alcohol on brain responses to social signals of threat in humans.
Soundmorphing: a new approach to studying speech perception in humans.
Interactive effects of trait and state affect on top-down control of attention.
The BOLD response during Stroop task-like inhibition paradigms: Effects of task difficulty and task-relevant modality.
Long-range EEG phase synchronization during an arithmetic task indexes a coherent cortical network simultaneously measured by fMRI.
A systematic investigation of the functional neuroanatomy of auditory and visual  phonological processing.
Higher-order Brain Areas Associated with Real-time Functional MRI Neurofeedback Training of the Somato-motor Cortex
Scanning silence: mental imagery of complex sounds.
A failure of suppression within the default mode network in depressed adolescents with compulsive internet game play.
Effects of dopaminergic and serotonergic manipulation on emotional processing: a  pharmacological fMRI study.
Amygdala response and functional connectivity during emotion regulation: a study  of 14 depressed adolescents.
Task constraints modulate activation in right ventral lateral prefrontal cortex.
The role of precuneus and left inferior frontal cortex during source memory episodic retrieval.
Emotional content and reality-monitoring ability: fMRI evidence for the influences of encoding processes.
Sustained involvement of a frontal-parietal network for spatial response selection with practice of a spatial choice-reaction task.
Autobiographical deficits correlate with gray matter volume in depressed and high risk participants.
The influence of encoding strategy on episodic memory and cortical activity in schizophrenia.
Semantic divergence and creative story generation: an fMRI investigation.
Fate of unattended fearful faces in the amygdala is determined by both attentional resources and cognitive modulation.
Neural mechanisms underlying food motivation in children and adolescents.
Hemispheric specialization of human inferior temporal cortex during coarse-to-fine and fine-to-coarse analysis of natural visual scenes.
Cerebral asymmetry in children when reading Chinese characters.
Cognitive and neural consequences of memory suppression in major depressive disorder.
Task-independent semantic activation for numbers and animals.
"Distinct fMRI responses to laughter, speech, and sounds along the human peri-sylvian cortex."
Activity and functional connectivity of inferior frontal cortex associated with response conflict.
Cue-induced brain activity in pathological gamblers.
Social contracts and precautions activate different neurological systems: an fMRI investigation of deontic reasoning.
Hypnotic suggestion reduces conflict in the human brain.
Anterior cingulate activity during error and autonomic response.
Brain activations associated with probability matching.
Left inferior prefrontal cortex activation during a semantic decision-making task predicts the degree of semantic organization.
Common and unique components of response inhibition revealed by fMRI.
"Taking an ""intentional stance"" on eye-gaze shifts: a functional neuroimaging study of social perception in children."
Modulation of pain processing in hyperalgesia by cognitive demand.
The spatiotemporal pattern of auditory cortical responses during verbal hallucinations.
Towards quantification of blood-flow changes during cognitive task activation using perfusion-based fMRI.
Retrieving rules for behavior from long-term memory.
Functional MRI of galvanic vestibular stimulation with alternating currents at different frequencies.
A comparison of neural correlates underlying social cognition in Klinefelter syndrome and autism.
Directing spatial attention in mental representations: Interactions between attentional orienting and working-memory load.
Hemispheric differences in hemodynamics elicited by auditory oddball stimuli.
Parahippocampal activation evoked by masked traumatic images in posttraumatic stress disorder: a functional MRI study.
Emotional context during encoding of neutral items modulates brain activation not only during encoding but also during recognition.
Cognitive control and brain resources in major depression: an fMRI study using the n-back task.
"Abnormal functional connectivity density in first-episode, drug-naive adult patients with major depressive disorder."
Abnormal neural activity in partially remitted late-onset depression: an fMRI study of one-back working memory task.
Affective traits and history of depression are related to ventral striatum connectivity.
Dynamics of male sexual arousal: distinct components of brain activation revealed by fMRI.
Familiarity enhances invariance of face representations in human ventral visual cortex: fMRI evidence.
Alteration of cortico-limbic-striatal neural system in major depressive disorder  and bipolar disorder.
Male and female voices activate distinct regions in the male brain.
Alterations in visual cortical activation and connectivity with prefrontal cortex during working memory updating in major depressive disorder.
A double dissociation of ventromedial prefrontal cortical responses to sad and happy stimuli in depressed and healthy individuals.
The role of the human amygdala in the production of conditioned fear responses.
Word and non-word reading: what role for the Visual Word Form Area?
Separating semantic conflict and response conflict in the Stroop task: a functional MRI study.
Content-specific activation during associative long-term memory retrieval.
Thinking about intentions.
Hypnosis decouples cognitive control from conflict monitoring processes of the frontal lobe.
A functional MRI comparison of patients with obsessive-compulsive disorder and normal controls during a Chinese character Stroop task.
"The human brain is intrinsically organized into dynamic, anticorrelated functional networks."
Neurobiological correlates of social conformity and independence during mental rotation.
Depression alters maternal extended amygdala response and functional connectivity during distress signals in attachment relationship.
The neurophysiological time pattern of illusionary visual perceptual transitions: a simultaneous EEG and fMRI study.
Reduced functional connectivity between V1 and inferior frontal cortex associated with visuomotor performance in autism.
Contributions of amygdala and striatal activity in emotion regulation.
The Talairach coordinate of a point in the MNI space: how to interpret it.
Separate cortical networks involved in music perception: preliminary functional MRI evidence for modularity of music processing.
Functional Connectivity Differences in the Insular Sub-regions in Migraine without Aura: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study.
Structural brain abnormalities in borderline personality disorder: a voxel-based morphometry study.
The effect of encoding strategies on medial temporal lobe activations during the  recognition of words: an event-related fMRI study.
The many faces of the gamma band response to complex visual stimuli.
Task demands modulate sustained and transient neural activity during visual-matching tasks.
Hippocampal functional magnetic resonance imaging during a face-name learning task in adolescents with antecedents of prematurity.
Dissociation of cortical regions modulated by both working memory load and sleep  deprivation and by sleep deprivation alone.
Executive dysfunction in Parkinson's disease is associated with altered pallidal-frontal processing.
Superior temporal gyrus and insula provide response and outcome-dependent information during assessment and action selection in a decision-making situation.
Self-referential reflective activity and its relationship with rest: a PET study.
Sustained neural activity associated with cognitive control during temporally extended decision making.
Neuroimaging of marijuana smokers during inhibitory processing: a pilot investigation.
Neural synchrony and white matter variations in the human brain--relation between evoked γ frequency and corpus callosum morphology.
Risky decision making and the anterior cingulate cortex in abstinent drug abusers and nonusers.
Distracted and down: neural mechanisms of affective interference in subclinical depression.
Control networks and hemispheric asymmetries in parietal cortex during attentional orienting in different spatial reference frames.
What vs. where in touch: an fMRI study.
Interictal dysfunction of a brainstem descending modulatory center in migraine patients.
Neuroimaging-guided rTMS of the left inferior frontal gyrus interferes with repetition priming.
Presynaptic Serotoninergic Regulation of Emotional Processing: A Multimodal Brain Imaging Study.
Spatial resolution of fMRI in the human parasylvian cortex: comparison of somatosensory and auditory activation.
Neural correlates of distance and congruity effects in a numerical Stroop task: an event-related fMRI study.
Serotonin-1A receptor binding is positively associated with gray matter volume -- a multimodal neuroimaging study combining PET and structural MRI.
A role for the brainstem in central sensitisation in humans. Evidence from functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Left inferior parietal dominance in gesture imitation: an fMRI study.
Content-specificity of the neural correlates of recollection.
CASL fMRI of subcortico-cortical perfusion changes during memory-guided finger sequences.
The neural origins of specific and general memory: the role of the fusiform cortex.
"Co-activation of the amygdala, hippocampus and inferior frontal gyrus during autobiographical memory retrieval."
Altered hypothalamic functional connectivity with autonomic circuits and the locus coeruleus in migraine.
Learning-related fMRI activation associated with a rotational visuo-motor transformation.
The sensorimotor transformation of cross-modal spatial information in the anterior intraparietal sulcus as revealed by functional MRI.
The interfering effect of related events on recognition memory discriminability:  a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Selecting among competing alternatives: selection and retrieval in the left inferior frontal gyrus.
Reduced functional integration of the sensorimotor and language network in rolandic epilepsy☆
Brain processing during mechanical hyperalgesia in complex regional pain syndrome: a functional MRI study.
Raloxifene exposure enhances brain activation during memory performance in healthy elderly males; its possible relevance to behavior.
Tactile estimation of the roughness of gratings yields a graded response in the human brain: an fMRI study.
An fMRI study of joint attention experience.
White matter microstructure between the pre‐SMA and the cingulum bundle is related to response conflict in healthy subjects
"Volumetric, connective, and morphologic changes in the brains of children with chromosome 22q11.2 deletion syndrome: an integrative study."
Intentional false responding shares neural substrates with response conflict and  cognitive control.
ALS-Plus syndrome: non-pyramidal features in a large ALS cohort.
Correlations between brain cortical thickness and cutaneous pain thresholds are atypical in adults with migraine.
Viewing facial expressions of pain engages cortical areas involved in the direct  experience of pain.
The neuroanatomy of general intelligence: sex matters.
Functional neuroanatomy of working memory in adults with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.
Sex differences in brain activation during stress imagery in abstinent cocaine users: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
"A manual and automated MRI study of anterior cingulate and orbito-frontal cortices, and caudate nucleus in obsessive-compulsive disorder: comparison with healthy controls and patients with schizophren"
An fMRI investigation of covertly and overtly produced mono- and multisyllabic words.
Generating animal and tool names: an fMRI study of effective connectivity.
An adaptive reflexive processing model of neurocognitive function: supporting evidence from a large scale (n = 100) fMRI study of an auditory oddball task.
"Self-face recognition activates a frontoparietal ""mirror"" network in the right hemisphere: an event-related fMRI study."
The neural bases of amusement and sadness: a comparison of block contrast and subject-specific emotion intensity regression approaches.
Spatiotemporal brain dynamics in response to muscle stimulation.
Cognitive functions correlate with white matter architecture in a normal pediatric population: a diffusion tensor MRI study.
Sustained activation of the hippocampus in response to fearful faces in schizophrenia.
Age-dependent brain activation during forward and backward digit recall revealed  by fMRI.
Linking retinotopic fMRI mapping and anatomical probability maps of human occipital areas V1 and V2.
Pathways for fear perception: modulation of amygdala activity by thalamo-cortical systems.
Coherence between fMRI time-series distinguishes two spatial working memory networks.
Same or different? Neural correlates of happy and sad mood in healthy males.
Who did what to whom? The neural basis of argument hierarchies during language comprehension.
Forming impressions of people versus inanimate objects: social-cognitive processing in the medial prefrontal cortex.
Placing a tool in the spotlight: spatial attention modulates visuomotor responses in cortex.
Maintaining coherence of dynamic objects requires coordination of neural systems  extended from anterior frontal to posterior parietal brain cortices.
Combined event-related fMRI and intracerebral ERP study of an auditory oddball task.
Imaging speech production using fMRI.
fMRI temporal clustering analysis in patients with frequent interictal epileptiform discharges: comparison with EEG-driven analysis.
Altered Development of Amygdala-Anterior Cingulate Cortex Connectivity in Anxious Youth and Young Adults
Efficient learning mechanisms hold in the social domain and are implemented in the medial prefrontal cortex.
Activity and connectivity of brain mood regulating circuit in depression: a functional magnetic resonance study.
Acupoint-specific fMRI patterns in human brain.
The cerebellum's involvement in the judgment of spatial orientation: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Imaging the visual autokinetic illusion with fMRI.
Neural correlates of eye blinking; improved by simultaneous fMRI and EOG measurement.
A 4.0-T fMRI study of brain connectivity during word fluency in first-episode schizophrenia.
The neural correlates of maternal sensitivity: an fMRI study.
The effect of adult-acquired hippocampal damage on memory retrieval: an fMRI study.
On-line automatic slice positioning for brain MR imaging.
Emotional memory: separating content and context.
Sex differences in the neural correlates of child facial resemblance: an event-related fMRI study.
"Abnormal causal connectivity by structural deficits in first-episode, drug-naive schizophrenia at rest."
Expanding the response space in chronic schizophrenia: the relevance of left prefrontal cortex.
Hippocampus activity differentiates good from poor learners of a novel lexicon.
Activation of the precuneus is related to reduced reaction time in serial reaction time tasks.
Brain regions associated with successful and unsuccessful retrieval of verbal episodic memory as revealed by divided attention.
Brain-based mechanisms underlying complex causal thinking.
Specific motion processing pathway deficit during eye tracking in schizophrenia:  a performance-matched functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Cortical and subcortical brain effects of transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS)-induced movement: an interleaved TMS/functional magnetic resonance imaging  study.
Distinctions between manipulation and function knowledge of objects: evidence from functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Cortical topography of human anterior intraparietal cortex active during visually guided grasping.
Contagious yawning and the brain.
Functional connectivity of dissociative responses in posttraumatic stress disorder: a functional magnetic resonance imaging investigation.
Hippocampal activations during encoding and retrieval in a verbal working memory  paradigm.
Brain activation of patients with obsessive-compulsive disorder during neuropsychological and symptom provocation tasks before and after symptom improvement: a functional magnetic resonance imaging st
Dissociable attentional and affective circuits in medication-naïve children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.
Neural correlates of painful genital touch in women with vulvar vestibulitis syndrome.
Movement preparation in self-initiated versus externally triggered movements: an event-related fMRI-study
Grey matter changes over time in high risk subjects developing schizophrenia.
"Neural Substrates Underlying Learning-Related Changes of the
Unconditioned Fear Response"
Perceptual bias following visual target selection.
Voxel-based morphometry and stereology provide convergent evidence of the importance of medial prefrontal cortex for fluid intelligence in healthy adults.
Trial pacing in mental rotation tasks.
Frontal and limbic metabolic differences in subjects selected according to genetic variation of the SLC6A4 gene polymorphism.
Brain mechanisms for mood congruent memory facilitation.
Association between amygdala response to emotional faces and social anxiety in autism spectrum disorders.
A voxel-based morphometry comparison of regional gray matter between fragile X syndrome and autism
Neural basis of generation of conclusions in elementary deduction.
The neural basis for understanding non-intended actions.
fMRI delineation of working memory for emotional prosody in the brain: commonalities with the lexico-semantic emotion network.
Default-mode network activity distinguishes amnestic type mild cognitive impairment from healthy aging: a combined structural and resting-state functional MRI study.
Gene-gene interaction associated with neural reward sensitivity.
FMRI reveals a dissociation between grasping and perceiving the size of real 3D objects.
Imaging early practice effects in arithmetic.
"Functional alteration patterns of default mode networks: comparisons of normal aging, amnestic mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer's disease."
Saccade preparation signals in the human frontal and parietal cortices.
Gaze fixations predict brain activation during the voluntary regulation of picture-induced negative affect.
Design and validation of a MR-compatible pneumatic manipulandum.
Inhibition and facilitation in visual word recognition: prefrontal contribution to the orthographic neighborhood size effect.
Stimulus properties matter more than perspective: an fMRI study of mental imagery and silent reading of action phrases.
Overt and imagined singing of an Italian aria.
Neural substrates of visuomotor learning based on improved feedback control and prediction.
Toward a functional neuroanatomy of premenstrual dysphoric disorder.
Action observation has a positive impact on rehabilitation of motor deficits after stroke.
Zones of bimanual and unimanual preference within human primary sensorimotor cortex during object manipulation.
Understanding non-biological dynamics with your own premotor system.
Functional dissociation of saccade and hand reaching control with bilateral lesions of the medial wall of the intraparietal sulcus: implications for optic ataxia.
Preliminary evidence of within-subject changes in gray matter density associated with remission of bipolar depression.
Beyond grasping: representation of action in human anterior intraparietal sulcus.
The golden beauty: brain response to classical and renaissance sculptures.
Does tool-related fMRI activity within the intraparietal sulcus reflect the plan  to grasp?
Genetic variation in serotonin transporter alters resting brain function in healthy individuals.
The extrastriate cortex distinguishes between the consequences of one's own and others' behavior.
Brain activation during the Stroop task in adolescents with severe substance and  conduct problems: A pilot study.
"Dissociation of the neural correlates of recognition memory according to familiarity, recollection, and amount of recollected information."
Bayesian network analysis reveals alterations to default mode network connectivity in individuals at risk for Alzheimer's disease.
Human cortical circuits for central executive function emerge by theta phase synchronization.
Lexical ambiguity in sentence comprehension.
Medial frontal hyperactivity in reality distortion.
Cortical mechanisms for shifting and holding visuospatial attention.
The influence of olfactory-induced negative emotion on verbal working memory: individual differences in neurobehavioral findings.
The role of the basal ganglia in bimanual coordination.
A functional magnetic resonance imaging study of the body schema using full human line-drawing figures in an on-line verbal naming and localization task of single  body part words.
Language at rest: A longitudinal study of intrinsic functional connectivity in preterm children☆☆☆☆☆☆
Differentiation between external and internal cuing: an fMRI study comparing tracing with drawing.
fMRI of peripheral visual field representation.
"Cognitive reserve modulates task-induced activations and deactivations in healthy elders, amnestic mild cognitive impairment and mild Alzheimer's disease."
Resting-state fMRI changes in Alzheimer's disease and mild cognitive impairment.
Supramodal language comprehension: role of the left temporal lobe for listening and reading.
Central control of grasp: manipulation of objects with complex and simple dynamics.
Common neural substrates for visual working memory and attention.
Metabolic and electric brain patterns during pleasant and unpleasant emotions induced by music masterpieces.
Functional neural networks underlying response inhibition in adolescents and adults.
Cerebellar contributions to working memory.
Neural correlates of and processes underlying generalized and differential return of fear.
Default mode network activity in male adolescents with conduct and substance use disorder.
Predicting the actions of others taps into one's own somatosensory representations--a functional MRI study.
A validated network of effective amygdala connectivity.
Goal-dependent modulation of declarative memory: neural correlates of temporal recency decisions and novelty detection.
Visual presentation of phobic stimuli: amygdala activation via an extrageniculostriate pathway?
Neural correlates of covert orienting of visual spatial attention along vertical  and horizontal dimensions.
Hemodynamic brain correlates of disgust and fear ratings.
Impairment of fronto-striatal and parietal cerebral networks correlates with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) psychopathology in adults - a functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) 
Cortical thickness analysis and optimized voxel-based morphometry in children and adolescents with prelingually profound sensorineural hearing loss.
Neural responses to auditory stimulus deviance under threat of electric shock revealed by spatially-filtered magnetoencephalography.
Maintaining structured information: an investigation into functions of parietal and lateral prefrontal cortices.
Differential activation of the dorsal striatum by high-calorie visual food stimuli in obese individuals.
Increased prefrontal activation during pain perception in major depression.
Resolving sentence ambiguity with planning and working memory resources: Evidence from fMRI.
A common neural substrate for perceiving and knowing about color.
Cerebral activation during motor imagery in complex regional pain syndrome type 1 with dystonia.
Distinct brain networks for adaptive and stable task control in humans.
A combined diffusion tensor imaging and magnetic resonance spectroscopy study of patients with schizophrenia.
Bilingual cognitive control in language switching: an fMRI study of English-Chinese late bilinguals.
Thalamo-cortical dysfunction in cocaine abusers: implications in attention and perception.
Self-affirmation activates brain systems associated with self-related processing and reward and is reinforced by future orientation.
In-context language control with production tasks in bilinguals: an fMRI study.
All for one but not one for all: how multiple number representations are recruited in one numerical task.
Temporal lobe dysfunction in medication-naive boys with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder during attention allocation and its relation to response variability.
Neuroimaging of individuals with Down's syndrome at-risk for dementia: evidence for possible compensatory events.
Local and global inhibition in bilingual word production: fMRI evidence from Chinese-English bilinguals.
The role of immediate and final goals in action planning: an fMRI study.
Face adaptation aftereffects reveal anterior medial temporal cortex role in high  level category representation.
Working memory and syntax interact in Broca's area.
The relationship within and between the extrinsic and intrinsic systems indicated by resting state correlational patterns of sensory cortices.
Localizing the rostrolateral prefrontal cortex at the individual level.
Imaging human supraspinal locomotor centers in brainstem and cerebellum.
Proprio-tactile integration for kinesthetic perception: an fMRI study.
Strategic differences in algebraic problem solving: neuroanatomical correlates.
When thoughts become action: an fMRI paradigm to study volitional brain activity  in non-communicative brain injured patients.
Event-related functional magnetic resonance imaging of response inhibition in obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Neural substrates underlying evaluation of pain in actions depicted in words.
Different neural systems adjust motor behavior in response to reward and punishment.
Neural substrates of olfactory processing in schizophrenia patients and their healthy relatives.
The functional role of dorso-lateral premotor cortex during mental rotation: an event-related fMRI study separating cognitive processing steps using a novel task paradigm.
Influence of emotional expression on memory recognition bias: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
The effect of doxapram on brain imaging in patients with panic disorder.
Gender differences in the cognitive control of emotion: An fMRI study.
An fMRI investigation of procedural learning in unaffected siblings of individuals with schizophrenia.
Neural substrates of processing path and manner information of a moving event.
Differential engagement of anterior cingulate and adjacent medial frontal cortex  in adept meditators and non-meditators.
Structure-function interactions of correct retrieval in healthy elderly women.
Erythropoietin reduces neural and cognitive processing of fear in human models of antidepressant drug action.
A structural neural deficit in adolescents with conduct disorder and its association with lack of empathy.
Dissociating timing and coordination as functions of the cerebellum.
Functional connectivity of the hippocampus in elderly with mild memory dysfunction carrying the APOE epsilon4 allele.
The relationship between brain activity and peak grip force is modulated by corticospinal system integrity after subcortical stroke.
Alzheimer's disease-related changes in regional spontaneous brain activity levels and inter-region interactions in the default mode network.
Cerebral activation in patients with somatoform pain disorder exposed to pain and stress: an fMRI study.
Decisions about the past are guided by reinstatement of specific memories in the hippocampus and perirhinal cortex.
Effects of generation mode in fMRI adaptations of semantic fluency: paced production and overt speech.
Activation of the supplementary motor area (SMA) during voluntary pelvic floor muscle contractions--an fMRI study.
Acute effects of alcohol on neural correlates of episodic memory encoding.
Here I am: the cortical correlates of visual self-recognition.
Diminished medial prefrontal cortex activity in blood-injection-injury phobia.
Sex differences in neural responses to disgusting visual stimuli: implications for disgust-related psychiatric disorders.
A selective involvement of putamen functional connectivity in youth with internet gaming disorder.
Aberrant neural signatures of decision-making: Pathological gamblers display cortico-striatal hypersensitivity to extreme gambles.
Brain activation during sentence comprehension among good and poor readers.
An fMRI investigation of the role of the basal ganglia in reasoning.
Altered brain activity during reward anticipation in pathological gambling and obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Processing of location and pattern changes of natural sounds in the human auditory cortex.
Circuitry underlying temporally extended spatial working memory.
Grey matter correlates of early psychotic symptoms in adolescents at enhanced risk of psychosis: a voxel-based study.
Brain activation during implicit sequence learning in individuals with trichotillomania.
Context-dependent interpretation of words: evidence for interactive neural processes.
A rapid sound-action association effect in human insular cortex.
Test-retest reliability of amygdala response to emotional faces.
Phonological processing in relation to reading: an fMRI study in deaf readers.
Brain responses to symptom provocation and trauma-related short-term memory recall in coal mining accident survivors with acute severe PTSD.
Neurobiological regret and rejoice functions for aversive outcomes.
Emotional Intelligence predicts individual differences in social exchange reasoning.
Regulation of anterior insular cortex activity using real-time fMRI.
Amygdala function in adolescents with congenital adrenal hyperplasia: a model for the study of early steroid abnormalities.
Response options and expectations of reward in decision-making: the differential  roles of dorsal and rostral anterior cingulate cortex.
Dissociating the effects of Sternberg working memory demands in prefrontal cortex.
Human brain activation during phonation and exhalation: common volitional control for two upper airway functions.
Ventral fronto-temporal pathway supporting cognitive control of episodic memory retrieval.
White matter development in adolescence: a DTI study.
Neurophysiological correlates of relatively enhanced local visual search in autistic adolescents.
Reduced posterior mesofrontal cortex activation by risky rewards in substance-dependent patients.
Regional coherence changes in the early stages of Alzheimer's disease: a combined structural and resting-state functional MRI study.
The neural basis of the egocentric and allocentric spatial frame of reference.
White matter development during late adolescence in healthy males: a cross-sectional diffusion tensor imaging study.
Preparatory allocation of attention and adjustments in conflict processing.
Perceiving fear in dynamic body expressions.
Intranasal trigeminal function in subjects with and without an intact sense of smell.
Neural correlates of two imagined egocentric transformations.
The effect of task-relevance on primary somatosensory cortex during continuous sensory-guided movement in the presence of bimodal competition.
The neuroeconomics of nicotine dependence: a preliminary functional magnetic resonance imaging study of delay discounting of monetary and cigarette rewards in smokers.
Dysfunction of reward processing correlates with alcohol craving in detoxified alcoholics.
The relationship between brain morphometry and neuropsychological performance in  alcohol dependence.
What do you feel? Adolescent drug and alcohol users show altered brain response to pleasant interoceptive stimuli.
Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder: A preliminary diffusion tensor imaging study
Distinct and convergent visual processing of high and low spatial frequency information in faces.
Subregions of human parietal cortex selectively encoding object orientation.
Violent persons with schizophrenia and comorbid disorders: a functional magnetic  resonance imaging study.
Mapping brain structure in attention deficit-hyperactivity disorder: a voxel-based MRI study of regional grey and white matter volume.
Ventral medial prefrontal cortex and cardiovagal control in conscious humans.
Mapping the spinal and supraspinal pathways of dynamic mechanical allodynia in the human trigeminal system using cardiac-gated fMRI.
Distinct neural correlates underlying two- and three-dimensional mental rotations using three-dimensional objects.
Altered benzodiazepine receptor sensitivity in alcoholism: a study with fMRI and  acute lorazepam challenge.
Competing neural responses for auditory and visual decisions.
Reduced activation of posterior cingulate cortex during imagery in subjects with  high degrees of alexithymia: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Functional connectivity of the dorsal and median raphe nuclei at rest.
Nicotine enhances visuospatial attention by deactivating areas of the resting brain default network.
Neural pathways link social support to attenuated neuroendocrine stress responses.
Activity of attention related structures in multiple sclerosis patients.
Orienting auditory spatial attention engages frontal eye fields and medial occipital cortex in congenitally blind humans.
Fronto-limbic and autonomic disjunctions to negative emotion distinguish schizophrenia subtypes.
fMRI reveals a preference for near viewing in the human parieto-occipital cortex.
Fronto-temporal-lobe atrophy in early-stage Alzheimer's disease identified using  an improved detection methodology.
Individual differences in alexithymia and brain response to masked emotion faces.
Is there continuity between categorical and coordinate spatial relations coding?  Evidence from a grid/no-grid working memory paradigm.
Abnormalities of language networks in temporal lobe epilepsy.
Attention and reality constraints on the neural processes of empathy for pain.
Altered default mode network connectivity in Alzheimer's disease--a resting functional MRI and Bayesian network study.
Capsaicin-induced thermal hyperalgesia and sensitization in the human trigeminal  nociceptive pathway: an fMRI study.
Amygdala activation and facial expressions: explicit emotion discrimination versus implicit emotion processing.
Functional neuroimaging correlates of mental fatigue induced by cognition among chronic fatigue syndrome patients and controls.
The neural basis of selection-for-action.
Atrophy is associated with posterior cingulate white matter disruption in dementia with Lewy bodies and Alzheimer's disease.
Neural mechanisms of auditory awareness underlying verbal transformations.
Self-regulation of amygdala activation using real-time FMRI neurofeedback.
Impaired working-memory after cerebellar infarcts paralleled by changes in BOLD signal of a cortico-cerebellar circuit.
Neural correlates of true and false belief reasoning.
Brain networks subserving the extraction of sentence information and its encoding to memory.
Effects of acute antipsychotic treatment on brain activation in first episode psychosis: an fMRI study.
Low- and high-frequency evoked responses following pattern reversal stimuli: a MEG study supported by fMRI constraint.
The Kuleshov Effect: the influence of contextual framing on emotional attributions.
Item analysis in functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Mental rotation and object categorization share a common network of prefrontal and dorsal and ventral regions of posterior cortex.
Functional brain correlates of response time variability in children.
Cerebellar contributions to episodic memory encoding as revealed by fMRI.
A tensor based morphometry study of longitudinal gray matter contraction in FTD.
When goals are missed: dealing with self-generated and externally induced failure.
Depressed mood and lateralized prefrontal activity during a Stroop task in adolescent children.
Effect of spatial attention on stimulus-specific haemodynamic repetition effects.
Alexithymia influences brain activation during emotion perception but not regulation.
Alexithymic features and the labeling of brief emotional facial expressions - An  fMRI study.
Categorization training results in shape- and category-selective human neural plasticity.
The neural mechanism of imagining facial affective expression.
Working memory dysfunction in schizophrenia compared to healthy controls and patients with depression: evidence from event-related fMRI.
"Fingerspelling, signed language, text and picture processing in deaf native signers: the role of the mid-fusiform gyrus."
Increased self-monitoring during imagined movements in conversion paralysis.
Compensatory cortical mechanisms in Parkinson's disease evidenced with fMRI during the performance of pre-learned sequential movements.
Dissociable correlates of two classes of retrieval processing in prefrontal cortex.
Impaired self-awareness and theory of mind: an fMRI study of mentalizing in alexithymia.
Neural bases of asymmetric language switching in second-language learners: an ER-fMRI study.
Neural basis of language switching in the brain: fMRI evidence from Korean-Chinese early bilinguals.
A functional MRI study of a paced motor activation task to evaluate frontal-subcortical circuit function in bipolar depression.
The neural bases of emotion regulation: reappraisal and suppression of negative emotion.
A novel approach to study audiovisual integration in speech perception: localizer fMRI and sparse sampling.
Experiencing past and future personal events: functional neuroimaging evidence on the neural bases of mental time travel.
Cortical activation in hemianopia after stroke.
Anterior cingulate cortex modulates preparatory activation during certain anticipation of negative picture.
Brain network dynamics during error commission.
"Phantom limb pain, cortical reorganization and the therapeutic effect of mental imagery."
Predictability-mediated pain modulation in context of multiple cues: An event-related fMRI study.
A simultaneous EEG-fMRI study of painful electric stimulation.
Cingulate-precuneus interactions: a new locus of dysfunction in adult attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.
Population-level inferences for distributed MEG source localization under multiple constraints: application to face-evoked fields.
Neural system for updating object working memory from different sources: sensory  stimuli or long-term memory.
Neuroanatomical distribution of five semantic components of verbs: evidence from  fMRI.
Common regions of dorsal anterior cingulate and prefrontal-parietal cortices provide attentional control of distracters varying in emotionality and visibility.
Preparatory neural activity predicts performance on a conflict task.
Mixed-effect statistics for group analysis in fMRI: a nonparametric maximum likelihood approach.
Altered anterior insula activation during anticipation and experience of painful  stimuli in expert meditators.
Repetition priming without identification of the primes: evidence for a component process view of priming.
Regional gray matter abnormalities in panic disorder: a voxel-based morphometry study.
Voxel-based T2 Relaxation Rate Measurements in Temporal Lobe Epilepsy (TLE) with and without Mesial Temporal Sclerosis
Brain mediators of predictive cue effects on perceived pain.
Auditory processing of different types of pseudo-words: an event-related fMRI study.
Examining brain structures associated with perceived stress in a large sample of young adults via voxel-based morphometry.
Quantification of pain-induced changes in cerebral blood flow by perfusion MRI.
Anticipation of novelty recruits reward system and hippocampus while promoting recollection.
Imagining the future: evidence for a hippocampal contribution to constructive processing.
Reduced neuronal efficacy in progressive mild cognitive impairment: a prospective fMRI study on visuospatial processing.
Reward circuit function in high BMI individuals with compulsive overeating: similarities with addiction.
Reward anticipation and outcomes in adult males with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.
Greater anterior insula activation during anticipation of food images in women recovered from anorexia nervosa versus controls.
A functional magnetic resonance imaging investigation of uncertainty in adolescents with anxiety disorders.
The co-existence of geriatric depression and amnestic mild cognitive impairment detrimentally affect gray matter volumes: voxel-based morphometry study.
Attentional and linguistic interactions in speech perception.
Brain structural changes in schizophrenia patients with persistent hallucinations.
Functional interactions between prefrontal and visual association cortex contribute to top-down modulation of visual processing.
Exogenous testosterone enhances responsiveness to social threat in the neural circuitry of social aggression in humans.
Cortical activation during motor imagery is reduced in Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis.
Aberrant Salience Is Related to Dysfunctional Self-Referential Processing in Psychosis.
Tit-for-tat: the neural basis of reactive aggression.
Functional neuroanatomical investigation of vision-related acupuncture point specificity--a multisession fMRI study.
Widespread disruption in brain activation patterns to a working memory task during cocaine abstinence.
An fMRI investigation into the neural mechanisms of spatial attentional selection in a location-based negative priming task.
Probing the transformation of discontinuous associations into episodic memory: an event-related fMRI study.
Common brain regions underlying different arithmetic operations as revealed by conjunct fMRI-BOLD activation.
Neural processes underlying intuitive coherence judgments as revealed by fMRI on  a semantic judgment task.
No language-specific activation during linguistic processing of observed actions.
Individual differences in mathematical competence predict parietal brain activation during mental calculation.
Blunted activation in right ventrolateral prefrontal cortex during motor response inhibition in schizophrenia.
Leptin replacement alters brain response to food cues in genetically leptin-deficient adults.
Cueing method biases in visual detection studies.
'Eavesdropping' on social interactions biases threat perception in visuospatial pathways.
Neural correlates of primary and reflective consciousness of spatial orienting.
The neural signature of social norm compliance.
Systemizing influences attentional processes during the Navon task: an fMRI study.
Neuronal correlates of reward and loss in Cluster B personality disorders: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Cortical activity time locked to the shift and maintenance of spatial attention.
"Association between striatal dopamine D2/D3 receptors and
brain activation during visual attention: effects of sleep deprivation"
Que PASA? The posterior-anterior shift in aging.
Neural correlates of working memory performance in adolescents and young adults with dyslexia.
Separable neural mechanisms contribute to feedback processing in a rule-learning  task.
Does caffeine modulate verbal working memory processes? An fMRI study.
Dissociated responses in the amygdala and orbitofrontal cortex to bottom-up and top-down components of emotional evaluation.
"Time, space and emotion: fMRI reveals content-specific activation during text comprehension."
Dissociating the neural mechanisms of memory-based guidance of visual selection.
Relative valuation of pain in human orbitofrontal cortex.
Reduced behavioral and neural activation in stimulant users to different error rates during decision making.
Pattern classification of sad facial processing: toward the development of neurobiological markers in depression.
Ranking brain areas encoding the perceived level of pain from fMRI data.
Differences in cortical activity between methamphetamine-dependent and healthy individuals performing a facial affect matching task.
Cerebral processing of emotional prosody--influence of acoustic parameters and arousal.
The self in conflict: the role of executive processes during truthful and deceptive responses about attitudes.
Changes in white matter microstructure during adolescence.
Brain macrostructural and microstructural abnormalities in cocaine dependence.
Brain atrophy in primary progressive aphasia involves the cholinergic basal forebrain and Ayala's nucleus.
Ageing-related changes of neural activity associated with spatial contextual memory.
Memory of music: roles of right hippocampus and left inferior frontal gyrus.
Differential brain activation associated with laser-evoked burning and pricking pain: An event-related fMRI study.
Atypical involvement of frontostriatal systems during sensorimotor control in autism.
Global familiarity of visual stimuli affects repetition-related neural plasticity but not repetition priming.
Imaging brain and immune association accompanying cognitive appraisal of an acute stressor.
Isolation of saccade inhibition processes: rapid event-related fMRI of saccades and nogo trials.
Frontal eye fields involved in shifting frame of reference within working memory  for scenes.
Neural correlates of emotional working memory in patients with mild cognitive impairment.
"Exploring the brain in pain: activations, deactivations and their relation."
The neural circuitry mediating shifts in behavioral response and cognitive set in autism.
Extended cortical activations during evaluating successive pain stimuli.
An Investigation of Place and Voice Features Using fMRI-Adaptation.
fMRI evidence for both generalized and specialized components of attentional control.
Neural differences in the processing of semantic relationships across cultures.
Comparing natural and constrained movements: new insights into the visuomotor control of grasping.
Central representation of the RIII flexion reflex associated with overt motor reaction: an fMRI study.
Effects of aging on true and false memory formation: an fMRI study.
Modulation of anticipatory emotion and perception processing by cognitive control.
Gray matter density reduction in the insula in fire survivors with posttraumatic stress disorder: a voxel-based morphometric study.
White matter characterization of adolescent binge drinking with and without co-occurring marijuana use: a 3-year investigation.
Changes in brain activation during working memory and facial recognition tasks in patients with bipolar disorder with Lamotrigine monotherapy.
The neural correlates of non-spatial working memory in velocardiofacial syndrome  (22q11.2 deletion syndrome).
Single dose antidepressant administration modulates the neural processing of self-referent personality trait words.
Incidental effects of emotional valence in single word processing: an fMRI study.
Distinct mechanisms of altered brain activation in patients with multiple sclerosis.
Increased cerebral perfusion in adult attention deficit hyperactivity disorder is normalised by stimulant treatment: a non-invasive MRI pilot study.
Cortical mechanism of communicative speech production.
Common and distinct brain activation to viewing dynamic sequences of face and hand movements.
An fMRI study of the reverse perspective illusion.
Lexicality drives audio-motor transformations in Broca's area.
Feature-based attentional modulations in the absence of direct visual stimulation.
Cultural and linguistic effects on neural bases of 'Theory of Mind' in American and Japanese children.
"Comparison of ""silent"" clustered and sparse temporal fMRI acquisitions in tonal and speech perception tasks."
Expectation modulates human brain responses to acute cocaine: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Altered neural network supporting declarative long-term memory in mild cognitive  impairment.
Oxytocin attenuates amygdala responses to emotional faces regardless of valence.
On sense and reference: examining the functional neuroanatomy of referential processing.
Cerebral processing of gustatory stimuli in patients with taste loss.
Fronto-limbic dysfunction in response to facial emotion in borderline personality disorder: an event-related fMRI study.
Altered brain long-range functional interactions underlying the link between aberrant self-experience and self-other relationship in first-episode schizophrenia.
Switching language switches mind: linguistic effects on developmental neural bases of 'Theory of Mind'.
Organization of felt and seen pain responses in anterior cingulate cortex.
Reduced microstructural integrity of the white matter underlying anterior cingulate cortex is associated with increased saccadic latency in schizophrenia.
Structural plasticity of the left caudate in bimodal bilinguals.
Developmental differences in white matter architecture between boys and girls.
Model-free analysis of brain fMRI data by recurrence quantification.
Evidence of early neurobiological alternations in adolescents with posttraumatic stress disorder: a functional MRI study
A longitudinal functional magnetic resonance imaging study of verbal working memory in depression after antidepressant therapy.
Correlation between insula activation and self-reported quality of orgasm in women.
Methylphenidate normalizes frontocingulate underactivation during error processing in attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.
A network for audio-motor coordination in skilled pianists and non-musicians.
Medial temporal lobe activations during associative memory encoding for arbitrary and semantically related object pairs.
Abnormal Hemodynamics in Schizophrenia During an Auditory Oddball Task
Brain activity in predominantly-inattentive subtype attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder during an auditory oddball attention task
I'm not as slim as that girl: neural bases of body shape self-comparison to media images.
Atrophy progression in semantic dementia with asymmetric temporal involvement: a  tensor-based morphometry study.
Full scenes produce more activation than close-up scenes and scene-diagnostic objects in parahippocampal and retrosplenial cortex: an fMRI study.
The voice of emotion: an FMRI study of neural responses to angry and happy vocal  expressions.
Prefrontal and hippocampal contributions to visual associative recognition: Interactions between cognitive control and episodic retrieval
Hierarchical coding of letter strings in the ventral stream: dissecting the inner organization of the visual word-form system.
fMRI reveals how pain modulates visual object processing in the ventral visual stream.
Maintenance of real objects and their verbal designations in working memory.
fMRI at 7 T: whole-brain coverage and signal advantages even infratentorially?
Dissociating memory networks in early Alzheimer's disease and frontotemporal lobar degeneration - a combined study of hypometabolism and atrophy.
Decomposition of working memory-related scalp ERPs: crossvalidation of fMRI-constrained source analysis and ICA.
Imaging the changing role of feedback during learning in decision-making.
Prefrontal involvement in imitation learning of hand actions: effects of practice and expertise.
A new device for tactile stimulation during fMRI.
Heritability of anterior cingulate response to conflict: an fMRI study in female  twins.
"Increasing power for voxel-wise genome-wide association studies: the random field theory, least square kernel machines and fast permutation procedures."
Relation of white matter anisotropy to visual memory in 17 healthy subjects.
Facial expression and gaze-direction in human superior temporal sulcus.
Frontal theta EEG activity correlates negatively with the default mode network in resting state.
Reading fiction and reading minds: the role of simulation in the default network.
Atypical neural substrates of Embedded Figures Task performance in children with  Autism Spectrum Disorder.
Neural correlates of the DemTect in Alzheimer's disease and frontotemporal lobar degeneration – A combined MRI & FDG-PET study☆
Inefficient executive cognitive control in schizophrenia is preceded by altered functional activation during information encoding: an fMRI study.
A parietal-temporal sensory-motor integration area for the human vocal tract: evidence from an fMRI study of skilled musicians.
Normal aging decreases regional homogeneity of the motor areas in the resting state.
Individual differences and the neural representations of reward expectation and reward prediction error.
Homosexual women have less grey matter in perirhinal cortex than heterosexual women.
Neurodevelopmental changes in verbal working memory load-dependency: an fMRI investigation.
Development of spatial and verbal working memory capacity in the human brain.
Hunger and satiety in anorexia nervosa: fMRI during cognitive processing of food  pictures.
Neural correlates associated with intermanual transfer of sensorimotor adaptation.
Impact of the COMT Val108/158 Met and DAT genotypes on prefrontal function in healthy subjects.
Brain correlates of phonological recoding of visual symbols
"Inter-relationships between attention, activation, fMR adaptation and long-term memory."
"Acute effects of nicotine administration during prospective memory, an event related fMRI study."
Impaired activation of face processing networks revealed by functional magnetic resonance imaging in 22q11.2 deletion syndrome.
Neural representation of object location and route direction: an event-related fMRI study.
Making sense of nonsense: an fMRI study of task induced inference processes during discourse comprehension.
Thinking on luxury or pragmatic brand products: Brain responses to different categories of culturally based brands.
Human brain activation in response to olfactory stimulation by intravenous administration of odorants.
Audiovisual integration of emotional signals in voice and face: an event-related  fMRI study.
Knowing when to stop: the brain mechanisms of chasing losses.
Saccular stimulation of the human cortex: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Neural mechanisms involved in the comprehension of metaphoric and literal sentences: an fMRI study.
The role of the preSMA and the rostral cingulate zone in internally selected actions.
Waiting for spiders: brain activation during anticipatory anxiety in spider phobics.
Medial prefrontal brain activation to anticipated reward and loss in obsessive–compulsive disorder☆
Supervisory experience at work is linked to low rate of hippocampal atrophy in late life.
Deactivation of the limbic system during acute psychosocial stress: evidence from positron emission tomography and functional magnetic resonance imaging studies.
The functional neuroanatomy of maternal love: mother's response to infant's attachment behaviors.
Unsupervised analysis of fMRI data using kernel canonical correlation.
Unmixing concurrent EEG-fMRI with parallel independent component analysis.
Comprehension of implicit meanings in social situations involving irony: a functional MRI study.
"Human cortical representations for reaching: mirror neurons for execution, observation, and imagery."
Impact of individual cognitive profile on visuo-motor reorganization in relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis.
Neural basis for priming of pop-out during visual search revealed with fMRI.
Resting State Functional Connectivity MRI among Spectral MEG Current Sources in Children on the Autism Spectrum.
Neural correlates of differential retrieval orientation: Sustained and item-related components.
Effects of frequent cannabis use on hippocampal activity during an associative memory task.
Individual differences in amygdala activity predict response speed during working memory.
Neural mechanisms underlying spatial judgements on seen and imagined visual stimuli in the left and right hemifields in men.
Evidence for early activation of primary motor cortex and SMA after electrical lower limb stimulation using EEG source reconstruction.
Evidence for bilateral involvement in idiom comprehension: An fMRI study.
Fronto-hippocampal function during temporal context monitoring in schizophrenia.
Time perception: manipulation of task difficulty dissociates clock functions from other cognitive demands.
A parametric fMRI investigation of context effects in sensorimotor timing and coordination.
"What versus ""where"" in the audiovisual domain: an fMRI study."
On the benefits of not trying: brain activity and connectivity reflecting the interactions of explicit and implicit sequence learning.
Letter processing automatically recruits a sensory-motor brain network.
Pathomechanisms and compensatory efforts related to Parkinsonian speech☆
Effects of aging on transient and sustained successful memory encoding activity.
Anticipation of aversive visual stimuli is associated with increased insula activation in anxiety-prone subjects.
Implicit learning deficits in dyslexic adults: an fMRI study.
Cardiorespiratory fitness: A predictor of cortical plasticity in multiple sclerosis.
Is Broca's area involved in the processing of passive sentences? An event-related fMRI study.
Differential correlation of frontal and parietal activity with the number of alternatives for cued choice saccades.
Neural correlates of memory confidence.
Making sense of discourse: an fMRI study of causal inferencing across sentences.
Functional abnormalities of the default network during self- and other-reflection in autism.
Schizophrenia and Autism as Contrasting Minds: Neural Evidence for the Hypo-Hyper-Intentionality Hypothesis
An analysis of functional neuroimaging studies of dorsolateral prefrontal cortical activity in depression.
Escitalopram effects on insula and amygdala BOLD activation during emotional processing.
Inhibitory control in high-functioning autism: decreased activation and underconnectivity in inhibition networks.
Neural networks underlying language and social cognition during self-other processing in Autism spectrum disorders.
Familiarity and conceptual priming engage distinct cortical networks.
Polygenic risk for five psychiatric disorders and cross-disorder and disorder-specific neural connectivity in two independent populations.
The effect of gender on planning: An fMRI study using the Tower of London task.
Procedural learning in schizophrenia investigated with functional magnetic resonance imaging.
The neural correlates of attention orienting in visuospatial working memory for detecting feature and conjunction changes.
Children with high functioning autism show increased prefrontal and temporal cortex activity during error monitoring.
The neural processing of moral sensitivity to issues of justice and care.
Magnetization transfer imaging reveals the brain deficit in patients with treatment-refractory depression.
Isolation of a central bottleneck of information processing with time-resolved FMRI.
Semantic ambiguity processing in sentence context: Evidence from event-related fMRI.
Dissociable effects of phonetic competition and category typicality in a phonetic categorization task: an fMRI investigation.
Amygdala reactivity predicts automatic negative evaluations for facial emotions.
Dodecapus: An MR-compatible system for somatosensory stimulation.
Structural anatomy of empathy in neurodegenerative disease.
Children with reading disorder show modality independent brain abnormalities during semantic tasks.
"Separable responses to error, ambiguity, and reaction time in cingulo-opercular task control regions."
Neural correlates of semantic priming for ambiguous words: an event-related fMRI  study.
Modulation of neural activity by angle of rotation during imagined spatial transformations.
Orienting attention to semantic categories.
Neural correlates of the object-recall process in semantic memory.
Evidence for deficient modulation of amygdala response by prefrontal cortex in bipolar mania.
Sex differences in the human olfactory system.
Fear-related activity in the prefrontal cortex increases with age during adolescence: a preliminary fMRI study.
Age-related changes in word retrieval: role of bilateral frontal and subcortical  networks.
Reactivation of medial temporal lobe and occipital lobe during the retrieval of color information: A positron emission tomography study.
Functional magnetic resonance imaging study of cognitive control in the healthy relatives of schizophrenia patients.
Test-retest study of fMRI signal change evoked by electroacupuncture stimulation.
A role for the precuneus in thought–action fusion: Evidence from participants with significant obsessive–compulsive symptoms☆
The impact of processing load on emotion.
Neural correlates of working memory dysfunction in first-episode schizophrenia patients: an fMRI multi-center study.
Extra-classical receptive field effects measured in striate cortex with fMRI.
"Cerebral correlates of the ""Kohnstamm phenomenon"": an fMRI study."
Cerebellar involvement in verb generation: an fMRI study.
An fMRI approach to particularize the frontoparietal network for visuomotor action monitoring: Detection of incongruence between test subjects' actions and resulting perceptions.
Observing complex action sequences: The role of the fronto-parietal mirror neuron system.
Neural correlates of a 'pessimistic' attitude when anticipating events of unknown emotional valence.
Motor imagery of complex everyday movements. An fMRI study.
Structural alterations of the social brain: a comparison between schizophrenia and autism.
Neural correlates of metaphor processing in schizophrenia.
The intrinsic functional organization of the brain is altered in autism.
Complex spatio-temporal dynamics of fMRI BOLD: A study of motor learning.
Sources of group differences in functional connectivity: an investigation applied to autism spectrum disorder.
Performance on an episodic encoding task yields further insight into functional brain development.
Functional and anatomical cortical underconnectivity in autism: evidence from an  FMRI study of an executive function task and corpus callosum morphometry.
Delayed and disorganised brain activation detected with magnetoencephalography after mild traumatic brain injury
Anterolateral prefrontal cortex mediates the analgesic effect of expected and perceived control over pain.
"The local, global, and neural aspects of visuospatial processing in autism spectrum disorders."
Motor brain regions are involved in the encoding of delayed intentions: a fMRI study.
Social-cognitive brain function and connectivity during visual perspective-taking in autism and schizophrenia.
Neural mechanisms for response selection: comparing selection of responses and items from working memory.
Social stimuli interfere with cognitive control in autism.
The neural substrates of cognitive control deficits in autism spectrum disorders.
The integration of prosodic speech in high functioning autism: a preliminary FMRI study.
"Functional connectivity for an ""island of sparing"" in autism spectrum disorder: an fMRI study of visual search."
Brain responses to dynamic facial expressions of pain.
Neural indices of improved attentional modulation over middle childhood.
Prediction of individual clinical scores in patients with Parkinson's disease using resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Nonlinear neurobiological probability weighting functions for aversive outcomes.
Caught in the act: the impact of audience on the neural response to morally and socially inappropriate behavior.
Neural substrates of sarcasm: a functional magnetic-resonance imaging study.
Multisensory integration for timing engages different brain networks.
Age effects on load-dependent brain activations in working memory for novel material.
Atypical activation during the Embedded Figures Task as a functional magnetic resonance imaging endophenotype of autism.
Mechanisms of top-down facilitation in perception of visual objects studied by FMRI.
Cortical correlates of TMS-induced phantom hand movements revealed with concurrent TMS-fMRI.
Imaging gene-substance interactions: the effect of the DRD2 TaqIA polymorphism and the dopamine agonist bromocriptine on the brain activation during the anticipation of reward.
"Brain Activity During the Encoding, Retention, and Retrieval of Stimulus Representations"
When sex meets syntactic gender on a neural basis during pronoun processing.
Gastric fundic distension activates fronto-limbic structures but not primary somatosensory cortex: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Episodic encoding is more than the sum of its parts: an fMRI investigation of multifeatural contextual encoding.
The impact of serotonin transporter genotype on default network connectivity in children and adolescents with autism spectrum disorders☆
Evidence for a different role of the ventral and dorsal medial prefrontal cortex  for social reactive aggression: An interactive fMRI study.
Neural responses to non-native phonemes varying in producibility: evidence for the sensorimotor nature of speech perception.
How necessary are the stripes of a tiger? Diagnostic and characteristic features  in an fMRI study of word meaning.
Neural mechanisms of response inhibition and impulsivity in 22q11.2 deletion carriers and idiopathic attention deficit hyperactivity disorder☆
Remembering the past and imagining the future: common and distinct neural substrates during event construction and elaboration.
Individual differences in symptom severity and behavior predict neural activation during face processing in adolescents with autism.
The effect of handedness on cortical motor activation during simple bilateral movements.
Amygdala activation at 3T in response to human and avatar facial expressions of emotions.
The spatial distribution and temporal dynamics of brain regions activated during  the perception of object and non-object patterns.
Functional alterations in neural substrates of geometric reasoning in adults with high-functioning autism.
Probing overtly spoken language at sentential level: a comprehensive high-field BOLD-fMRI protocol reflecting everyday language demands.
Spatiotemporal analysis of feedback processing during a card sorting task using spatially filtered MEG.
The interaction between orthographic and phonological information in children: an fMRI study.
Sex differences and autism: brain function during verbal fluency and mental rotation.
"Temporal lobe interictal epileptic discharges affect cerebral activity in ""default mode"" brain regions."
Object identification and lexical/semantic access in children: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study of word-picture matching.
Increased topographical variability of task-related activation in perceptive and  motor associative regions in adult autistics.
Diffusion tensor studies dissociated two fronto-temporal pathways in the human memory system.
Common and distinct neural features of social and non-social reward processing in autism and social anxiety disorder.
Neural correlates of transmeatal cochlear laser (TCL) stimulation in healthy human subjects.
Reward value coding distinct from risk attitude-related uncertainty coding in human reward systems.
Age-related connectivity changes in fMRI data from children listening to stories.
Under-reactive but easily distracted: An fMRI investigation of attentional capture in autism spectrum disorder.
How default is the default mode of brain function? Further evidence from intrinsic BOLD signal fluctuations.
Correlates of movement initiation and velocity in Parkinson's disease: A longitudinal PET study.
Levels-of-processing effects in first-degree relatives of individuals with schizophrenia.
Brain mu-opioid receptor binding predicts treatment outcome in cocaine-abusing outpatients.
Using a self-organizing map algorithm to detect age-related changes in functional connectivity during rest in autism spectrum disorders.
Separating subjective emotion from the perception of emotion-inducing stimuli: an fMRI study.
Learning-related changes of brain activation in the visual ventral stream: an fMRI study of mirror reading skill.
Functional activation in parieto-premotor and visual areas dependent on congruency between hand movement and visual stimuli during motor-visual priming.
Policy adjustment in a dynamic economic game.
Decreased white-matter density in a left-sided fronto-temporal network in children with developmental language disorder: evidence for anatomical anomalies  in a motor-language network.
"Increased left prefrontal activation in patients with unipolar depression: an event-related, parametric, performance-controlled fMRI study."
Anatomical and functional alterations in semantic dementia: a voxel-based MRI and PET study.
Towards natural stimulation in fMRI--issues of data analysis.
Young adult stimulant users' increased striatal activation during uncertainty is  related to impulsivity.
The role of the posterior superior temporal sulcus in the processing of unmarked  transitivity.
Selection and maintenance of stimulus-response rules during preparation and performance of a spatial choice-reaction task.
Children's and adults' neural bases of verbal and nonverbal 'theory of mind'.
Neural basis of self and other representation in autism: an FMRI study of self-face recognition.
Model-free characterization of brain functional networks for motor sequence learning using fMRI.
Human brain activity associated with audiovisual perception and attention.
Neural correlates of processing facial identity based on features versus their spacing.
The neural circuitry underlying the executive control of auditory spatial attention.
Effects of an opioid (proenkephalin) polymorphism on neural response to errors in health and cocaine use disorder.
Placebo analgesia is accompanied by large reductions in pain-related brain activity in irritable bowel syndrome patients.
Neural correlates of “social gaze” processing in high-functioning autism under systematic variation of gaze duration☆
BOLD coherence reveals segregated functional neural interactions when adapting to distinct torque perturbations.
A functional endophenotype for sexual orientation in humans.
Reduced cortical activity during maximal bilateral contractions of the index finger.
Top-down processes during auditory phoneme categorization in dyslexia: a PET study.
Human choline transporter gene variation is associated with corticolimbic reactivity and autonomic-cholinergic function.
Mentalizing and motivation neural function during social interactions in autism spectrum disorders☆
The role of the basal ganglia and cerebellum in language processing.
Posture influences motor imagery: an fMRI study.
Developmental differences in the neural bases of the face inversion effect show progressive tuning of face-selective regions to the upright orientation.
Atypical [corrected] participation of visual cortex during word processing in autism: an fMRI study of semantic decision.
Hemispheric asymmetries in eye-hand coordination.
Neural mechanisms of behavioral change in young adults with high‐functioning autism receiving virtual reality social cognition training: A pilot study
Scanning for the scanner: FMRI of audition by read-out omissions from echo-planar imaging.
Error-likelihood prediction in the medial frontal cortex: a critical evaluation.
Modulation of Craving Related Brain Responses Using Real-Time fMRI in Patients with Alcohol Use Disorder.
Recall of fear extinction in humans activates the ventromedial prefrontal cortex  and hippocampus in concert.
Cingulate activation increases dynamically with response speed under stimulus unpredictability.
Brain imaging correlates of depressive symptom severity and predictors of symptom improvement after antidepressant treatment.
Functional organization of perisylvian activation during presentation of sentences in preverbal infants.
Atypical activation of the mirror neuron system during perception of hand motion  in autism.
A neural network reflecting individual differences in cognitive processing of emotions during perceptual decision making.
Resting-state functional connectivity in major depression: abnormally increased contributions from subgenual cingulate cortex and thalamus.
"5-HT, prefrontal function and aging: fMRI of inhibition and acute tryptophan depletion."
Impact of emotional salience on episodic memory in attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Functional disconnections in the direct and indirect amygdala pathways for fear processing in schizophrenia.
"Mesolimbic recruitment by nondrug rewards in detoxified alcoholics: effort anticipation, reward anticipation, and reward delivery."
Neural bases for impaired social cognition in schizophrenia and autism spectrum disorders.
Weaker top-down modulation from the left inferior frontal gyrus in children.
Neocerebellar contributions to social perception in adolescents with autism spectrum disorder.
Neural responses to emotional expression information in high- and low-spatial frequency in autism: evidence for a cortical dysfunction.
Neural correlates for learning to read Roman numerals.
Sex differences in the development of neuroanatomical functional connectivity underlying intelligence found using Bayesian connectivity analysis.
Support for an auto-associative model of spoken cued recall: evidence from fMRI.
Modulation of emotion by cognition and cognition by emotion.
Pupillary contagion: central mechanisms engaged in sadness processing.
"Cortical trapping of alpha-[(11)C]methyl-l-tryptophan, an index of serotonin synthesis, is lower in females than males."
D2 antidopaminergic modulation of frontal lobe function in healthy human subjects.
Neuroanatomical correlates of personality in the elderly.
Neural correlates of moral reasoning in autism spectrum disorder.
Effects of syntactic complexity in L1 and L2; an fMRI study of Korean-English bilinguals.
Brain activation patterns during a selective attention test--a functional MRI study in healthy volunteers and unmedicated patients during an acute episode of schizophrenia.
A magnitude code common to numerosities and number symbols in human intraparietal cortex.
Activation of the posterior cingulate by semantic priming: a co-registered ERP/fMRI study.
Perirhinal cortex activity during visual object discrimination: an event-related  fMRI study.
Time-varying amygdala response to emotional faces in generalized social phobia.
Neural correlates of language comprehension in autism spectrum disorders: when language conflicts with world knowledge.
Altered functional connectivity of the language network in ASD: Role of classical language areas and cerebellum☆
Factors affecting the hippocampal BOLD response during spatial memory.
Neural correlates of error awareness.
Load response functions in the human spatial working memory circuit during location memory updating.
Anterior cingulate and prefrontal cortex activity in an FMRI study of trial-to-trial adjustments on the Simon task.
Neural responses to grammatically and lexically degraded speech
Traces of vocabulary acquisition in the brain: Evidence from covert object naming.
Reaction Time Variability and Related Brain Activity in Methamphetamine Psychosis.
The subcortical role of language processing. High level linguistic features such  as ambiguity-resolution and the human brain; an fMRI study.
Neuroanatomical correlates of penile erection evoked by photographic stimuli in human males.
Conflict anticipation in alcohol dependence - A model-based fMRI study of stop signal task.
Neural substrates of knowledge of hand postures for object grasping and functional object use: evidence from fMRI.
fMRI investigation of working memory for faces in autism: visual coding and underconnectivity with frontal areas.
Contribution of the frontal lobe to externally and internally specified verbal responses: fMRI evidence.
Motor ontology in representing gaze-object relations.
Oral methylphenidate normalizes cingulate activity in cocaine addiction during a  salient cognitive task.
Brain responses to emotional salience and reward in alcohol use disorder.
Neural correlates of symbolic and non-symbolic arithmetic
A cardiac signature of emotionality.
The Neural Correlates of Similarity- and Rule-based Generalization.
Emotional context modulates subsequent memory effect.
Neural mechanisms underlying probabilistic category learning in normal aging.
Neural correlates of semantic associations in patients with schizophrenia.
Erythropoietin enhances hippocampal response during memory retrieval in humans.
Functional topography of the secondary somatosensory cortex for nonpainful and painful stimuli: an fMRI study.
Material-dependent and material-independent selection processes in the frontal and parietal lobes: an event-related fMRI investigation of response competition.
Anatomy of motor learning. I. Frontal cortex and attention to action.
Visual and semantic processing of living things and artifacts: an FMRI study.
Topiramate modulates trigeminal pain processing in thalamo-cortical networks in humans after single dose administration.
Food-related neural circuitry in Prader-Willi syndrome: response to high- versus  low-calorie foods.
Mapping neurotransmitter networks with PET: an example on serotonin and opioid systems.
fMRI activation during spike and wave discharges evoked by photic stimulation.
Mindfulness-related differences in neural response to own infant negative versus  positive emotion contexts.
Dissociating the effect of noise on sensory processing and overall decision difficulty.
Distinct and overlapping fusiform activation to faces and food.
An anatomical landmark for the supplementary eye fields in human revealed with functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Lesion-Symptom Mapping of Self-Prioritization in Explicit Face Categorization: Distinguishing Hypo- and Hyper-Self-Biases.
An early attentional bias to BEGIN-stimuli of the smoking ritual is accompanied with mesocorticolimbic deactivations in smokers.
Neuroanatomical Correlates of Theory of Mind Deficit in Parkinson's Disease: A Multimodal Imaging Study.
Depicting the inner and outer nose: The representation of the nose and the nasal  mucosa on the human primary somatosensory cortex (SI).
Distinguishable neurofunctional effects of task practice and item practice in picture naming: a BOLD fMRI study in healthy subjects.
Differential activation of the striatum for decision making and outcomes in a monetary task with gain and loss.
Beyond natural numbers: negative number representation in parietal cortex.
Detection and localization of focal cortical dysplasia by voxel-based 3-D MRI analysis.
Parietal cortex mediates voluntary control of spatial and nonspatial auditory attention.
Memory and brain volume in adults prenatally exposed to alcohol.
Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation Modulates Activation and Effective Connectivity During Spatial Navigation
Object representations for multiple visual categories overlap in lateral occipital and medial fusiform cortex.
Tuning of the visual word processing system: distinct developmental ERP and fMRI  effects.
Changes in brain activation patterns associated with learning of Korean words by  Japanese: an fMRI study.
Reduced Neural Differentiation Between Feedback Conditions After Bimanual Coordination Training with and without Augmented Visual Feedback.
"Modality-specific perceptual expectations selectively modulate baseline activity  in auditory, somatosensory, and visual cortices."
Functions of Learning Rate in Adaptive Reward Learning.
Systems neuroplasticity in the aging brain: recruiting additional neural resources for successful motor performance in elderly persons.
Intracortically distributed neurovascular coupling relationships within and between human somatosensory cortices.
Why are smiles contagious? An fMRI study of the interaction between perception of facial affect and facial movements.
A novel fMRI paradigm suggests that pedaling-related brain activation is altered  after stroke.
Prediction of human actions: Expertise and task-related effects on neural activation of the action observation network.
Visual topography of human intraparietal sulcus.
Interference and problem size effect in multiplication fact solving: Individual differences in brain activations and arithmetic performance.
Left superior parietal cortex involvement in writing: integrating fMRI with lesion evidence.
Neural activation during an explicit categorization task: category- or feature-specific effects?
Neuroarchitecture of verbal and tonal working memory in nonmusicians and musicians.
As time goes by: temporal constraints on emotional activation of inferior medial  prefrontal cortex.
Neural and psychological maturation of decision-making in adolescence and young adulthood.
Inter-individual discount factor differences in reward prediction are topographically associated with caudate activation.
Understanding low reliability of memories for neutral information encoded under stress: alterations in memory-related activation in the hippocampus and midbrain.
Probing the Cognitive Mechanism of Mental Representational Change During Chunk Decomposition: A Parametric fMRI Study.
Robust inter-subject audiovisual decoding in functional magnetic resonance imaging using high-dimensional regression.
The neural bases of word encoding and retrieval: A fMRI-guided transcranial magnetic stimulation study.
Inferring false beliefs from the actions of oneself and others: an fMRI study.
Weak Higher-Order Interactions in Macroscopic Functional Networks of the Resting  Brain.
Self-regulating positive emotion networks by feedback of multiple emotional brain states using real-time fMRI.
Short-term test-retest reliability of resting state fMRI metrics in children with and without attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.
Structural brain differences and cognitive functioning related to body mass index in older females.
Visual system integrity and cognition in early Huntington's disease.
Genetic variation in CACNA1C affects neural processing in major depression
Representation of response alternatives in human presupplementary motor area: Multi-voxel pattern analysis in a go/no-go task
Neural Mechanisms of Brain Plasticity with Complex Cognitive Training in Healthy  Seniors.
Linking neuroscientific research on decision making to the educational context of novice students assigned to a multiple-choice scientific task involving common misconceptions about electrical circuit
Identifying Cognitive States Using Regularity Partitions.
Morphology and the internal structure of words.
Network-level dysconnectivity in patients with nasopharyngeal carcinoma (NPC) early post-radiotherapy: longitudinal resting state fMRI study.
"The role of age of acquisition and language usage in early, high-proficient bilinguals: an fMRI study during verbal fluency."
Neuroimaging of Reading Intervention: A Systematic Review and Activation Likelihood Estimate Meta-Analysis
Modulation of Orthographic Decoding by Frontal Cortex.
Observing learned object-specific functional grasps preferentially activates the  ventral stream.
fMRI differences in encoding and retrieval of pictures due to encoding strategy in the elderly.
fMRI methods for proximal upper limb joint motor testing and identification of undesired mirror movement after stroke.
Cortical intercorrelations of temporal area volumes in schizophrenia.
Rostral anterior cingulate cortex dysfunction during error processing in schizophrenia.
Functional interactions guiding adaptive processing of behavioral significance.
Differences in verbal memory retrieval in breast cancer chemotherapy patients compared to healthy controls: a prospective fMRI study.
Neural correlates of probabilistic category learning in patients with schizophrenia.
The organization of intrinsic brain activity differs between genders: a resting-state fMRI study in a large cohort of young healthy subjects.
Placebo treatment can alter primary visual cortex activity and connectivity
Spontaneous neuronal activity predicts intersubject variations in executive control of attention
Temporal dynamics of basal ganglia under-recruitment in Parkinson's disease: transient caudate abnormalities during updating of working memory.
Association between habenula dysfunction and motivational symptoms in unmedicated major depressive disorder.
Dissociation between overt and unconscious face processing in fusiform face area.
Is there an anatomical basis for category-specificity? Semantic memory studies in PET and fMRI.
Dopaminergic modulation of resting-state functional connectivity in de novo patients with Parkinson's disease.
Categorical speech processing in Broca's area: an fMRI study using multivariate pattern-based analysis.
Motor recovery and microstructural change in rubro-spinal tract in subcortical stroke
MRI Default Mode Network Connectivity is Associated with Functional Outcome after Cardiopulmonary Arrest
Pretreatment brain states identify likely nonresponse to standard treatments for depression
Neuronal modulation of auditory attention by informative and uninformative spatial cues.
Attention supports verbal short-term memory via competition between dorsal and ventral attention networks.
Dissociation of response inhibition and performance monitoring in the stop signal task using event-related fMRI.
Amygdala responses to nonlinguistic emotional vocalizations.
Crossmodal Integration Enhances Neural Representation of Task-Relevant Features in Audiovisual Face Perception.
An fMRI study of anterior cingulate function in posttraumatic stress disorder.
Cerebral Correlates of Emotional and Action Appraisals During Visual Processing of Emotional Scenes Depending on Spatial Frequency: A Pilot Study.
An fMRI study of the differences in brain activity during active ankle dorsiflexion and plantarflexion.
Deciding when to decide: time-variant sequential sampling models explain the emergence of value-based decisions in the human brain.
Visuo-haptic neuronal convergence demonstrated with an inversely effective pattern of BOLD activation.
How the brain repairs stuttering.
Brain activation during sight gags and language-dependent humor.
"Dysfunction of ventral striatal reward prediction in schizophrenic patients treated with typical, not atypical, neuroleptics."
Brainstem and cerebellar fMRI-activation during horizontal and vertical optokinetic stimulation.
A state-space model of the hemodynamic approach: nonlinear filtering of BOLD signals.
Brain imaging in awake infants by near-infrared optical topography.
Topographical functional connectivity pattern in the perisylvian language networks.
"Intrinsic brain subsystem associated with dietary restraint, disinhibition and hunger: an fMRI study."
Reciprocal modulation and attenuation in the prefrontal cortex: an fMRI study on  emotional-cognitive interaction.
Regional response differences across the human amygdaloid complex during social conditioning.
A coordinate-based ALE functional MRI meta-analysis of brain activation during verbal fluency tasks in healthy control subjects
"Cognitive control, attention, and the other race effect in memory."
Functional connectivity alternation of the thalamus in restless legs syndrome patients during the asymptomatic period: a resting-state connectivity study using functional magnetic resonance imaging
Neural correlates of tactile prepulse inhibition: a functional MRI study in normal and schizophrenic subjects.
5-HTTLPR and COMTval158met genotype gate amygdala reactivity and habituation.
Goal-selection and movement-related conflict during bimanual reaching movements.
"Shindigs, brunches, and rodeos: the neural basis of event words."
Interest in politics modulates neural activity in the amygdala and ventral striatum.
Short- and long-term reliability of language fMRI.
The blame game: the effect of responsibility and social stigma on empathy for pain.
DRD4 VNTR polymorphism is associated with transient fMRI-BOLD responses to smoking cues.
The effect of action observation/execution on mirror neuron system recruitment: an fMRI study in healthy individuals.
Distinct functional contributions of primary sensory and association areas to audiovisual integration in object categorization.
Reduced functional connectivity in a right-hemisphere network for volitional ocular motor control in schizophrenia.
Neural correlates of rule-based and information-integration visual category learning.
Event-related fMRI study of response inhibition.
Delayed striate cortical activation during spatial attention.
Acute stress-induced cortisol elevations mediate reward system activity during subconscious processing of sexual stimuli
Grapheme-color synesthesia interferes with color perception in a standard Stroop task
Endogenous-cue prospective memory involving incremental updating of working memory: an fMRI study.
Prefrontally-mediated alterations in the retrieval of negative events: Links to memory vividness across the adult lifespan.
Neural substrates for functionally discriminating self-face from personally familiar faces.
Effector-dependent activity in the left dorsal premotor cortex in motor imagery.
Altered effective connectivity and anomalous anatomy in the basal ganglia-thalamocortical circuit of stuttering speakers.
Separate valuation subsystems for delay and effort decision costs.
Neural correlates of species-typical illogical cognitive bias in human inference.
White Matter Damage Disorganizes Brain Functional Networks in Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment
Activation in Context: Differential Conclusions Drawn from Cross-Sectional and Longitudinal Analyses of Adolescents' Cognitive Control-Related Neural Activity.
Two mechanisms of protracted reaction times mediated by dissociable cortical networks.
Robust regression for large-scale neuroimaging studies.
Plastic modulation of PTSD resting-state networks by EEG neurofeedback
Empathy for pain-related dorsolateral prefrontal activity is modulated by angry face perception.
Frontoparietal mechanisms supporting attention to location and intensity of painful stimuli.
Dissociable neural activity to self- vs. externally administered thermal hyperalgesia: a parametric fMRI study.
Fractionating the default mode network: distinct contributions of the ventral and dorsal posterior cingulate cortex to cognitive control.
Structural similarity exerts opposing effects on perceptual differentiation and categorization: an FMRI study.
Neural correlates of empathic accuracy in adolescence.
Switch-Independent Task Representations in Frontal and Parietal Cortex.
Executive control of spatial attention shifts in the auditory compared to the visual modality.
Remember the source: dissociating frontal and parietal contributions to episodic  memory.
Forebrain organization representing baroreceptor gating of somatosensory afferents within the cortical autonomic network.
FUNCTIONAL CONNECTIVITY OF HIPPOCAMPAL NETWORKS IN TEMPORAL LOBE EPILEPSY
Hand-independent representation of tool-use pantomimes in the left anterior intraparietal cortex.
Individualized Functional Parcellation of the Human Amygdala Using a Semi-supervised Clustering Method: A 7T Resting State fMRI Study.
Age-related increase of image-invariance in the fusiform face area.
Effects of overnight fasting on working memory-related brain network: An fMRI study.
End effects and cross-dimensional interference in identification of time and length: Evidence for a common memory mechanism.
Bidirectional effects on interhemispheric resting-state functional connectivity induced by excitatory and inhibitory repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation.
Transfer after Dual n-Back Training Depends on Striatal Activation Change.
Brain regional homogeneity changes following transjugular intrahepatic portosystemic shunt in cirrhotic patients support cerebral adaptability theory—A resting-state functional MRI study
Sensory and cognitive mechanisms for preattentive change detection in auditory cortex.
Neural responses during the anticipation and receipt of olfactory reward and punishment in human.
Unpleasant odors increase pain processing in a patient with neuropathic pain: psychophysical and fMRI investigation.
A neural mechanism mediating the impact of episodic prospection on farsighted decisions.
Facial emotion modulates the neural mechanisms responsible for short interval time perception.
Dysfunctional neural networks associated with impaired social interactions in early psychosis: an ICA analysis.
Marijuana use is associated with a reorganized visual-attention network and cerebellar hypoactivation.
Decision making by methamphetamine-dependent subjects is associated with error-rate-independent decrease in prefrontal and parietal activation.
Effect of acute tryptophan depletion on pre-frontal engagement.
Self vs. other: Neural correlates underlying agent identification based on unimodal auditory information as revealed by electrotomography (sLORETA)
Functional connectivity separates switching operations in the posterior lateral frontal cortex.
Changes in regional and temporal patterns of activity associated with aging during the performance of a lexical set-shifting task.
Load modulation of BOLD response and connectivity predicts working memory performance in younger and older adults.
Dissociating the Neural Basis of Conceptual Self-Awareness from Perceptual Awareness and Unaware Self-Processing.
Relating Inter-Individual Differences in Verbal Creative Thinking to Cerebral Structures: An Optimal Voxel-Based Morphometry Study
Statistical mapping analysis of lesion location and neurological disability in multiple sclerosis: application to 452 patient data sets.
Tactile motion activates the human middle temporal/V5 (MT/V5) complex.
The balanced mind: the variability of task-unrelated thoughts predicts error monitoring
Non redundant functional brain connectivity in schizophrenia.
"Increased ""default mode"" activity in adolescents prenatally exposed to cocaine."
The mental simulation of state/psychological verbs in the adolescent brain: An fMRI study.
Age-related reduction of adaptive brain response during semantic integration is associated with gray matter reduction.
Subclinical maternal depressive symptoms modulate right inferior frontal response to inferring affective mental states of adults but not of infants.
Complex Regional Pain Syndrome Is Associated With Structural Abnormalities in Pain-Related Regions of the Human Brain
Lesion side matters — An fMRI study on the association between neural correlates of watching dynamic fearful faces and their evaluation in patients with temporal lobe epilepsy
Separate processing of texture and form in the ventral stream: evidence from FMRI and visual agnosia.
Altered oscillation patterns and connectivity during picture naming in autism
Assessing the Neural Correlates of Task-unrelated Thoughts during Episodic Encoding and Their Association with Subsequent Memory in Young and Older Adults.
Reading skills after left anterior temporal lobe resection: an fMRI study.
Neural basis for semantic memory difficulty in Alzheimer's disease: an fMRI study.
Frequency-dependent alterations in the amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations in social anxiety disorder.
Maternal Systemic Interleukin-6 During Pregnancy Is Associated With Newborn Amygdala Phenotypes and Subsequent Behavior at 2 Years of Age.
Differential effects of semantic processing on memory encoding.
Short time sports exercise boosts motor imagery patterns: implications of mental  practice in rehabilitation programs.
How many forms of perseveration? Evidence from cancellation tasks in right hemisphere patients
"Evaluation of cognition, structural, and functional MRI in juvenile myoclonic epilepsy."
"Regional white matter hyperintensities: aging, AD risk, and cognitive function"
Neural mechanisms of risky decision making in adolescents reporting frequent alcohol and/or marijuana use.
Common brain areas engaged in false belief reasoning and visual perspective taking: a meta-analysis of functional brain imaging studies
Individual Differences in Attentional Bias Associated with Cocaine Dependence Are Related to Varying Engagement of Neural Processing Networks
Altered emotion processing circuits during the anticipation of emotional stimuli  in women with borderline personality disorder.
The role of the cerebellum in sub- and supraliminal error correction during sensorimotor synchronization: evidence from fMRI and TMS.
Linearity of the fMRI response in category-selective regions of human visual cortex.
Neural Responses of Posterior to Anterior Movement on Lumbar Vertebrae: A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
"Reduced cortical thickness, surface area in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: a surface-based morphometry and neuropsychological study."
Olfactory performance acts as a cognitive reserve in non-demented patients with Parkinson's disease
Menstrual cycle effects on selective attention and its underlying cortical networks
Multiple roles for executive control in belief-desire reasoning: distinct neural  networks are recruited for self perspective inhibition and complexity of reasoning.
"Characterizing the normative profile of 18F-FDG PET brain imaging: Sex difference, aging effect, and cognitive reserve"
Brain imaging of mechanically induced muscle versus cutaneous pain.
Left Anterior Temporal Lobe and Bilateral Anterior Cingulate Cortex Are Semantic  Hub Regions: Evidence from Behavior-Nodal Degree Mapping in Brain-Damaged Patients.
Regional brain activation changes and abnormal functional connectivity of the ventrolateral prefrontal cortex during working memory processing in adults with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.
Outcome Uncertainty and Brain Activity Aberrance in the Insula and Anterior Cingulate Cortex Are Associated with Dysfunctional Impulsivity in Borderline Personality Disorder.
"Brain Gray Matter Abnormalities in First-Episode, Treatment-Naive Children with Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder."
Interactions of pain intensity and cognitive load: the brain stays on task.
Memory retrieval of smoking-related images induce greater insula activation as revealed by an fMRI based delayed matching to sample task
"Patterns of brain activity supporting autobiographical memory, prospection, and theory of mind, and their relationship to the default mode network."
Computational principles of syntax in the regions specialized for language: integrating theoretical linguistics and functional neuroimaging.
Hierarchical processing of sound location and motion in the human brainstem and planum temporale.
Phonemic manipulation in Japanese: an fMRI study.
Changes in effective connectivity models in the presence of task-correlated motion: an fMRI study.
Alter spontaneous activity in amygdala and vmPFC during fear consolidation following 24h sleep deprivation.
Changes in brain functional connectivity patterns are driven by an individual lesion in MS: a resting-state fMRI study.
"A two-part preliminary investigation of encoding-related activation changes after moderate to severe traumatic brain injury: hyperactivation, repetition suppression, and the role of the prefrontal cor"
Brain activation in teenagers with isolated spelling disorder during tasks involving spelling assessment and comparison of pseudowords. fMRI study
MEG activity related to conscious perception is stable within individuals across years but not between individuals
Ecphory of autobiographical memories: an fMRI study of recent and remote memory retrieval.
The neural development of conditional reasoning in children: Different mechanisms for assessing the logical validity and likelihood of conclusions.
Impact of the virtual reality on the neural representation of an environment.
Self-regulation of the anterior insula: Reinforcement learning using real-time fMRI neurofeedback
Perceptual influence on bimanual coordination: an fMRI study.
At the rhythm of language: brain bases of language-related frequency perception in children.
The association between the Val158Met polymorphism of the catechol-O-methyl transferase gene and morphological abnormalities of the brain in chronic schizophrenia.
Neural correlates of tic generation in Tourette syndrome: an event-related functional MRI study.
The neural basis of the bilateral distribution advantage.
Sex differences in lateralization revealed in the posterior language areas.
Lexical olfaction recruits olfactory orbitofrontal cortex in metaphorical and literal contexts.
Dynamical intrinsic functional architecture of the brain during absence seizures.
High-sensitivity neuroimaging biomarkers for the identification of amnestic mild  cognitive impairment based on resting-state fMRI and a triple network model.
Brain correlates of constituent structure in sign language comprehension.
Frequency effects of Chinese character processing in the brain: an event-related  fMRI study.
Turning visual shapes into sounds: Early stages of reading acquisition revealed in the ventral occipitotemporal cortex
The neural basis of kinesthetic and visual imagery in sports: an ALE meta - analysis.
Cognitive flexibility in internet addicts: fMRI evidence from difficult-to-easy and easy-to-difficult switching situations
Post-error behavioral adjustments are facilitated by activation and suppression of task-relevant and task-irrelevant information processing.
Eyes open and eyes closed as rest conditions: impact on brain activation patterns.
APOE status modulates the changes in network connectivity induced by brain stimulation in non-demented elders.
Evidence for compensation for stuttering by the right frontal operculum.
Determining hierarchical functional networks from auditory stimuli fMRI.
Controlling human striatal cognitive function via the frontal cortex.
Regional brain response to faces of humans and dogs.
Individual differences in threat sensitivity predict serotonergic modulation of amygdala response to fearful faces.
Bihemispheric leftward bias in a visuospatial attention-related network.
Age effects in storage and extinction of a naturally acquired conditioned eyeblink response
Functional magnetic resonance imaging of BDNF val66met polymorphism in unmedicated subjects at high genetic risk of schizophrenia performing a verbal memory task.
Simultaneous EEG and fMRI reveals a causally connected subcortical-cortical network during reward anticipation.
Understanding interpersonal action coordination: an fMRI study.
The neural substrate for working memory of tactile surface texture.
Neural correlates associated with impaired disgust processing in pre-symptomatic  Huntington's disease.
Dissociating the spatio-temporal characteristics of cortical neuronal activity associated with human volitional swallowing in the healthy adult brain.
Functional segregation of the temporal lobes into highly differentiated subsystems for auditory perception: an auditory rapid event-related fMRI-task.
Brain stimulation improves cognitive control by modulating medial-frontal activity and preSMA-vmPFC functional connectivity.
Nonlinear estimation of neural processing time from BOLD signal with application  to decision-making.
Cortical Plasticity after Cochlear Implantation
Tactile discrimination of grating orientation: fMRI activation patterns.
The phenomenology of error processing: the dorsal ACC response to stop-signal errors tracks reports of negative affect.
Medial Parietal Cortex Activation Related to Attention Control Involving Alcohol Cues
Modulation of neural response to happy and sad faces by acute tryptophan depletion.
Temporal and extratemporal BOLD responses to temporal lobe interictal spikes.
"Decreased language lateralization is characteristic of psychosis, not auditory hallucinations."
Dissociable amygdala and orbitofrontal responses during reversal fear conditioning.
Bipolar depressed patients show both failure to activate and failure to de-activate during performance of a working memory task.
Dynamic modulation of intrinsic functional connectivity by transcranial direct current stimulation.
Resting-state connectivity in the prodromal phase of schizophrenia: Insights from EEG microstates
One-way traffic: The inferior frontal gyrus controls brain activation in the middle temporal gyrus and inferior parietal lobule during divergent thinking.
Functional specificity in the motor system: Evidence from coupled fMRI and kinematic recordings during letter and digit writing.
Brain activation for response inhibition under gaming cue distraction in internet gaming disorder
Segregation of somatosensory activation in the human rolandic cortex using fMRI.
Assignment of functional activations to probabilistic cytoarchitectonic areas revisited.
The neural correlates of person familiarity. A functional magnetic resonance imaging study with clinical implications.
An FMRI study of the role of the medial temporal lobe in implicit and explicit sequence learning.
Differential roles of right temporal cortex and Broca's area in pitch processing: evidence from music and Mandarin.
Where the mass counts: common cortical activation for different kinds of nonsingularity.
Amygdala alterations during an emotional conflict task in women recovered from anorexia nervosa.
Trial-to-trial Adaptation: Parsing out the Roles of Cerebellum and BG in Predictive Motor Timing.
Evoked effective connectivity of the human neocortex.
Neural fate of seen and unseen faces in visuospatial neglect: a combined event-related functional MRI and event-related potential study.
Prior perceptual processing enhances the effect of emotional arousal on the neural correlates of memory retrieval
Action Categories in Lateral Occipitotemporal Cortex Are Organized Along Sociality and Transitivity.
Human MST but not MT responds to tactile stimulation.
"Similar cerebral networks in language, music and song perception."
Neural correlates of 'distracting' from emotion during autobiographical recollection.
Neural correlates of ideomotor effect anticipations
Distributed Neural Activity Patterns during Human-to-Human Competition.
Learning-dependent plasticity in human auditory cortex during appetitive operant  conditioning.
Striatum and Insula Dysfunction during Reinforcement Learning Differentiates Abstinent and Relapsed Methamphetamine Dependent Individuals
Frontal Lobe Epilepsy Alters Functional Connections Within the Brain's Motor Network: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Unawareness of deficits in Alzheimer's disease: role of the cingulate cortex.
Ventral and dorsal stream interactions during the perception of the Muller-Lyer illusion: evidence derived from fMRI and dynamic causal modeling.
Methylphenidate has differential effects on blood oxygenation level-dependent signal related to cognitive subprocesses of reversal learning.
The interaction between 5-HTTLPR and stress exposure influences connectivity of the executive control and default mode brain networks.
Effect of Error Augmentation on Brain Activation and Motor Learning of a Complex  Locomotor Task.
Prior knowledge influences on hippocampus and medial prefrontal cortex interactions in subsequent memory.
The neural correlates of motor skill automaticity.
On emotional conflict: interference resolution of happy and angry prosody reveals valence-specific effects.
Adolescents with Developmental Dyscalculia Do Not Have a Generalized Magnitude Deficit - Processing of Discrete and Continuous Magnitudes.
Thinning of the lateral prefrontal cortex during adolescence predicts emotion regulation in females.
Nocebo-induced modulation of cerebral itch processing - An fMRI study.
Frontal networks for learning and executing arbitrary stimulus-response associations.
The effect of spatial and temporal information on saccades and neural activity in oculomotor structures.
Off-line sentence processing: what is involved in answering a comprehension probe?
Hierarchically Organized Medial Frontal Cortex-Basal Ganglia Loops Selectively Control Task- and Response-Selection.
Abnormal Intrinsic Functional Hubs in Severe Male Obstructive Sleep Apnea: Evidence from a Voxel-Wise Degree Centrality Analysis.
Functional Networks in Parallel with Cortical Development Associate with Executive Functions in Children.
Successful episodic memory retrieval of newly learned faces activates a left fronto-parietal network.
Parsing The Intrinsic Networks Underlying Attention: A Resting State Study.
An investigation of the neural circuits underlying reaching and reach-to-grasp movements: from planning to execution.
Presbycusis Disrupts Spontaneous Activity Revealed by Resting-State Functional MRI.
Imaging markers of structural and functional brain changes that precede cognitive symptoms in risk for Alzheimer’s disease
Brain activity during ankle proprioceptive stimulation predicts balance performance in young and older adults.
Motor execution and motor imagery: A comparison of functional connectivity patterns based on graph theory
"Where there's smoke, there's fire: The brain reactivity of chronic smokers when exposed to the negative value of smoking"
Linear Discriminant Analysis Achieves High Classification Accuracy for the BOLD fMRI Response to Naturalistic Movie Stimuli.
Imaging of olfactory bulb and gray matter volumes in brain areas associated with olfactory function in patients with Parkinson's disease and multiple system atrophy
Brain activity related to phonation in young patients with adductor spasmodic dysphonia
Cerebral and cerebrospinal processes underlying counterirritation analgesia.
Striatum-Centered Fiber Connectivity Is Associated with the Personality Trait of  Cooperativeness.
Phonological processing in first-degree relatives of individuals with autism: an  fMRI study.
Exploring collective experience in watching dance through intersubject correlation and functional connectivity of fMRI brain activity.
Human functional magnetic resonance imaging reveals separation and integration of shape and motion cues in biological motion processing.
White matter correlates of cognitive inhibition during development: A diffusion tensor imaging study
White matter structure in autism: preliminary evidence from diffusion tensor imaging.
Greater externalizing personality traits predict less error-related insula and anterior cingulate cortex activity in acutely abstinent cigarette smokers
"Chain free association, creativity, and the default mode network."
Pattern of neuronal activity associated with conscious and unconscious processing of visual signals.
Prefrontal-posterior parietal networks in schizophrenia: primary dysfunctions and secondary compensations.
Role of the medial part of the intraparietal sulcus in implementing movement direction.
The dependencies of fronto-parietal BOLD responses evoked by covert visual search suggest eye-centred coding.
Modulation in the mirror neuron system when action prediction is not satisfied.
Event-related functional magnetic resonance imaging in Parkinson's disease before and after levodopa.
When three is greater than five: EEG and fMRI signatures of errors in numerical and physical comparisons.
Extrastriatal dopamine D2-receptor availability in social anxiety disorder.
Love to win or hate to lose? Asymmetry of dopamine D2 receptor binding predicts sensitivity to reward vs. punishment
Stress evokes stronger medial posterior cingulate deactivations during emotional  distraction in slower paced aging.
The envious brain: the neural basis of social comparison.
Mapping the connectivity with structural equation modeling in an fMRI study of shape-from-motion task.
Quantifying the Internal Structure of Categories Using a Neural Typicality Measure.
Neural correlates of treatment response in depressed bipolar adolescents during emotion processing.
The bimusical brain is not two monomusical brains in one: evidence from musical affective processing.
Neural bases for individual differences in the subjective experience of short durations (less than 2 seconds).
Neural emotion regulation circuitry underlying anxiolytic effects of perceived control over pain.
Controlling conflict from interfering long-term memory representations.
Reconfiguration of Brain Network Architectures between Resting-State and Complexity-Dependent Cognitive Reasoning.
Auditory working memory load impairs visual ventral stream processing: toward a unified model of attentional load.
The neural system that bridges reward and cognition in humans: an fMRI study.
Different Roles of Direct and Indirect Frontoparietal Pathways for Individual Working Memory Capacity.
The cognitive and neural time course of empathy and sympathy: An electrical neuroimaging study on self–other interaction
Catechol-O-methyltransferase val158met genotype affects processing of emotional stimuli in the amygdala and prefrontal cortex.
Encoding of prospective tasks in the human prefrontal cortex under varying task loads.
An event-related fMRI study of explicit syntactic processing of normal/anomalous  sentences in contrast to implicit syntactic processing.
Deriving angular displacement from optic flow: a fMRI study.
The angular gyrus is a supramodal comparator area in action-outcome monitoring.
Attention biases visual activity in visual short-term memory.
Comparison of baseline conditions to investigate syntactic production using functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Increased frontocerebellar activation in alcoholics during verbal working memory: an fMRI study.
The role of semantics and grammatical class in the neural representation of words.
Mental rotation versus invariant features in object perception from different viewpoints: an fMRI study.
The implementation of verbal instructions: an fMRI study.
Insulin sensitivity predicts brain network connectivity following a meal.
Functional magnetic resonance imaging investigation of overlapping lateral occipitotemporal activations using multi-voxel pattern analysis.
Voxel based morphometry reveals a distinct pattern of frontal atrophy in progressive supranuclear palsy.
Frontal parietal control network regulates the anti-correlated default and dorsal attention networks.
The organization of the human cerebral cortex estimated by intrinsic functional connectivity.
Watching your foot move--an fMRI study of visuomotor interactions during foot movement.
Differential cortical activation during saccadic adaptation.
Is race erased? Decoding race from patterns of neural activity when skin color is not diagnostic of group boundaries.
Generalized role for the cerebellum in encoding internal models: evidence from semantic processing.
Frontal cortex and the programming of repetitive tapping movements in man: lesion effects and functional neuroimaging.
Hierarchical organization of cognition reflected in distributed frontoparietal activity.
Altered Spontaneous Activity in Patients with Persistent Somatoform Pain Disorder Revealed by Regional Homogeneity.
Different developmental trajectories for anticipation and receipt of reward during adolescence.
Functional microstates within human REM sleep: first evidence from fMRI of a thalamocortical network specific for phasic REM periods.
Cognitive processing in Chinese literate and illiterate subjects: an fMRI study.
The reliability of individual differences in face-selective responses in the fusiform gyrus and their relation to face recognition ability.
Processing prosodic boundaries in natural and hummed speech: an FMRI study.
"Dysregulation of working memory and default-mode networks in schizophrenia using  independent component analysis, an fBIRN and MCIC study."
Repeated acupuncture treatments modulate amygdala resting state functional connectivity of depressive patients.
Formal learning theory dissociates brain regions with different temporal integration.
Emotion triggers executive attention: anterior cingulate cortex and amygdala responses to emotional words in a conflict task.
The role of the temporoparietal junction (TPJ) in action observation: Agent detection rather than visuospatial transformation.
Extraction of situational meaning by integrating multiple meanings in a complex environment: a functional MRI study.
Get aroused and be stronger: emotional facilitation of physical effort in the human brain.
Empathic neural reactivity to noxious stimuli delivered to body parts and non-corporeal objects.
Neural representation of subjective value under risk and ambiguity.
"The Effects of Age on the Neural Correlates of Recollection Success, Recollection-Related Cortical Reinstatement, and Post-Retrieval Monitoring."
Altered reward learning and hippocampal connectivity following psychosocial stress.
Developmental changes in the neural influence of sublexical information on semantic processing.
Neuroanatomical dissociation of encoding processes related to priming and explicit memory.
Judging roughness by sight--a 7-Tesla fMRI study on responsivity of the primary somatosensory cortex during observed touch of self and others.
White matter development and early cognition in babies and toddlers.
Impaired processing of 3D motion-defined faces in mild cognitive impairment and healthy aging: an fMRI study.
Effector-Invariant Movement Encoding in the Human Motor System.
Differential parahippocampal and retrosplenial involvement in three types of visual scene recognition.
"Interactions between medial temporal lobe, prefrontal cortex, and inferior temporal regions during visual working memory: a combined intracranial EEG and functional magnetic resonance imaging study."
Dissociable brain activations during the retrieval of different kinds of spatial  context memory.
Attentional effects of noradrenaline vary with arousal level: selective activation of thalamic pulvinar in humans.
Differential time courses and specificity of amygdala activity in posttraumatic stress disorder subjects and normal control subjects.
Neural correlates of auditory sensory memory and automatic change detection.
Describing the brain in autism in five dimensions--magnetic resonance imaging-assisted diagnosis of autism spectrum disorder using a multiparameter classification approach.
Phonological experience modulates voice discrimination: Evidence from functional  brain networks analysis.
Amygdalar interhemispheric functional connectivity differs between the non-depressed and depressed human brain.
"Dissociable neural modulation underlying lasting first impressions, changing your mind for the better, and changing it for the worse."
Interaction of numerosity and time in prefrontal and parietal cortex.
The neural correlates of visual imagery vividness - An fMRI study and literature  review.
Olfactory cortex and Olfactory bulb volume alterations in patients with post-infectious Olfactory loss.
The size of corpus callosum correlates with functional activation of medial motor cortical areas in bimanual and unimanual movements.
Neural basis of visual distraction.
Retrieval of abstract semantics.
The effects of caffeine ingestion on cortical areas: Functional imaging study
Aversive event anticipation affects connectivity between the ventral striatum and the orbitofrontal cortex in an fMRI avoidance task.
Neural changes associated with speech learning in deaf children following cochlear implantation.
Visual imagery while reading concrete and abstract Japanese kanji words: An fMRI study
Neural Correlates of Consumer Buying Motivations: A 7T functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging (fMRI) Study.
Cerebral connectivity and psychotic personality traits. A diffusion tensor imaging study.
Correlation between quantitative EEG and MRI in idiopathic generalized epilepsy.
Modality specific neural correlates of auditory and somatic hallucinations.
Practice-dependent modulation of neural activity during human sensorimotor coordination: a functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging study.
Role of the left inferior frontal gyrus in covert word retrieval: neural correlates of switching during verbal fluency.
Baseline Levels of Rapid Eye Movement Sleep May Protect Against Excessive Activity in Fear-Related Neural Circuitry.
Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder in childhood epilepsy: a neuropsychological and functional imaging study.
Pitch processing sites in the human auditory brain.
The quest for the best: The impact of different EPI sequences on the sensitivity  of random effect fMRI group analyses.
Attending to multiple visual streams: interactions between location-based and category-based attentional selection.
Functional connectivity of cortical motor areas in the resting state in Parkinson's disease.
Brain activation and functional connectivity in premanifest Huntington's disease  during states of intrinsic and phasic alertness.
The contributions of transient and sustained response codes to audiovisual integration.
Re-wiring the brain: Increased functional connectivity within primary somatosensory cortex following synchronous co-activation.
The neural correlates of inhibiting pursuit to smoothly moving targets.
Relative cortico-subcortical shift in brain activity but preserved training-induced neural modulation in older adults during bimanual motor learning.
Trait anger modulates neural activity in the fronto-parietal attention network.
Interaction between effects of genes coding for dopamine and glutamate transmission on striatal and parahippocampal function.
Neural processing associated with cognitive and affective Theory of Mind in adolescents and adults.
Joint prediction of multiple scores captures better individual traits from brain  images.
Altered regional homogeneity and efficient response inhibition in restrained eaters
Cooperation of different neuronal systems during hand sign recognition.
Brain localization of attentional control in different age groups by combining functional and structural MRI.
Parahippocampal reactivation signal at retrieval after interruption of rehearsal.
Linked functional network abnormalities during intrinsic and extrinsic activity in schizophrenia as revealed by a data-fusion approach.
The neural basis of vivid memory is patterned on perception.
The effects of stimulus modality and frequency of stimulus presentation on cross-modal distraction.
Angular Gyrus Involvement at Encoding and Retrieval Is Associated with Durable But Less Specific Memories.
Dissociable neural systems supporting knowledge about human character and appearance in ourselves and others.
The functional architecture of the left posterior and lateral prefrontal cortex in humans.
Understanding the neural computations of arbitrary visuomotor learning through fMRI and associative learning theory.
Unseen scars: Cocaine patients with prior trauma evidence heightened resting state functional connectivity (RSFC) between the amygdala and limbic-striatal regions.
Functional specialization of the male insula during taste perception.
How do conceptual representations interact with processing demands: An fMRI study on action- and abstract-related words.
"Lifetime use of cannabis from longitudinal assessments, cannabinoid receptor (CNR1) variation, and reduced volume of the right anterior cingulate."
Motivation modulates the activity of the human mirror-neuron system.
Strength of resting-state functional connectivity associated with performance-adjustment ability.
Functional interplay of top-down attention with affective codes during visual short-term memory maintenance.
Brainstem Pain-Control Circuitry Connectivity in Chronic Neuropathic Pain.
Comparing the neural basis of monetary reward and cognitive feedback during information-integration category learning.
Effects of active music therapy on the normal brain: fMRI based evidence.
The power of a handshake: neural correlates of evaluative judgments in observed social interactions.
Abnormalities of voxel-based whole-brain functional connectivity patterns predict the progression of hepatic encephalopathy.
Visuohaptic convergence in a corticocerebellar network.
"The neural correlates of intertemporal decision-making: contributions of subjective value, stimulus type, and trait impulsivity."
Human cortical activity evoked by gaze shift observation: an intracranial EEG study.
Boys with conduct problems and callous-unemotional traits: Neural response to reward and punishment and associations with treatment response.
Processing of false belief passages during natural story comprehension: An fMRI study.
"Cerebral lateralization of praxis in right- and left-handedness: same pattern, different strength."
Differential cortical activity for precision and whole-hand visually guided grasping in humans.
Brain correlates of subjective reality of physically and psychologically induced  pain.
The effects of attention on speech perception: an fMRI study.
Reproducibility of thalamic segmentation based on probabilistic tractography.
Neural circuits for cognitive appetite control in healthy and obese individuals:  an fMRI study.
Increased Moral Sensitivity for Outgroup Perpetrators Harming Ingroup Members.
"Distinct contributions of the caudate nucleus, rostral prefrontal cortex, and parietal cortex to the execution of instructed tasks."
Dual neural routing of visual facilitation in speech processing.
Hippocampal contribution to early and later stages of implicit motor sequence learning.
CREB-BDNF pathway influences alcohol cue-elicited activation in drinkers.
Associations between regional cortical thickness and attentional networks as measured by the attention network test.
Neural systems for word meaning modulated by semantic ambiguity.
Encoding of temporal probabilities in the human brain.
From animal model to human brain networking: dynamic causal modeling of motivational systems.
"Hypothesis testing for selective, differential, and conjoined brain activation."
Coordinate and categorical judgements in spatial imagery. An fMRI study.
Deconvolution of neural dynamics from fMRI data using a spatiotemporal hemodynamic response function.
Coherent corticomuscular oscillations originate from primary motor cortex: evidence from patients with early brain lesions.
Noradrenergic modulation of cortical networks engaged in visuomotor processing.
Do You Know What I Mean? Brain Oscillations and the Understanding of Communicative Intentions
Abnormal neural filtering of irrelevant visual information in depression.
Testosterone and reward prediction-errors in healthy men and men with schizophrenia.
Value signals in the prefrontal cortex predict individual preferences across reward categories.
Analyzing brain networks with PCA and conditional Granger causality.
Meta-analytical definition and functional connectivity of the human vestibular cortex.
Functional abnormalities in symptomatic concussed athletes: an fMRI study.
The GABAergic system in prefrontal cortex and hippocampus modulates context-related extinction learning and renewal in humans.
Combining fMRI and SNP data to investigate connections between brain function and genetics using parallel ICA.
Serotonergic and cholinergic modulation of functional brain connectivity: A comparison between young and older adults.
Long-term effects of frequent cannabis use on working memory and attention: an fMRI study.
Correlates of alpha rhythm in functional magnetic resonance imaging and near infrared spectroscopy.
Mathematics anxiety: separating the math from the anxiety.
Theta band activity in response to emotional expressions and its relationship with gamma band activity as revealed by MEG and advanced beamformer source imaging
Advantages of sentence-level fMRI language tasks in presurgical language mapping for temporal lobe epilepsy
The executive control network and symptomatic improvement in attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.
Source localization of the Nogo-N2: a developmental study.
Activation of the cortical pain network by soft tactile stimulation after injection of sumatriptan.
Identifying motor functional neurological disorder using resting-state functional connectivity.
The impact of inverted text on visual word processing: An fMRI study.
Anticipatory activity in anterior cingulate cortex can be independent of conflict and error likelihood.
Unfamiliar Walking Movements Are Detected Early in the Visual Stream: An fMRI Study.
Discriminating unipolar and bipolar depression by means of fMRI and pattern classification: a pilot study.
Human brain activation during passive listening to sounds from different locations: an fMRI and MEG study.
Congenital olfactory impairment is linked to cortical changes in prefrontal and limbic brain regions.
Differential representation of dynamic and static power grip force in the sensorimotor network.
Action anticipation beyond the action observation network: a functional magnetic  resonance imaging study in expert basketball players.
The reconstruction of choice value in the brain: a look into the size of consideration sets and their affective consequences.
Separating pitch chroma and pitch height in the human brain.
Combining functional neuroimaging with off-line brain stimulation: modulation of  task-related activity in language areas.
Neural mechanisms of spatial stimulus-response compatibility: the effect of crossed-hand position.
Cortex and amygdala morphology in psychopathy.
Specific default mode subnetworks support mentalizing as revealed through opposing network recruitment by social and semantic FMRI tasks.
Does the hippocampus mediate objective binding or subjective remembering?
Are brain networks stable during a 24-hour period?
Remembering our past: functional neuroanatomy of recollection of recent and very  remote personal events.
Neural Global Pattern Similarity Underlies True and False Memories.
Evidence for a rostral-to-caudal somatotopic organization in human primary somatosensory cortex with mirror-reversal in areas 3b and 1.
Specific cerebellar and cortical degeneration correlates with ataxia severity in  spinocerebellar ataxia type 7.
"Language lateralization in schizophrenia, an fMRI study."
Adjusting the effect of nonstationarity in cluster-based and TFCE inference.
Optimizing functional accuracy of TMS in cognitive studies: a comparison of methods.
Reliability of functional localization using fMRI.
"The NIH MRI study of normal brain development (Objective-2): newborns, infants, toddlers, and preschoolers."
Activating the medial temporal lobe during oddity judgment for faces and scenes.
"Action observers implicitly expect actors to act goal-coherently, even if they do not: an fMRI study."
A functional MRI study of happy and sad affective states induced by classical music.
Functional MRI of dynamic judgments of spatial extent.
Dissociating motivation from reward in human striatal activity.
Basal ganglia and supplementary motor area subtend duration perception: an fMRI study.
High classification accuracy for schizophrenia with rest and task FMRI data.
Creating probabilistic maps of the face network in the adolescent brain: a multicentre functional MRI study.
Scholastic performance and functional connectivity of brain networks in children.
A pilot resting-state functional connectivity study of the kynurenine pathway in  adolescents with depression and healthy controls.
Ventral encoding of functional affordances: a neural pathway for identifying errors in action.
The nature of processing speed deficits in traumatic brain injury: is less brain  more?
"Neural correlates of personally familiar faces: parents, partner and own faces."
Artifactual fMRI group and condition differences driven by performance confounds.
Transcranial electrical stimulation modifies the neuronal response to psychosocial stress exposure.
Functional anatomic dissociation of description and picture naming in the left temporal lobe.
When some is not every: dissociating scalar implicature generation and mismatch.
Procedural learning in schizophrenia: a functional magnetic resonance imaging investigation.
Involvement of multiple functionally distinct cerebellar regions in visual discrimination: a human functional imaging study.
The thickness of posterior cortical areas is related to executive dysfunction in Alzheimer's disease
Robust localization and lateralization of human language function: an optimized clinical functional magnetic resonance imaging protocol.
Motor-iconicity of sign language does not alter the neural systems underlying tool and action naming.
From Cortical and Subcortical Grey Matter Abnormalities to Neurobehavioral Phenotype of Angelman Syndrome: A Voxel-Based Morphometry Study.
Differential Contribution of Bilateral Supplementary Motor Area to the Effective Connectivity Networks Induced by Task Conditions Using Dynamic Causal Modeling
Major depressive disorder and alterations in insular cortical activity: a review  of current functional magnetic imaging research.
Decomposing Gratitude: Representation and Integration of Cognitive Antecedents of Gratitude in the Brain.
Evidence for the involvement of the posterior parietal cortex in coordination of  fingertip forces for grasp stability in manipulation.
When less means more: deactivations during encoding that predict subsequent memory.
Recognizing threat: a simple geometric shape activates neural circuitry for threat detection.
Incidental self-processing modulates the interaction of emotional valence and arousal.
In the zone or zoning out? Tracking behavioral and neural fluctuations during sustained attention.
Alterations of the amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations in anxiety in Parkinson's disease.
BOLD response to semantic and syntactic processing during hypoglycemia is load-dependent.
An fMRI study of the cerebral macro network involved in 'cue invariant' form perception and how it is influenced by stimulus complexity.
Human brain regions involved in heading estimation.
Decoding auditory spatial and emotional information encoding using multivariate versus univariate techniques.
Functional properties and interaction of the anterior and posterior intraparietal areas in humans.
Brain areas activated in fMRI during self-regulation of slow cortical potentials  (SCPs).
Dissociating memory retrieval processes using fMRI: evidence that priming does not support recognition memory.
Impaired executive control and reward circuit in Internet gaming addicts under a  delay discounting task: independent component analysis.
"Neural representations for newly learned words are modulated by overnight consolidation, reading skill, and age."
Learning to sample: eye tracking and fMRI indices of changes in object perception.
Computerized cognitive training for children with neurofibromatosis type 1: A pilot resting-state fMRI study.
Distinct orbitofrontal regions encode stimulus and choice valuation.
Human cortical regions involved in extracting depth from motion.
"Imaging haemodynamic changes related to seizures: comparison of EEG-based general linear model, independent component analysis of fMRI and intracranial EEG."
Lateral and medial prefrontal contributions to emotion generation by semantic elaboration during episodic encoding.
"I won, but I'm not getting my hopes up: depression moderates the relationship of outcomes and reward anticipation."
Cross-modal temporal order memory for auditory digits and visual locations: an fMRI study.
Probability effects on the neural correlates of retrieval success: an fMRI study.
Behavioral and functional MRI study of attention shift in human verbal working memory.
The default mode of human brain function primes the intentional stance.
Functional brain effects of hand disuse in patients with trapeziometacarpal joint osteoarthritis: executed and imagined movements.
"Dynamic Coupling Between the Lateral Occipital-Cortex, Default-Mode, and Frontoparietal Networks During Bistable Perception"
A seed-based cross-modal comparison of brain connectivity measures.
Gray matter deficits and altered resting-state connectivity in the superior temporal gyrus among individuals with problematic hypersexual behavior.
Mom-it helps when you're right here! Attenuation of neural stress markers in anxious youths whose caregivers are present during fMRI.
Metabolic imaging of mild traumatic brain injury.
fMRI correlates of state and trait effects in subjects at genetically enhanced risk of schizophrenia.
Integrative moral judgment: dissociating the roles of the amygdala and ventromedial prefrontal cortex.
Neural substrates of intention--consequence integration and its impact on reactive punishment in interpersonal transgression.
"Social cognition, the male brain and the autism spectrum."
Brain regions controlling nonsynergistic versus synergistic movement of the digits: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
A method for accurate group difference detection by constraining the mixing coefficients in an ICA framework.
An altered neural response to reward may contribute to alcohol problems among late adolescents with an evening chronotype.
Do visual perspective tasks need theory of mind?
Aberrant activity and connectivity of the posterior superior temporal sulcus during social cognition in schizophrenia.
Reliability of functional magnetic resonance imaging activation during working memory in a multisite study: Clarification and implications for statistical power.
Disturbed structural connectivity is related to inattention and impulsivity in adult attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.
Reduced neuronal activity in language-related regions after transcranial magnetic stimulation therapy for auditory verbal hallucinations.
Promoter haplotypes of interleukin-10 gene linked to cortex plasticity in subjects with risk of Alzheimer's disease.
Number processing and basal ganglia dysfunction: a single case study.
The control of global brain dynamics: opposing actions of frontoparietal control  and default mode networks on attention.
The effect of prior visual information on recognition of speech and sounds.
Brain activation during semantic judgment of Chinese sentences: A functional MRI  study.
Feature-Selective Attentional Modulations in Human Frontoparietal Cortex.
Structural and Diffusion Property Alterations in Unaffected Siblings of Patients with Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder
The roles of the caudate nucleus in human classification learning.
An FMRI investigation of the cortical network underlying detection and categorization abilities in hemianopic patients.
Oxytocin effects on mind-reading are moderated by experiences of maternal love withdrawal: An fMRI study
Symptom provocation and reduction in patients suffering from spider phobia: an fMRI study on exposure therapy.
Effects of brain amyloid deposition and reduced glucose metabolism on the default mode of brain function in normal aging.
Task-dependent Activity and Connectivity Predict Episodic Memory Network-based Responses to Brain Stimulation in Healthy Aging
Formation of Long-Term Locomotor Memories Is Associated with Functional Connectivity Changes in the Cerebellar-Thalamic-Cortical Network.
Amygdala and dorsomedial hyperactivity to emotional faces in youth with remitted  Major Depression.
A job interview in the MRI scanner: How does indirectness affect addressees and overhearers?
Coupling between resting cerebral perfusion and EEG.
Guided exploration of genomic risk for gray matter abnormalities in schizophrenia using parallel independent component analysis with reference.
Brain activation during neurocognitive testing using functional near-infrared spectroscopy in patients following concussion compared to healthy controls
Reduced empathic responses for sexually objectified women: An fMRI investigation.
DRD2 genotype predicts prefrontal activity during working memory after stimulation of D2 receptors with bromocriptine.
The emergence of the unmarked: a new perspective on the language-specific function of Broca's area.
Intentionally not imitating: Insula cortex engaged for top-down control of action mirroring.
fMRI study of effort and information processing in a working memory task.
Genetic variation in neuregulin1 is associated with differences in prefrontal engagement in children.
Differential magnetic resonance neurofeedback modulations across extrinsic (visual) and intrinsic (default-mode) nodes of the human cortex.
The nose smells what the eye sees: crossmodal visual facilitation of human olfactory perception.
Distinct neural substrates for visual search amongst spatial versus temporal distractors.
The neural origin of the priming distance effect: distance-dependent recovery of  parietal activation using symbolic magnitudes.
Do alcohol-dependent patients show different neural activation during response inhibition than healthy controls in an alcohol-related fMRI go/no-go-task?
Dynamic changes in superior temporal sulcus connectivity during perception of noisy audiovisual speech.
fMRI analysis for motor paradigms using EMG-based designs: a validation study.
The human body odor compound androstadienone increases neural conflict coupled to higher behavioral costs during an emotional Stroop task.
Neural correlates of novelty and appropriateness processing in externally induced constraint relaxation.
Neural responses to emotional stimuli are associated with childhood family stress.
Functional interactions between the cerebellum and the premotor cortex for error  correction during the slow rate force production task: an fMRI study.
Methylphenidate and brain activity in a reward/conflict paradigm: Role of the insula in task performance
Functional organisation of the saccadic reference system processing extraretinal  signals in humans.
Vicarious function within the human primary motor cortex? A longitudinal fMRI stroke study.
Maintaining and shifting attention within left or right hemifield.
MRI-based diagnostic biomarkers for early onset pediatric multiple sclerosis.
Sentential context modulates the involvement of the motor cortex in action language processing: an FMRI study.
Music supported therapy promotes motor plasticity in individuals with chronic stroke.
Event-related fMRI: comparison of conditions with varying BOLD overlap.
Contribution of the motor system to the perception of reachable space: an fMRI study.
Financial Incentives Differentially Regulate Neural Processing of Positive and Negative Emotions during Value-Based Decision-Making.
Identifying brain regions for integrative sensorimotor processing with ankle movements.
Secondary somatosensory cortex is important for the sensory-discriminative dimension of pain: a functional MRI study.
Amphetamine modulates human incentive processing.
Reduced recruitment of motor association areas during bimanual coordination in concert pianists.
An fMRI study of causal judgments.
Domain-General and Domain-Specific Patterns of Activity Supporting Metacognition  in Human Prefrontal Cortex.
Brain plasticity and intellectual ability are influenced by shared genes.
Neural responses to unattended products predict later consumer choices.
Gait-related cerebral alterations in patients with Parkinson's disease with freezing of gait.
Frontostriatal involvement in task switching depends on genetic differences in d2 receptor density.
"Action, observation or imitation of virtual hand movement affect differently regions of the mirror neuron system and the default mode network."
Dopamine in the medial amygdala network mediates human bonding.
Sources of top-down control in visual search.
Successful group psychotherapy of depression in adolescents alters fronto-limbic  resting-state connectivity.
Dissociating prefrontal contributions during a recency memory task.
The developmental relationship between specific cognitive domains and grey matter in the cerebellum.
Word-finding impairment in veterans of the 1991 Persian Gulf War.
Precise discrimination of object position in the human pulvinar.
Visual scene processing in familiar and unfamiliar environments.
The repetition paradigm: enhancement of novel metaphors and suppression of conventional metaphors in the left inferior parietal lobe.
Decreasing task-related brain activity over repeated functional MRI scans and sessions with no change in performance: implications for serial investigations.
Encoding activity in anterior medial temporal lobe supports subsequent associative recognition.
A new method based on ICBM152 head surface for probe placement in multichannel fNIRS.
"Behavioral conflict, anterior cingulate cortex, and experiment duration: implications of diverging data."
Cooperation between the hippocampus and the striatum during episodic encoding.
Modulation of neural activity during object naming: effects of time and practice.
Individual differences in disgust sensitivity modulate neural responses to aversive/disgusting stimuli.
Evidence for anomalous network connectivity during working memory encoding in schizophrenia: an ICA based analysis.
Goal representation in human anterior intraparietal sulcus.
Perceptual and semantic contributions to repetition priming of environmental sounds.
Functional parcellation of the lateral mesencephalus.
Differential effects of acute stress on anticipatory and consummatory phases of reward processing
Diffusion weighted imaging and neuropsychological correlates in adults with mild  traumatic brain injury.
Anterior cingulate cortex dysfunction in attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder revealed by fMRI and the Counting Stroop.
Enhanced medial prefrontal-default mode network functional connectivity in chronic pain and its association with pain rumination.
Hippocampal gamma oscillations increase with memory load.
Imaging onset and propagation of ECT-induced seizures.
Dissociating linguistic and task-related activity in the left inferior frontal gyrus.
Language network dysfunction as a predictor of outcome in youth at clinical high  risk for psychosis.
Disturbed cortico-amygdalar functional connectivity as pathophysiological correlate of working memory deficits in bipolar affective disorder.
Passive reading and motor imagery about hand actions and tool-use actions: an fMRI study.
Cortico-pallidal oscillatory connectivity in patients with dystonia.
Task-dependent activation of face-sensitive cortex: an fMRI adaptation study.
Regional homogeneity changes in patients with Parkinson's disease.
Neural correlates of human virtue judgment.
Childhood maltreatment is associated with an automatic negative emotion processing bias in the amygdala.
The neural correlates of correctly rejecting lures during memory retrieval: the role of item relatedness.
Modulation of subgenual anterior cingulate cortex activity with real-time neurofeedback.
Altered cerebellar functional connectivity mediates potential adaptive plasticity in patients with multiple sclerosis.
Concentration: The Neural Underpinnings of How Cognitive Load Shields Against Distraction.
Mode of functional connectivity in amygdala pathways dissociates level of awareness for signals of fear.
Preparation to inhibit a response complements response inhibition during performance of a stop-signal task.
Neural networks underlying affective states in a multimodal virtual environment:  contributions to boredom.
Sustained extrastriate cortical activation without visual awareness revealed by fMRI studies of hemianopic patients.
Dynamics of feature binding during object-selective attention.
Visual perception of motion and 3-D structure from motion: an fMRI study.
RESCALE: Voxel-specific task-fMRI scaling using resting state fluctuation amplitude.
Neurochemical enhancement of conscious error awareness.
Orbitofrontal overactivation in reward processing in borderline personality disorder: the role of non-suicidal self-injury.
The influence of perceptual similarity and individual differences on false memories in aging.
Beyond hemispheric dominance: brain regions underlying the joint lateralization of language and arithmetic to the left hemisphere.
The neural bases of the short-term storage of verbal information are anatomically variable across individuals.
Digit somatotopy in the human cerebellum: a 7T fMRI study.
Off to a Good Start: The Early Development of the Neural Substrates Underlying Visual Working Memory.
Improved application of independent component analysis to functional magnetic resonance imaging study via linear projection techniques.
The role of the occipital face area in the cortical face perception network.
Human dopamine receptor D2/D3 availability predicts amygdala reactivity to unpleasant stimuli.
In the eye of the beholder: internally driven uncertainty of danger recruits the  amygdala and dorsomedial prefrontal cortex.
Reduced amygdala and ventral striatal activity to happy faces in PTSD is associated with emotional numbing.
A key role of the prefrontal cortex in the maintenance of chronic tinnitus: An fMRI study using a Stroop task.
Morphometry of Left Frontal and Temporal Poles Predicts Analogical Reasoning Abilities.
Combining voxel intensity and cluster extent with permutation test framework.
Brain response to putative pheromones in homosexual men.
Dynamic changes in brain activity during prism adaptation.
Structural studies of the hypothalamus and its nuclei in mood disorders.
Experience-dependent modulation of feedback integration during singing: role of the right anterior insula.
Connectivity-based parcellation of the human orbitofrontal cortex.
Reference frames for reach planning in human parietofrontal cortex.
Brain regions sensitive to the face inversion effect: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study in humans.
Network analysis reveals disrupted functional brain circuitry in drug-naive social anxiety disorder.
Incidental use of ecstasy: no evidence for harmful effects on cognitive brain function in a prospective fMRI study.
A comparison of functional and tractography based networks in cerebral small vessel disease.
Activation of olfactory and trigeminal cortical areas following stimulation of the nasal mucosa with low concentrations of S(-)-nicotine vapor--an fMRI study on chemosensory perception.
"Dynamics of frontal, striatal, and hippocampal systems during rule learning."
Fair play: social norm compliance failures in behavioural variant frontotemporal  dementia.
Do bilinguals show neural differences with monolinguals when processing their native language?
The heterogeneity of the left dorsal premotor cortex evidenced by multimodal connectivity-based parcellation and functional characterization.
Activation of the hypothalamus characterizes the response to acupuncture stimulation in heroin addicts.
Voxelwise meta-analysis of gray matter anomalies in progressive supranuclear palsy and Parkinson's disease using anatomic likelihood estimation
Functional adaptive changes within the hippocampal memory system of patients with multiple sclerosis.
The physiology of motor delusions in anosognosia for hemiplegia: Implications for current models of motor awareness
Predictive value and reward in implicit classification learning.
fMRI investigation of speed-accuracy strategy switching.
Cortical and subcortical connectivity changes during decreasing levels of consciousness in humans: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study using propofol.
Attention modulates the dorsal striatum response to love stimuli.
Frequency specific interactions of MEG resting state activity within and across brain networks as revealed by the Multivariate Interaction Measure
FMRI evidence for activation of multiple cortical regions in the primary auditory cortex of deaf subjects users of multichannel cochlear implants.
Domain-general and domain-sensitive prefrontal mechanisms for recollecting events and detecting novelty.
Functional neuroimaging of Social and Nonsocial Cognitive Control in Autism
Exploring predictive and reproducible modeling with the single-subject FIAC dataset.
"Real-time fMRI brain-computer interface: development of a ""motivational feedback"" subsystem for the regulation of visual cue reactivity."
Brain mechanisms of successful recognition through retrieval of semantic context.
Changes in connectivity profiles as a mechanism for strategic control over interfering subliminal information.
Set-relevance determines the impact of distractors on episodic memory retrieval.
Two approaches to repetition suppression.
Cerebellar activity and connectivity during the experience of disgust and happiness
"CACNA1C risk variant and amygdala activity in bipolar disorder, schizophrenia and healthy controls."
Do distinct atypical cortical networks process biological motion information in adults with Autism Spectrum Disorders?
Functional magnetic resonance imaging detects activation of the visual association cortex during laser acupuncture of the foot in humans.
Neural correlates of resolving uncertainty in driver's decision making.
Consciousness and cerebral baseline activity fluctuations.
Preliminary findings of cerebral responses on transcutaneous vagal nerve stimulation on experimental heat pain.
Multivariate Pattern Classification of Facial Expressions Based on Large-Scale Functional Connectivity.
Cerebral blood flow measured by arterial-spin labeling MRI: A useful biomarker for characterization of minimal hepatic encephalopathy in patients with cirrhosis
Decreased functional connectivity of the amygdala in Alzheimer's disease revealed by resting-state fMRI
The cortical and cerebellar representation of the lumbar spine.
Functional alterations of large-scale brain networks related to cognitive control in obsessive-compulsive disorder.
The relation of ventromedial prefrontal cortex activity and heart rate fluctuations at rest.
Limbic activity in antipsychotic naive first-episode psychotic subjects during facial emotion discrimination.
Brain areas consistently linked to individual differences in perceptual decision-making in younger as well as older adults before and after training.
"Does semantic context benefit speech understanding through ""top-down"" processes?  Evidence from time-resolved sparse fMRI."
Contralateral visual hemifield representations in the human pulvinar nucleus.
Uniformity and Deviation of Intra-axonal Cross-sectional Area Coverage of the Gray-to-White Matter Interface.
"Cortical grey matter content is associated with both age and bimanual performance, but is not observed to mediate age-related behavioural decline."
Brain response to visual sexual stimuli in heterosexual and homosexual males.
Medial frontal cortex activity and loss-related responses to errors.
Resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging: the impact of regression analysis.
Functional specialization within the anterior medial prefrontal cortex: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study with human subjects.
Dissociation of stimulus relevance and saliency factors during shifts of visuospatial attention.
The neural bases of sentence comprehension: a fMRI examination of syntactic and lexical processing.
"Neural evidence that three dimensions organize mental state representation: Rationality, social impact, and valence."
Establishing the boundaries: the hippocampal contribution to imagining scenes.
"Effect of foreknowledge on neural activity of primary ""go"" responses relates to response stopping and switching."
Hemispheric asymmetry of sulcus-function correspondence: quantization and developmental implications.
Concurrent TMS to the primary motor cortex augments slow motor learning
Functional MRI signal fluctuations highlight altered resting brain activity in Huntington's disease.
Altered baseline brain activity with 72 h of simulated microgravity--initial evidence from resting-state fMRI.
Increased Functional Connectivity and Brain Atrophy in Elderly with Subjective Memory Complaints
Processing of emotional distraction is both automatic and modulated by attention: evidence from an event-related fMRI investigation.
Decreased gray matter volume of the medial orbitofrontal cortex in panic disorder with agoraphobia: A preliminary study
Neural Correlates of Fixation Duration during Real-world Scene Viewing: Evidence  from Fixation-related (FIRE) fMRI.
White-matter microstructure and gray-matter volumes in adolescents with subthreshold bipolar symptoms
Longitudinal working memory development is related to structural maturation of frontal and parietal cortices.
Midlife measurements of white matter microstructure predict subsequent regional white matter atrophy in healthy adults
'Where' depends on 'what': a differential functional anatomy for position discrimination in one- versus two-dimensions.
Memory-reliant Post-error Slowing Is Associated with Successful Learning and Fronto-occipital Activity.
Observing social gestures: an fMRI study.
Clinical deficits correlate with regional cerebral atrophy in progressive supranuclear palsy.
Role of posterior parietal cortex in reaching movements in humans. Clinical implication for ‘optic ataxia’
Tracing the interplay between syntactic and lexical features: fMRI evidence from  agreement comprehension.
Concurrent CBF and CMRGlc changes during human brain activation by combined fMRI-PET scanning.
Cortical effects of user training in a motor imagery based brain–computer interface measured by fNIRS and EEG
Static and dynamic posterior cingulate cortex nodal topology of default mode network predicts attention task performance.
Remitted major depression is characterized by reduced prefrontal cortex reactivity to reward loss
Lateralization of speech production starts in sensory cortices--a possible sensory origin of cerebral left dominance for speech.
"Adapting to dynamic stimulus-response values: differential contributions of inferior frontal, dorsomedial, and dorsolateral regions of prefrontal cortex to decision making."
Compensatory increase of functional connectivity density in adolescents with internet gaming disorder.
Incorporating spatial constraint in co-activation pattern analysis to explore the dynamics of resting-state networks: An application to Parkinson's disease.
The contribution of primary and secondary somatosensory cortices to the representation of body parts and body sides: an fMRI adaptation study.
The “handwriting brain”: A meta-analysis of neuroimaging studies of motor versus orthographic processes
Dynamic patterns make the premotor cortex interested in objects: influence of stimulus and task revealed by fMRI.
Voxel-based homogeneity probability maps of gray matter in groups: assessing the  reliability of functional effects.
Neural correlates of anxiety associated with obsessive-compulsive symptom dimensions in normal volunteers.
Modulation of financial deprivation on deception and its neural correlates.
The Effect of Threat on Novelty Evoked Amygdala Responses
Disrupted amygdala-prefrontal functional connectivity in civilian women with posttraumatic stress disorder
Characterizing the modulation of resting-state fMRI metrics by baseline physiology.
Sustained neural activity patterns during working memory in the human medial temporal lobe.
How do self-interest and other-need interact in the brain to determine altruistic behavior?
Neural networks active during tactile form perception: common and differential activity during macrospatial and microspatial tasks.
The organization and dynamics of corticostriatal pathways link the medial orbitofrontal cortex to future behavioral responses.
Encoding and retrieval related cerebral activation in continuous verbal recognition.
Supraspinal locomotor control in quadrupeds and humans.
Performing allocentric visuospatial judgments with induced distortion of the egocentric reference frame: an fMRI study with clinical implications.
Context Predicts Word Order Processing in Broca's Region.
Loss of inhibition in ipsilateral somatosensory areas following altered afferent  nerve signaling from the hand.
Neural correlates of trial-to-trial fluctuations in response caution.
The Danish PET/depression project: performance on Stroop's test linked to white matter lesions in the brain.
Functional organization of spatial and nonspatial working memory processing within the human lateral frontal cortex.
Rethinking the role of the rTPJ in attention and social cognition in light of the opposing domains hypothesis: findings from an ALE-based meta-analysis and resting-state functional connectivity
Cortical brain volume abnormalities associated with few or multiple neuropsychiatric symptoms in Alzheimer's disease.
Symmetry of cortical folding abnormalities in Williams syndrome revealed by surface-based analyses.
Neural substrates of acupuncture in the modulation of cravings induced by smoking-related visual cues: an fMRI study.
Brain activity varies with modulation of dynamic pitch variance in sentence melody.
Associations among imaging measures (2): the association between gray matter concentration and task-induced activation changes.
The Neural Correlates of the Face Attractiveness Aftereffect: A Functional Near-infrared Spectroscopy (fNIRS) Study
Adults and children processing music: an fMRI study.
Differential limbic--cortical correlates of sadness and anxiety in healthy subjects: implications for affective disorders.
A Preliminary Study of the Human Brain Response to Oral Sucrose and its Association with Recent Drinking
"A resting-state fMRI study in borderline personality disorder combining amplitude of low frequency fluctuation, regional homogeneity and seed based functional connectivity."
The feeling of familiarity of music and odors: the same neural signature?
The impact of individual differences on the neural circuitry underlying sadness.
Perception of biological motion in autism spectrum disorders.
Word retrieval in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis: a functional magnetic resonance  imaging study.
Resting-state connectivity deficits associated with impaired inhibitory control in non-treatment-seeking adolescents with psychotic symptoms
Imbalanced neural responsivity to risk and reward indicates stress vulnerability  in humans.
Adaptive Adolescent Flexibility: Neurodevelopment of Decision-making and Learning in a Risky Context.
Response of face-selective brain regions to trustworthiness and gender of faces.
Distinct Regions within Medial Prefrontal Cortex Process Pain and Cognition.
Evidence of Conjoint Activation of the Anterior Insular and Cingulate Cortices during Effortful Tasks.
Explicating the face perception network with white matter connectivity.
Functional brain maps of Tower of London performance: a positron emission tomography and functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
"Am I seeing myself, my friend or a stranger? The role of personal familiarity in  visual distinction of body identities in the human brain."
Spatial and temporal factors during processing of audiovisual speech: a PET study.
Reconfiguration of parietal circuits with cognitive tutoring in elementary school children.
Neural correlates of own- and other-race face recognition in children: A functional near-infrared spectroscopy study
Does sleep promote false memories?
Taking two to tango: fMRI analysis of improvised joint action with physical contact.
Alterations in resting functional connectivity due to recent motor task
Individual differences in error processing: a review and reanalysis of three event-related fMRI studies using the GO/NOGO task.
Is negative self-referent bias an endophenotype for depression? An fMRI study of  emotional self-referent words in twins at high vs. low risk of depression.
Neural correlates of the continuous Wagon Wheel Illusion: a functional MRI study.
Depression and anxiety symptoms are associated to disruption of default mode network in subacute ischemic stroke.
Effect of observation of simple hand movement on brain activations in patients with unilateral cerebral palsy: an fMRI study
Reduced Apparent Diffusion Coefficient in Various Brain Areas following Low-Intensity Transcranial Ultrasound Stimulation.
Brain circuits involved in emotional learning in antisocial behavior and social phobia in humans.
Decreased activity with increased background network efficiency in amnestic MCI during a visuospatial working memory task.
Resting state fMRI studies in SPG4-linked hereditary spastic paraplegia.
Differential neural responses during performance of matching and nonmatching to sample tasks at two delay intervals.
Experience-dependent activation patterns in human brain during visual-motor associative learning.
Pseudo-continuous arterial spin labeling MRI study of schizophrenic patients.
Greater BOLD Activity but More Efficient Connectivity is Associated with Better Cognitive Performance Within a Sample of Nicotine-Deprived Smokers
Human navigation network: the intrinsic functional organization and behavioral relevance.
A functional neuroimaging study of the variables that generate category-specific  object processing differences.
A human homologue of monkey F5c.
Motor learning affects visual movement perception.
An fMRI study of coherent visual motion processing in children and adults.
Masked presentations of emotional facial expressions modulate amygdala activity without explicit knowledge.
Altered topological patterns of brain functional networks in Crohn's disease.
Cerebellar activation during leg withdrawal reflex conditioning: an fMRI study.
Activation of the primary and association auditory cortex by the transition of sound intensity: a new method for functional examination of the auditory cortex in humans.
EEG-fMRI reveals activation of brainstem and thalamus in patients with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome.
Activation of the dorsal premotor cortex and pre-supplementary motor area of humans during an auditory conditional motor task.
Dynamic EEG-informed fMRI modeling of the pain matrix using 20-ms root mean square segments.
Functional magnetic resonance imaging study of regional brain activation during implicit sequence learning in obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Aversive aftertaste changes visual food cue reactivity: An fMRI study on cross-modal perception.
Allocentric versus egocentric representation of remembered reach targets in human cortex.
Neural correlates of specific musical anhedonia.
Medial reward and lateral non-reward orbitofrontal cortex circuits change in opposite directions in depression.
Guilt-specific processing in the prefrontal cortex.
Visuo–spatial working memory is an important source of domain-general vulnerability in the development of arithmetic cognition
Reduced Cingulate Gyrus Volume Associated with Enhanced Cortisol Awakening Response in Young Healthy Adults Reporting Childhood Trauma
Objects and their actions: evidence for a neurally distributed semantic system.
The neural correlates of linguistic distinctions: unaccusative and unergative verbs.
Cognitive effects of nicotine in humans: an fMRI study.
Concurrent functional magnetic resonance imaging and electroencephalography assessment of sensory gating in schizophrenia.
Serial organization of human behavior in the inferior parietal cortex.
Response anticipation and response conflict: an event-related potential and functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
The role of cortical area V5/MT+ in speed-tuned directional anisotropies in global motion perception.
Removal of BCG artifacts from EEG recordings inside the MR scanner: a comparison  of methodological and validation-related aspects.
Differential patterns of cortical activation as a function of fluid reasoning complexity.
Fractional amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation changes in functional dyspepsia: A resting-state fMRI study
Evidence for separate perceptual reactivation and search processes during remembering.
Effects of aging on hippocampal and anterior temporal activations during successful retrieval of memory for face-name associations.
Freezing of gait in Parkinson's disease is associated with functional decoupling  between the cognitive control network and the basal ganglia.
Neural Correlates of Treatment in Adolescents with Bipolar Depression During Response Inhibition
Rate dependency of the human cortical network subserving executive functions during generation of random number series--a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Impaired glucose tolerance in midlife and longitudinal changes in brain function during aging
Anterior cingulate activity and the self in disorders of consciousness.
Dynamic and strategic aspects of executive processing.
Segregated encoding of reward-identity and stimulus-reward associations in human  orbitofrontal cortex.
The relative involvement of anterior cingulate and prefrontal cortex in attentional control depends on nature of conflict.
"Auditory what, where, and when: a sensory somatotopy in lateral premotor cortex."
Heritability of head motion during resting state functional MRI in 462 healthy twins.
Neural activations correlated with reading speed during reading novels.
Effect of the COMT val158met polymorphism on white matter connectivity in patients with major depressive disorder
Changes in intrinsic connectivity of the brain's reading network following intervention in children with autism.
Separable effects of semantic priming and imageability on word processing in human cortex.
The role of the amygdala and the basal ganglia in visual processing of central vs. peripheral emotional content
Amygdala activation during masked presentation of emotional faces predicts conscious detection of threat-related faces.
Functional Connectivity of the Hippocampus in Temporal Lobe Epilepsy: Feasibility of a Task-Regressed Seed-Based Approach
Functional MRI changes before and after onset of reported emotions.
Fractionating the anterior temporal lobe: MVPA reveals differential responses to  input and conceptual modality.
Functional MRI BOLD response to Tower of London performance of first-episode schizophrenia patients using cortical pattern matching.
Attention to action in Parkinson's disease: impaired effective connectivity among frontal cortical regions.
"Multi-modal, Multi-measure, and Multi-class Discrimination of ADHD with Hierarchical Feature Extraction and Extreme Learning Machine Using Structural and Functional Brain MRI."
Assessment of spatial normalization of whole-brain magnetic resonance images in children.
Reactivation of networks involved in preparatory states.
An Exploratory Pilot Study of the Relationship between Neural Correlates of Cognitive Control and Reduction in Cigarette Use among Treatment-Seeking Adolescent Smokers
Posterior medial frontal cortex activity predicts post-error adaptations in task-related visual and motor areas.
Identifying Functional Networks Using Endogenous Connectivity in Gamma Band Electrocorticography
Reward/punishment sensitivities among internet addicts: Implications for their addictive behaviors
Functional neuroanatomy of human vocalization: an H215O PET study.
The neural correlates of perceptual load induced attentional selection: An fMRI study
Relating pessimistic memory predictions to Alzheimer's disease brain structure.
Increased Prefrontal and Parahippocampal Activation with Reduced Dorsolateral Prefrontal and Insular Cortex Activation to Food Images in Obesity: A Meta-Analysis of fMRI Studies
Preparatory deployment of attention to motion activates higher-order motion-processing brain regions.
The embodied nature of motor imagery: the influence of posture and perspective.
Brain structures related to active and passive finger movements in man.
In Search of Multimodal Neuroimaging Biomarkers of Cognitive Deficits in Schizophrenia.
Role for presupplementary motor area in inhibition of cognitive set interference.
Holding an object: neural activity associated with fingertip force adjustments to external perturbations.
"Reorganization of the auditory, visual and multimodal areas in early deaf individuals"
Degradation of stored movement representations in the parkinsonian brain and the impact of levodopa
Abnormal cortical activation during response inhibition in 22q11.2 deletion syndrome.
Mapping face encoding using functional MRI in multiple sclerosis across disease phenotypes.
Structural Modulation of Brain Development by Oxygen: Evidence on Adolescents Migrating from High Altitude to Sea Level Environment
Clustering the lexicon in the brain: a meta-analysis of the neurofunctional evidence on noun and verb processing
Functional neuroanatomy of interference in overlapping dual tasks: an fMRI study.
Neural correlates of obsessive–compulsive related dysfunctional beliefs
Brain mechanisms implicated in the preattentive categorization of speech sounds revealed using FMRI and a short-interval habituation trial paradigm.
Striatum-Based Circuitry of Adolescent Depression and Anhedonia
The Role of Anterior Cingulate Cortex in the Affective Evaluation of Conflict.
Subjective mental time: the functional architecture of projecting the self to past and future.
Hippocampal Functional Connectivity Patterns During Spatial Working Memory Differ in Right Versus Left Temporal Lobe Epilepsy
"Viewing the motion of human body parts activates different regions of premotor, temporal, and parietal cortex."
Mental rotation meets the motion aftereffect: the role of hV5/MT+ in visual mental imagery.
Neural Correlates of Racial Ingroup Bias in Observing Computer-Animated Social Encounters.
Neural Correlates of Impaired Cognitive Control over Working Memory in Schizophrenia.
Neural characteristics of successful and less successful speech and word learning in adults.
Working memory dysfunction in schizophrenia patients with obsessive-compulsive symptoms: An fMRI study
Word frequency and subsequent memory effects studied using event-related fMRI.
Effect of visual feedback on brain activation during motor tasks: An fMRI study
Distinct Hippocampal versus Frontoparietal Network Contributions to Retrieval and Memory-guided Exploration.
Neural correlates of impaired emotion processing in manifest Huntington's disease.
Dissociating the roles of right ventral lateral and dorsal lateral prefrontal cortex in generation and maintenance of hypotheses in set-shift problems.
Attentional set for external information activates the right intraparietal area.
The brain network associated with acquiring semantic knowledge.
Temporal recalibration of motor and visual potentials in lag adaptation in voluntary movement.
"Taste-olfactory convergence, and the representation of the pleasantness of flavour, in the human brain."
"Lower functional connectivity of default mode network in cognitively normal young adults with mutation of APP, presenilins and APOE epsilon4."
Brain activity correlated with food preferences: A functional study comparing advanced non-small cell lung cancer patients with and without anorexia
Age related prefrontal compensatory mechanisms for inhibitory control in the antisaccade task.
Sparse coding reveals greater functional connectivity in female brains during naturalistic emotional experience.
Resting-state functional connectivity in medication-naive schizophrenia patients  with and without auditory verbal hallucinations: A preliminary report.
Evidence for axonal pathology and adaptive cortical reorganization in patients at presentation with clinically isolated syndromes suggestive of multiple sclerosis.
Contributions of stimulus valence and arousal to visual activation during emotional perception.
Striatal intrinsic reinforcement signals during recognition memory: relationship  to response bias and dysregulation in schizophrenia.
The When and Where of Working Memory Dysfunction in Early-Onset Schizophrenia--A  Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study.
Gestalt perception is associated with reduced parietal beta oscillations.
Segregation of face sensitive areas within the fusiform gyrus using global signal regression? A study on amygdala resting-state functional connectivity.
Test-retest reliability of evoked BOLD signals from a cognitive-emotive fMRI test battery.
Category structure and the two learning systems of COVIS.
Effects of Alcohol Intoxication on Response Conflict in a Flanker Task
"Associations among parenting experiences during childhood and adolescence, hypothalamus-pituitary-adrenal axis hypoactivity, and hippocampal gray matter volume reduction in young adults."
Understanding social dysfunction in the behavioural variant of frontotemporal dementia: the role of emotion and sarcasm processing.
Local morphology predicts functional organization of experienced value signals in the human orbitofrontal cortex.
Heroin abuse accelerates biological aging: a novel insight from telomerase and brain imaging interaction
Intensive language training and attention modulate the involvement of fronto-parietal regions during a non-verbal auditory discrimination task.
Readers select a comprehension mode independent of pronoun: Evidence from fMRI during narrative comprehension.
Neural mechanisms of proactive interference-resolution.
Neural markers of inhibition in human memory retrieval.
Orienting and maintenance of spatial attention in audition and vision: multimodal and modality-specific brain activations.
Cortical and cerebellar activation induced by reflexive and voluntary saccades.
Resting state functional connectivity of the subthalamic nucleus in Parkinson's disease assessed using arterial spin-labeled perfusion fMRI.
Relationship between regional hemodynamic activity and simultaneously recorded EEG-theta associated with mental arithmetic-induced workload.
The amblyopic deficit and its relationship to geniculo-cortical processing streams.
Category training induces cross-modal object representations in the adult human brain.
Widespread decreased grey and white matter in paediatric obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD): A voxel-based morphometric MRI study
Perceived communicative context and emotional content amplify visual word processing in the fusiform gyrus.
Neural mechanisms of attentional reorienting in three-dimensional space.
Music Intervention Leads to Increased Insular Connectivity and Improved Clinical  Symptoms in Schizophrenia.
Visual Information Shapes the Dynamics of Corticobasal Ganglia Pathways during Response Selection and Inhibition.
Cerebral responses to vocal attractiveness and auditory hallucinations in schizophrenia: a functional MRI study
Interactions of the hippocampal system and the prefrontal cortex in learning language-like rules.
Anterior Temporal Lobe Tracks the Formation of Prejudice.
Resting state functional connectivity of the amygdala and problem drinking in non-dependent alcohol drinkers.
Human midbrain sensitivity to cognitive feedback and uncertainty during classification learning.
A hemodynamic model for layered BOLD signals.
fMRI Assessment of Thalamocortical Connectivity during Attentional Performance
Going beyond inferior prefrontal involvement in semantic control: evidence for the additional contribution of dorsal angular gyrus and posterior middle temporal cortex.
A multicentre study of motor functional connectivity changes in patients with multiple sclerosis.
Grammatical categories in the brain: the role of morphological structure.
White matter tract integrity of frontostriatal circuit in attention deficit hyperactivity disorder: association with attention performance and symptoms.
Dynamic changes in parietal activation during encoding: Implications for human learning and memory
Disentangling syntax and intelligibility in auditory language comprehension.
Tinnitus and musical hallucinosis: The same but more
Automatic denoising of functional MRI data: combining independent component analysis and hierarchical fusion of classifiers.
Brain abnormalities underlying altered activation in dyslexia: a voxel based morphometry study.
The neural basis of interindividual variability in inhibitory efficiency after sleep deprivation.
A neural mechanism for recognizing speech spoken by different speakers.
The neural signature of self-concept development in adolescence: The role of domain and valence distinctions.
From word reading to multisentence comprehension: Improvements in brain activity  in children with autism after reading intervention.
Actions or hand-object interactions? Human inferior frontal cortex and action observation.
Altered motor network recruitment during finger tapping in boys with Tourette syndrome.
Neural Activity Patterns in the Human Brain Reflect Tactile Stickiness Perception.
Forgetting of emotional information is hard: an fMRI study of directed forgetting.
"Selectivity of human retinotopic visual cortex to S-cone-opponent, L/M-cone-opponent and achromatic stimulation."
Functional neuroanatomy of arithmetic and word reading and its relationship to age.
Converging evidence for the advantage of dynamic facial expressions.
Learning by doing? The effect of gestures on implicit retrieval of newly acquired words.
Visual speech circuits in profound acquired deafness: a possible role for latent  multimodal connectivity.
Attention to detail: why considering task demands is essential for single-trial analysis of BOLD correlates of the visual P1 and N1.
Dissociable contributions of left and right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in planning.
Of 'disgrace' and 'pain' - corticolimbic interaction patterns for disorder-relevant and emotional words in social phobia.
"Identifying the what, why, and how of an observed action: an fMRI study of mentalizing and mechanizing during action observation."
Low frequency BOLD fluctuations during resting wakefulness and light sleep: a simultaneous EEG-fMRI study.
Quantifying the reconfiguration of intrinsic networks during working memory.
Musical training-induced functional reorganization of the adult brain: functional magnetic resonance imaging and transcranial magnetic stimulation study on amateur string players.
Longitudinal assessment of local and global functional connectivity following sports-related concussion.
Preference for Audiovisual Speech Congruency in Superior Temporal Cortex.
Anterior Insular Cortex and Emotional Awareness
"Event-related repetitive TMS reveals distinct, critical roles for right OFA and bilateral posterior STS in judging the sex and trustworthiness of faces."
Source localisation in concurrent EEG/fMRI: applications at 7T.
The neural correlates of 'deaf-hearing' in man: conscious sensory awareness enabled by attentional modulation.
Learning- and expectation-related changes in the human brain during motor learning.
Encoding- and retrieval-related brain activity underlying false recognition
Changes in resting connectivity during recovery from severe traumatic brain injury.
Functional dissociation of attentional selection within PFC: response and non-response related aspects of attentional selection as ascertained by fMRI.
Motion class dependency in observers' motor areas revealed by functional magnetic resonance imaging.
The Functional Neuroanatomy of Male Psychosexual and Physiosexual Arousal: A Quantitative Meta-Analysis
Semantic Memory fMRI and Cognitive Function After Exercise Intervention in Mild Cognitive Impairment
Hemispheric asymmetries and individual differences in visual concept learning as  measured by functional MRI.
Functional dissociation in frontal and striatal areas for processing of positive  and negative reward information.
Neuronal mechanisms underlying control of a brain-computer interface.
Reduced volume of gray matter in patients with trigeminal neuralgia.
An individual differences analysis of the neurocognitive architecture of the semantic system at rest.
Influence of Alcohol Use on Neural Response to Go/No-Go Task in College Drinkers
"Neural signatures of economic parameters during decision-making: a functional MRI (FMRI), electroencephalography (EEG) and autonomic monitoring study."
Task-relevance and temporal synchrony between tactile and visual stimuli modulates cortical activity and motor performance during sensory-guided movement.
Histological and magnetic resonance imaging assessment of cortical layering and thickness in autism spectrum disorders.
"An additive-factors design to disambiguate neuronal and areal convergence: measuring multisensory interactions between audio, visual, and haptic sensory streams using fMRI."
Multiple neural representations of object-directed action in an imitative context.
Assessing crossmodal matching of abstract auditory and visual stimuli in posterior superior temporal sulcus with MEG
Sleep spindles: a physiological marker of age-related changes in gray matter in brain regions supporting motor skill memory consolidation.
Medial temporal lobe activation during context-dependent relational processes in  episodic retrieval: an fMRI study. Functional magnetic resonance imaging.
fMR-adaptation reveals separate processing regions for the perception of form and texture in the human ventral stream.
Action affordances and visuo-spatial complexity in motor imagery: An fMRI study.
"Is there a cerebellar compensatory effort in first-episode, treatment-naive major depressive disorder at rest?"
Visual presentation of novel objects and new spatial arrangements of objects differentially activates the medial temporal lobe subareas in humans.
Effects of Acute Alcohol Intoxication on Empathic Neural Responses for Pain.
Visuo-motor pathways in humans revealed by event-related fMRI.
Patterns of modulation in the activity and connectivity of motor cortex during the repeated generation of movement sequences.
Hippocampal activation during episodic and semantic memory retrieval: comparing category production and category cued recall.
Neural predictors and mechanisms of cognitive behavioral therapy on threat processing in social anxiety disorder
Hearing syllables by seeing visual stimuli.
Fusion analysis of first episode depression: Where brain shape deformations meet  local composition of tissue.
Children's brain activation during risky decision-making: A contributor to substance problems?
Functional imaging of an alcohol-Implicit Association Test (IAT)
Hemispheric asymmetry in human lateral prefrontal cortex during cognitive set shifting.
Human trace fear conditioning: right-lateralized cortical activity supports trace-interval processes.
You can't stop the music: Reduced auditory alpha power and coupling between auditory and memory regions facilitate the illusory perception of music during noise
Anatomical correlates of sentence comprehension and verbal working memory in neurodegenerative disease.
Visual Working Memory Enhances the Neural Response to Matching Visual Input.
Short-term escitalopram treatment normalizes aberrant self-referential processing in major depressive disorder.
Dynamic functional changes associated with cognitive skill learning of an adapted version of the Tower of London task.
Neural correlates of working memory deficits and associations to response inhibition in obsessive compulsive disorder.
Candy and the brain: neural response to candy gains and losses.
Anhedonia correlates with abnormal functional connectivity of the superior temporal gyrus and the caudate nucleus in patients with first-episode drug-naive  major depressive disorder.
Modulation of effective connectivity during vocalization with perturbed auditory feedback
Childhood Poverty Predicts Adult Amygdala and Frontal Activity and Connectivity in Response to Emotional Faces.
Activation of the cerebellar cortex and the dentate nucleus in a prism adaptation fMRI study.
Distributed Neural Processing Predictors of Multi-dimensional Properties of Affect.
How context features modulate the involvement of the working memory system during discourse comprehension.
When the brain does not adequately feel the body: Links between low resilience and interoception.
Metaphorical sentences are more emotionally engaging than their literal counterparts.
Different roles of the frontal and parietal regions in memory-guided saccade: a PCA approach on time course of BOLD signal changes.
Reduced anterior cingulate gyrus volume correlates with executive dysfunction in  men with first-episode schizophrenia.
Altered baseline brain activity in type 2 diabetes: A resting-state fMRI study
Altered functional connectivity of the insular cortex across prefrontal networks in cocaine addiction
What is the position of an arm relative to the body? Neural correlates of body schema and body structural description.
Pain sensitisers exhibit grey matter changes after repetitive pain exposure: A longitudinal voxel-based morphometry study
Decreased brain volumes in manganese-exposed welders
Exploring the cortical and subcortical functional magnetic resonance imaging changes associated with freezing in Parkinson's disease.
Differentiating emotional processing and attention in psychopathy with functional neuroimaging.
Early sensory encoding of affective prosody: neuromagnetic tomography of emotional category changes.
Early setting of grammatical processing in the bilingual brain.
Cortical Activation during Landmark-Centered vs. Gaze-Centered Memory of Saccade  Targets in the Human: An FMRI Study.
Episodic memory and self-reference via semantic autobiographical memory: insights from an fMRI study in younger and older adults.
The alterations in regional homogeneity of parieto-cingulate and temporo-cerebellum regions of first-episode medication-naive depression patients.
The nature of memory related activity in early visual areas.
Cortical organization of inhibition-related functions and modulation by psychopathology
Assessing the influence of scanner background noise on auditory processing. II. An fMRI study comparing auditory processing in the absence and presence of recorded scanner noise using a sparse design.
Sleep restriction increases the neuronal response to unhealthy food in normal-weight individuals
Limitation of physical performance in a muscle fatiguing handgrip exercise is mediated by thalamo-insular activity.
Brain morphometry predicts individual creative potential and the ability to combine remote ideas.
The human parietal cortex is involved in spatial processing of tongue movement-an fMRI study.
The time course of ventrolateral prefrontal cortex involvement in memory formation.
Dynamic coding of events within the inferior frontal gyrus in a probabilistic selective attention task.
Modafinil augments brain activation associated with reward anticipation in the nucleus accumbens.
Default Mode Network Connectivity in Stroke Patients.
An event-related fMRI study of the neurobehavioral impact of sleep deprivation on performance of a delayed-match-to-sample task.
Altered parahippocampal functioning in cannabis users is related to the frequency of use.
Different neural systems contribute to semantic bias and conflict detection in the inclusion fallacy task.
Involvement of rostral prefrontal cortex in selection between stimulus-oriented and stimulus-independent thought.
Mental reversal of imagined melodies: a role for the posterior parietal cortex.
Functional dissociation of hippocampal mechanism during implicit learning based on the domain of associations.
Foreign accent syndrome: a multimodal evaluation in the search of neuroscience-driven treatments.
Altered regional homogeneity patterns in adults with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder
Setting the frame: the human brain activates a basic low-frequency network for language processing.
The human basal ganglia modulate frontal-posterior connectivity during attention  shifting.
Decreasing ventromedial prefrontal cortex activity during sequential risk-taking: an FMRI investigation of the balloon analog risk task.
Task-dependent neural correlates of the processing of verbal threat-related stimuli in social phobia.
Response inhibition and elevated parietal-cerebellar correlations in chronic adolescent cannabis users
Modulation of CNS pain circuitry by intravenous and sublingual doses of buprenorphine.
Sex Differences in Emotion-related Cognitive Processes in Irritable Bowel Syndrome and Healthy Control Subjects
Neurofeedback-mediated self-regulation of the dopaminergic midbrain
Abnormal gray and white matter volume in delusional infestation
Trait anhedonia is associated with reduced reactivity and connectivity of mesolimbic and paralimbic reward pathways
Saccades to a remembered location elicit spatially specific activation in human retinotopic visual cortex.
"Activity in ventromedial prefrontal cortex covaries with sympathetic skin conductance level: a physiological account of a ""default mode"" of brain function."
Stress differentially affects fear conditioning in men and women
Brain regions that process case: evidence from Basque.
Strong Evidence for Pattern Separation in Human Dentate Gyrus.
Relating anatomical and social connectivity: white matter microstructure predicts emotional empathy.
Mechanical noxious stimuli cause bilateral activation of parietal operculum in callosotomized subjects.
Neurofunctional modulation of brain regions by the observation of pointing and grasping actions.
Eyeblink conditioning in unmedicated schizophrenia patients: A positron emission tomography study
Perceptual knowledge retrieval activates sensory brain regions.
Functional connectivity change between posterior cingulate cortex and ventral attention network relates to the impairment of orientation for time in Alzheimer's disease patients.
Caudate Resting Connectivity Predicts Implicit Probabilistic Sequence Learning
Cue-induced activation of the striatum and medial prefrontal cortex is associated with subsequent relapse in abstinent alcoholics.
"Spatially selective representations of voluntary and stimulus-driven attentional  priority in human occipital, parietal, and frontal cortex."
The cerebellum predicts the timing of perceptual events.
Neural mechanisms of transient and sustained cognitive control during task switching.
Stepping stone sampling for retrieving artifact-free electroencephalogram during  functional magnetic resonance imaging.
The push of social pain: Does rejection's sting motivate subsequent social reconnection?
Verbal working memory and functional large-scale networks in schizophrenia.
Neuroanatomical correlates of neuropsychiatric symptoms in Alzheimer's disease.
Cortical mechanisms of smooth pursuit eye movements with target blanking. An fMRI study.
Distinct frontoparietal networks set the stage for later perceptual identification priming and episodic recognition memory.
Elucidating neuroanatomical alterations in the at risk mental state and first episode psychosis: A combined voxel-based morphometry and voxel-based cortical thickness study
Abnormal synchrony of resting state networks in premanifest and symptomatic Huntington disease: the IMAGE-HD study
Correlations between CSF proteins and spontaneous neuronal activity in Parkinson's disease.
Grey matter density changes of structures involved in Posttraumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD) after recovery following Eye Movement Desensitization and Reprocessing (EMDR) therapy.
"Semantic, factual, and social language comprehension in adolescents with autism:  an FMRI study."
Right inferior prefrontal cortex mediates response inhibition while mesial prefrontal cortex is responsible for error detection.
Dynamic updating of hippocampal object representations reflects new conceptual knowledge.
Differential contributions of bilateral ventral anterior temporal lobe and left anterior superior temporal gyrus to semantic processes.
Social cognition and the cerebellum: A meta-analysis of over 350 fMRI studies
When three is not some: on the pragmatics of numerals.
Dissociated neural substrates underlying impulsive choice and impulsive action.
Neural Basis of Acquired Amusia and Its Recovery after Stroke.
Visually guided grasping produces fMRI activation in dorsal but not ventral stream brain areas.
DAT genotype modulates striatal processing and long-term memory for items associated with reward and punishment.
Consistent Neural Activity Patterns Represent Personally Familiar People.
Income change alters default mode network connectivity for adolescents in poverty.
Dissociable cortical pathways for qualitative and quantitative mechanisms in the  face inversion effect.
Visceral sensitivity correlates with decreased regional gray matter volume in healthy volunteers: A voxel-based morphometry study
A functional MRI study of simple arithmetic--a comparison between children and adults.
Corticolimbic structural alterations linked to health status and trait anxiety in functional neurological disorder.
Distinguishing subregions of the human MT+ complex using visual fields and pursuit eye movements.
Modulation effect of the SORL1 gene on functional connectivity density in healthy young adults.
Conscious recollection and illusory recognition: an event-related fMRI study.
Sex differences in the human brain and the impact of sex chromosomes and sex hormones.
Connectivity between Right Inferior Frontal Gyrus and Supplementary Motor Area Predicts After-Effects of Right Frontal Cathodal tDCS on Picture Naming Speed
Anticipatory brain activity predicts the success or failure of subsequent emotion regulation.
Working memory processes are mediated by local and long-range synchronization of  alpha oscillations.
The brain network underlying the recognition of hand gestures in the blind: the supramodal role of the extrastriate body area.
Establishing the resting state default mode network derived from functional magnetic resonance imaging tasks as an endophenotype: A twins study.
High frequency functional brain networks in neonates revealed by rapid acquisition resting state fMRI.
Knowledge Acquisition during Exam Preparation Improves Memory and Modulates Memory Formation.
An fMRI study of verbal episodic memory encoding in amnestic mild cognitive impairment.
An eight month randomized controlled exercise intervention alters resting state synchrony in overweight children
"Fitness, but not physical activity, is related to functional integrity of brain networks associated with aging."
Dissociating Bottom-Up and Top-Down Mechanisms in the Cortico-Limbic System during Emotion Processing.
Serotonergic modulation of neuronal responses to behavioural inhibition and reinforcing stimuli: an fMRI study in healthy volunteers.
Functional neuroanatomy of response inhibition in bipolar disorders – Combined voxel based and cognitive performance meta-analysis
An fMRI investigation of the cultural specificity of music memory.
Alterations in Brain Structure and Functional Connectivity in Alcohol Dependent Patients and Possible Association with Impulsivity.
Maternal status regulates cortical responses to the body odor of newborns
Altered neural activity of magnitude estimation processing in adults with the fragile X premutation
Rapid Tuning of Auditory “What” and “Where” Pathways by Training
Remember the Future II: Meta-analyses and Functional Overlap of Working Memory and Delay Discounting
The mid-ventrolateral prefrontal cortex: insights into its role in memory retrieval.
Dissociating valence of outcome from behavioral control in human orbital and ventral prefrontal cortices.
A penny for your thoughts! patterns of fMRI activity reveal the content and the spatial topography of visual mental images.
The potential of infant fMRI research and the study of early life stress as a promising exemplar.
The relationship between brain oscillations and BOLD signal during memory formation: a combined EEG-fMRI study.
The effects of COMT (Val108/158Met) and DRD4 (SNP -521) dopamine genotypes on brain activations related to valence and magnitude of rewards.
Connectivity of the hippocampus and Broca's area during acquisition of a novel grammar.
Grammatical comprehension deficits in non-fluent/agrammatic primary progressive aphasia
Is a neutral expression also a neutral stimulus? A study with functional magnetic resonance.
Alterations of the visual pathways in congenital blindness.
What aspect of the fMRI BOLD signal best reflects the underlying electrophysiology in human somatosensory cortex?
Correspondence of executive function related functional and anatomical alterations in aging brain
Cross-sectional variations of white and grey matter in older hypertensive patients with subjective memory complaints.
Spinal cord-midbrain functional connectivity is related to perceived pain intensity: a combined spino-cortical FMRI study.
Rhythm information represented in the fronto-parieto-cerebellar motor system.
Corticostriatal contributions to musical expectancy perception.
A multiparametric evaluation of regional brain damage in patients with primary progressive multiple sclerosis.
Brain activation in response to overt and covert fear and happy faces in women with borderline personality disorder.
Organizational Structure Reduces Processing Load in the Prefrontal Cortex During Discourse Processing of Written Text: Implications for High-Level Reading Issues After TBI
Gray matter volume and dual-task gait performance in mild cognitive impairment.
Prefrontal direct current stimulation modulates resting EEG and event-related potentials in healthy subjects: a standardized low resolution tomography (sLORETA) study.
Detecting functional connectivity in fMRI using PCA and regression analysis.
A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study of Working Memory in Youth after Sports-Related Concussion: Is It Still Working?
Response of anterior temporal cortex to syntactic and prosodic manipulations during sentence processing.
Childhood maltreatment is associated with gray matter volume abnormalities in patients with first-episode depression.
fMRI and sleep correlates of the age-related impairment in motor memory consolidation.
How are the motor system activity and functional connectivity between the cognitive and sensorimotor systems modulated by athletic expertise?
Population dynamics under the Laplace assumption.
Learning new sounds of speech: reallocation of neural substrates.
Willed action and attention to the selection of action.
The neural underpinings of simultanagnosia: disconnecting the visuospatial attention network.
Processing lexical semantic and syntactic information in first and second language: fMRI evidence from German and Russian.
Systematic approach to dipole localization of interictal EEG spikes in children with extratemporal lobe epilepsies.
Voluntary inhibition of pain avoidance behavior: an fMRI study.
Neural mechanisms of phonemic restoration for speech comprehension revealed by magnetoencephalography
"Regional homogeneity and functional connectivity patterns in major depressive disorder, cognitive vulnerability to depression and healthy subjects."
Resource-demanding versus cost-effective bimanual interaction in the brain.
Verum and sham acupuncture exert distinct cerebral activation in pain processing  areas: a crossover fMRI investigation in healthy volunteers.
On the processing of semantic aspects of experience in the anterior medial temporal lobe: an event-related fMRI study.
Musical experts recruit action-related neural structures in harmonic anomaly detection: Evidence for embodied cognition in expertise
Altered likelihood of brain activation in attention and working memory networks in patients with multiple sclerosis: An ALE meta-analysis
Revealing modular architecture of human brain structural networks by using cortical thickness from MRI.
Vertex-based morphometry in euthymic bipolar disorder implicates striatal regions involved in psychomotor function.
Aging is associated with contrasting changes in local and distant cortical connectivity in the human motor system.
Brain activation during input from mechanoinsensitive versus polymodal C-nociceptors.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation of frontal oculomotor regions during smooth pursuit.
Neural Substrates of Inhibitory Control Deficits in 22q11.2 Deletion Syndrome
Motor planning is facilitated by adopting an action's goal posture: an fMRI study.
Stimulus-contrast-induced biases in activation order reveal interaction between V1/V2 and human MT+.
Attentional systems in target and distractor processing: a combined ERP and fMRI  study.
Grey matter abnormalities in untreated hyperthyroidism: A voxel-based morphometry study using the DARTEL approach
Neural correlates of second-order verbal deception: A functional near-infrared spectroscopy (fNIRS) study
Patient HC with developmental amnesia can construct future scenarios.
Asymmetry in primary auditory cortex activity in tinnitus patients and controls
Neuro-anatomical correlates of a number bisection bias: A neuropsychological voxel-based morphometry study
Motor and non-motor error and the influence of error magnitude on brain activity.
Neural Mechanisms Underlying Risk and Ambiguity Attitudes.
"Technology, expertise and social cognition in human evolution."
Cerebellar tDCS Modulates Neural Circuits during Semantic Prediction: A Combined  tDCS-fMRI Study.
Distinct processing of ambiguous speech in people with non-clinical auditory verbal hallucinations.
Network Connectivity of the Right STS in Three Social Perception Localizers.
Anticipation-related brain connectivity in bipolar and unipolar depression: a graph theory approach.
Neural representation of decision confidence.
Habenula functional resting-state connectivity in pediatric CRPS
Processing of affective and emotionally neutral tactile stimuli in the insular cortex.
The role of the dorsal anterior cingulate in evaluating behavior for achieving gains and avoiding losses.
Preparatory neural networks are impaired in adults with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder during the antisaccade task
Structural imaging differences and longitudinal changes in primary lateral sclerosis and amyotrophic lateral sclerosis
Aberrant salience network (bilateral insula and anterior cingulate cortex) connectivity during information processing in schizophrenia.
Inaudible high-frequency sounds affect brain activity: hypersonic effect.
Unfair? It depends: neural correlates of fairness in social context.
Region-specific modulations in oscillatory alpha activity serve to facilitate processing in the visual and auditory modalities
Brain mechanisms mediating auditory attentional capture in humans.
Neural mechanism in anterior prefrontal cortex for inhibition of prolonged set interference.
The effects of methylphenidate on cerebral activations to salient stimuli in healthy adults
Body scheme gates visual processing.
Dynamic gamma frequency feedback coupling between higher and lower order visual cortices underlies perceptual completion in humans
Tight covariation of BOLD signal changes and slow ERPs in the parietal cortex in  a parametric spatial imagery task with haptic acquisition.
Dissociable roles of the anterior temporal regions in successful encoding of memory for person identity information.
The Neural Representation of Voluntary Task-Set Selection in Dynamic Environments.
Whole-brain functional connectivity during emotional word classification in medication-free Major Depressive Disorder: Abnormal salience circuitry and relations to positive emotionality
The architecture of the colour centre in the human visual brain: new results and  a review.
Training-dependent plasticity in patients with multiple sclerosis.
Neural correlates of creative writing: an fMRI study.
FMRI evidence for an organization of prefrontal cortex by both type of process and type of information.
Evening hyperphagia and food motivation: A preliminary study of neural mechanisms
The Two Sides of Pain Communication: Effects of Pain Expressiveness on Vicarious Brain Responses Revealed in Chronic Back Pain Patients
Structural alterations in brainstem of fibromyalgia syndrome patients correlate with sensitivity to mechanical pressure
Distinct cortical networks support the planning and online control of reaching-to-grasp in humans.
The neural correlates of apathy in schizophrenia: An exploratory investigation.
Concept Representation Reflects Multimodal Abstraction: A Framework for Embodied  Semantics.
Higher volume of ventral striatum and right prefrontal cortex in pathological gambling.
Degree of musical expertise modulates higher order brain functioning.
Naming of animals and tools: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study of categorical differences in the human brain areas commonly used for naming visually presented objects.
Attractiveness Modulates Neural Processing of Infant Faces Differently in Males and Females.
Cortisol administration increases hippocampal activation to infant crying in males depending on childhood neglect.
Dorsal striatal-midbrain connectivity in humans predicts how reinforcements are used to guide decisions.
Behavioural treatment increases activity in the cognitive neuronal networks in children with attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder.
Mindfulness disposition and default-mode network connectivity in older adults.
The role of the striatum in effort-based decision-making in the absence of reward.
Trigeminal nociceptive transmission in migraineurs predicts migraine attacks.
Regional differences in SERT occupancy after acute and prolonged SSRI intake investigated by brain PET
Reaching across the abyss: recent advances in functional magnetic resonance imaging and their potential relevance to disorders of consciousness.
Rumination mediates the relationship between structural variations in ventrolateral prefrontal cortex and sensitivity to negative life events
Aversive Learning in Adolescents: Modulation by Amygdala–Prefrontal and Amygdala–Hippocampal Connectivity and Neuroticism
Medial prefrontal cortex dissociation between self and others in a referential task: An fMRI study based on word traits
Thalamic-insular dysconnectivity in schizophrenia: evidence from structural equation modeling.
Stimulus-response profile during single-pulse transcranial magnetic stimulation to the primary motor cortex.
Neural functional correlates of the impact of socio-emotional stimuli on performances on a flanker task in children aged 9-11 years.
Subcortical Modulation of Attentional Control by Second-Generation Antipsychotics in First-Episode Psychosis
Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation Modulates Neuronal Networks in Attention  Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder.
Extinction of Conditioned Fear in Adolescents and Adults: A Human fMRI Study.
Understanding effector selectivity in human posterior parietal cortex by combining information patterns and activation measures.
Investigating causality between interacting brain areas with multivariate autoregressive models of MEG sensor data.
Avoidance-based human Pavlovian-to-instrumental transfer
Differential effects of global and cerebellar normalization on detection and differentiation of dementia in FDG-PET studies.
Positron emission tomography imaging of 5-hydroxytryptamine1B receptors in Parkinson's disease
Brain Reward Region Responsivity of Adolescents with and without Parental Substance Use Disorders
Preparatory activity in occipital cortex in early blind humans predicts auditory  perceptual performance.
"Ventromedial PFC, parahippocampal, and cerebellar connectivity are associated with temporal discounting in old age"
Regional decrease in gray matter volume is related to body dissatisfaction in anorexia nervosa.
Dissociating valuation and saliency signals during decision-making.
Neural correlation of successful cognitive behaviour therapy for spider phobia: A magnetoencephalography study
Activity in the nucleus accumbens and amygdala underlies individual differences in prosocial and individualistic economic choices.
Human cerebral cortex: a system for the integration of volume- and surface-based  representations.
Increased activation of the anterior cingulate cortex during processing of disgust faces in individuals with social phobia.
Activation during endogenous orienting of visual attention using symbolic pointers in the human parietal and frontal cortices: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Pain Does Not Follow the Boxcar Model: Temporal Dynamics of the BOLD fMRI Signal During Constant Current Painful Electric Nerve Stimulation
Detecting deception using functional magnetic resonance imaging.
The role of the posterior parietal cortex in human object recognition: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Rolandic alpha and beta EEG rhythms' strengths are inversely related to fMRI-BOLD signal in primary somatosensory and motor cortex.
Traffic pollution exposure is associated with altered brain connectivity in school children.
Saccade Modulation by Optical and Electrical Stimulation in the Macaque Frontal Eye Field
Common neural processing regions for dynamic and static stereopsis in human parieto-occipital cortices.
The Multiple-Demand System in the Novelty of Musical Improvisation: Evidence from an MRI Study on Composers.
Active and passive touch differentially activate somatosensory cortex in texture  perception.
The impact of dystrobrevin-binding protein 1 (DTNBP1) on neural correlates of episodic memory encoding and retrieval.
"Genetic effects on the cerebellar role in working memory: Same brain, different genes?"
Brain activation during automatic and controlled processing of semantic relations: a priming experiment using lexical-decision.
Increased cerebral blood flow among adolescents with bipolar disorder at rest is  reduced following acute aerobic exercise.
Executive control during episodic retrieval: multiple prefrontal processes subserve source memory.
Neural processes during encoding support durable memory.
Functional MRI of facial emotion recognition deficits in schizophrenia and their  electrophysiological correlates.
Exploring the neural correlates of social stereotyping.
Abnormal brain structure implicated in patients with functional dyspepsia.
Negative myoclonus induced by cortical electrical stimulation in epileptic patients.
Spatial remapping of cortico-striatal connectivity in Parkinson's disease.
The human brain distinguishes between single odorants and binary mixtures.
Orthographic Dependency in the Neural Correlates of Reading: Evidence from Audiovisual Integration in English Readers.
Male carriers of the FMR1 premutation show altered hippocampal-prefrontal function during memory encoding.
Zooming in and zooming out of the attentional focus: an FMRI study.
Somatotopic representation of action words in human motor and premotor cortex.
The effects of escitalopram on working memory and brain activity in healthy adults during performance of the n-back task.
Where bottom-up meets top-down: neuronal interactions during perception and imagery.
Response to anticipated reward in the nucleus accumbens predicts behavior in an independent test of honesty.
The role of the right hemisphere in processing nonsalient metaphorical meanings:  application of principal components analysis to fMRI data.
Abnormal fronto-limbic engagement in incarcerated stimulant users during moral processing.
Dorsal and ventral attention systems underlie social and symbolic cueing
"Combination of Resting State fMRI, DTI, and sMRI Data to Discriminate Schizophrenia by N-way MCCA + jICA."
Paroxetine-induced modulation of cortical activity supporting language representations of action.
The function of the left angular gyrus in mental arithmetic: evidence from the associative confusion effect.
Visual processing of multiple elements in the dyslexic brain: evidence for a superior parietal dysfunction.
A surface-based analysis of language lateralization and cortical asymmetry.
The interaction of lexical semantics and cohort competition in spoken word recognition: an fMRI study.
BOLD signal in sensorimotor regions reveals differential encoding of passive forefinger velocity and displacement amplitude.
Dopaminergic drug effects during reversal learning depend on anatomical connections between the orbitofrontal cortex and the amygdala
Reduced Sensitivity to Sooner Reward During Intertemporal Decision-Making Following Insula Damage in Humans.
Violence as a source of pleasure or displeasure is associated with specific functional connectivity with the nucleus accumbens
"Neural responses to morphological, syntactic, and semantic properties of single words: an fMRI study."
Abnormal global functional network connectivity and its relationship to medial temporal atrophy in patients with amnestic mild cognitive impairment.
Preliminary sex differences in human cortical BOLD fMRI activity during the preparation of increasingly complex visually guided movements.
Expectation and temperament moderate amygdala and dorsal anterior cingulate cortex responses to fear faces.
The retinotopic organization of the human middle temporal area MT/V5 and its cortical neighbors.
A genome-wide supported variant in CACNA1C influences hippocampal activation during episodic memory encoding and retrieval.
Tactile attention tasks enhance activation in somatosensory regions of parietal cortex: a positron emission tomography study.
Cortical and Subcortical Connections of the Human Claustrum Revealed In Vivo by Constrained Spherical Deconvolution Tractography.
Tracking the mind's image in the brain II: transcranial magnetic stimulation reveals parietal asymmetry in visuospatial imagery.
Persistency and flexibility of complex brain networks underlie dual-task interference.
A critical review of the neuroimaging literature on synesthesia.
Functional imaging of decision conflict.
The representation of tool use in humans and monkeys: common and uniquely human features.
Chronic stress exposure may affect the brain's response to high calorie food cues and predispose to obesogenic eating habits
Effects of the brief viewing of emotional stimuli on understanding of insight solutions.
Games people play: How video games improve probabilistic learning.
Frontostriatal Contribution to the Interplay of Flexibility and Stability in Serial Prediction.
Interhemispheric differences in auditory processing revealed by fMRI in awake rhesus monkeys.
Analogical reasoning and prefrontal cortex: evidence for separable retrieval and  integration mechanisms.
Disrupted connectivity of motor loops in Parkinson's disease during self-initiated but not externally-triggered movements
Feature-independent neural coding of target detection during search of natural scenes.
Neural activity in the human brain relating to uncertainty and arousal during anticipation.
Distributed self in episodic memory: neural correlates of successful retrieval of self-encoded positive and negative personality traits.
How self-initiated memorized movements become automatic: a functional MRI study.
Dynamics of brain responses to phobic-related stimulation in specific phobia subtypes.
Structural covariance in the human cortex.
Effects of rTMS of pre-supplementary motor area on fronto basal ganglia network activity during stop-signal task.
Default mode network dissociation in depressive and anxiety states.
"A Novel Feature-Map Based ICA Model for Identifying the Individual, Intra/Inter-Group Brain Networks across Multiple fMRI Datasets."
Frontostriatal and Mediotemporal Lobe Contributions to Implicit Higher-Order Spatial Sequence Learning Declines in Aging and Parkinson’s Disease
"Distributed and overlapping cerebral representations of number, size, and luminance during comparative judgments."
Human brain regions involved in recognizing environmental sounds.
Multimodal Imaging Evidence for a Frontoparietal Modulation of Visual Cortex during the Selective Processing of Conditioned Threat.
Error Blindness and Motivational Significance: Shifts in Networks Centering on Anterior Insula Co-Vary with Error Awareness and Pupil Dilation.
Differential effects of dual and unihemispheric motor cortex stimulation in older adults.
Dynamic oscillatory processes governing cued orienting and allocation of auditory attention
Persistent Differences in Patterns of Brain Activation after Sports-Related Concussion: A Longitudinal Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Effects of literacy in early visual and occipitotemporal areas of Chinese and French readers.
Time-dependent effects of corticosteroids on human amygdala processing.
Individual Differences in the Accuracy of Judgments of Learning Are Related to the Gray Matter Volume and Functional Connectivity of the Left Mid-Insula.
Extended-release naltrexone (XR-NTX) attenuates brain responses to alcohol cues in alcohol-dependent volunteers: A bold FMRI study
Adolescent immaturity in attention-related brain engagement to emotional facial expressions.
Objective evidence of cognitive complaints in Chronic Fatigue Syndrome: a BOLD fMRI study of verbal working memory.
Neural Correlates of Three Neurocognitive Intervention Strategies: A Preliminary Step Towards Personalized Treatment for Psychological Disorders
A comparison of 'Early' and 'Late' stage brain activation during brief practice of a simple motor task.
Perception of affective and linguistic prosody: an ALE meta-analysis of neuroimaging studies
Reappraisal of the motor role of basal ganglia: a functional magnetic resonance image study.
Neurodevelopmental perspectives on dance learning: Insights from early adolescence and young adulthood.
Distractor-resistant Short-Term Memory Is Supported by Transient Changes in Neural Stimulus Representations.
Role of the olivo-cerebellar system in timing.
"Autism, Asperger syndrome and brain mechanisms for the attribution of mental states to animated shapes."
Activation of the human mirror neuron system during the observation of the manipulation of virtual tools in the absence of a visible effector limb.
Left cytoarchitectonic BA 44 processes syntactic gender violations in determiner  phrases.
The functional anatomy of inspection time: an event-related fMRI study.
Early cortical gray matter loss and cognitive correlates in non-demented Parkinson's patients
Show me how you walk and I tell you how you feel — A functional near-infrared spectroscopy study on emotion perception based on human gait
Fronto-limbic-striatal dysfunction in pediatric and adult patients with bipolar disorder: impact of face emotion and attentional demands
The effect of video-guidance on passive movement in patients with cerebral palsy: fMRI study
A voxel based morphometry study on mild cognitive impairment.
Neural bases of antisocial behavior: a voxel-based meta-analysis
Coordinate Based Meta-Analysis of Functional Neuroimaging Data; False Discovery Control and Diagnostics
Spontaneous low-frequency BOLD signal fluctuations: an fMRI investigation of the  resting-state default mode of brain function hypothesis.
"Working memory load modulates the auditory ""What"" and ""Where"" neural networks."
Quantitative analysis of attention and detection signals during visual search.
"Individual variation in intentionality in the mind-wandering state is reflected in the integration of the default-mode, fronto-parietal, and limbic networks."
Increased amygdala activation during automatic processing of facial emotion in schizophrenia.
"Abdominal Pain, the Adolescent and Altered Brain Structure and Function."
Diffusion tensor imaging reveals white matter reorganization in early blind humans.
Encoding and the durability of episodic memory: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Genetic variation in G72 correlates with brain activation in the right middle temporal gyrus in a verbal fluency task in healthy individuals.
Cerebellar Involvement in Patients with Mild to Moderate Myoclonus Due to EPM1: Structural and Functional MRI Findings in Comparison with Healthy Controls and Ataxic Patients.
Learning Temporal Statistics for Sensory Predictions in Aging.
Universal brain signature of proficient reading: Evidence from four contrasting languages.
Brain processing of the signals ascending through unmyelinated C fibers in humans: an event-related functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Superadditive responses in superior temporal sulcus predict audiovisual benefits  in object categorization.
Movement-related cerebellar activation in the absence of sensory input.
Brain mechanisms for inferring deceit in the actions of others.
Impaired hippocampal function during the detection of novel words in schizophrenia.
Genetic and environmental contributions to brain activation during calculation.
Maladaptive connectivity of Broca’s area in schizophrenia during audiovisual speech perception: An fMRI study
Activation in inhibitory brain regions during food choice correlates with temptation strength and self-regulatory success in weight-concerned women.
Transition of brain activation from frontal to parietal areas in visuomotor sequence learning.
Genes and memory: the neuroanatomical correlates of emotional memory in monozygotic twin discordant for schizophrenia.
Fragments of a larger whole: retrieval cues constrain observed neural correlates  of memory encoding.
Effects of endurance training on brain structures in chronic schizophrenia patients and healthy controls.
Regional specificity of format-specific priming effects in mirror word reading using functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Dysexecutive behaviour following deep brain lesions--a different type of disconnection syndrome?
Hybrid Cubature Kalman filtering for identifying nonlinear models from sampled recording: Estimation of neuronal dynamics.
The single-epoch fMRI design: validation of a simplified paradigm for the collection of subjective ratings.
The robustness of perception.
Effects of rapid eye movement sleep deprivation on fear extinction recall and prediction error signaling.
Methylphenidate modulates cerebral post-stroke reorganization.
Anatomical connections of the visual word form area.
Statistical parametric mapping of LORETA using high density EEG and individual MRI: application to mismatch negativities in schizophrenia.
Neural basis of processing sequential and hierarchical syntactic structures.
Facing temptation: The neural correlates of gambling availability during sports picture exposure.
Long-term information and distributed neural activation are relevant for the “internal features advantage” in face processing: Electrophysiological and source reconstruction evidence
Epigenetic variation in the serotonin transporter gene predicts resting state functional connectivity strength within the salience-network.
The major symptom dimensions of obsessive-compulsive disorder are mediated by partially distinct neural systems.
Human limb-specific and non-limb-specific brain representations during kinesthetic illusory movements of the upper and lower extremities.
Content-Specific Codes of Parametric Vibrotactile Working Memory in Humans.
Serial and parallel processing in the human auditory cortex: a magnetoencephalographic study.
The eye of the self: precuneus volume and visual perspective during autobiographical memory retrieval.
Functional neuroanatomy of perceiving surprised faces.
Contrasting resting-state fMRI abnormalities from sickle and non-sickle anemia.
Involvement of the human frontal eye field and multiple parietal areas in covert  visual selection during conjunction search.
Timing functions of the supplementary motor area: an event-related fMRI study.
Sleep leads to changes in the emotional memory trace: evidence from FMRI.
Studying the human somatosensory hand area: A new way to compare fMRI and MEG.
Brain regions related to tool use and action knowledge reflect nicotine dependence.
Regional grey matter volume abnormalities in bulimia nervosa and binge-eating disorder.
Modality effects in verbal working memory: differential prefrontal and parietal responses to auditory and visual stimuli.
Activation shift from medial to lateral temporal cortex associated with recency judgements following impoverished encoding.
Cortical activation during a spatiotemporal tactile comparison task.
The relationship between grey-matter and ASD and ADHD traits in typical adults.
Task-dependent modulation of the visual sensory thalamus assists visual-speech recognition.
Temporal-Order Judgment of Audiovisual Events Involves Network Activity Between Parietal and Prefrontal Cortices
Using Expectancy Theory to quantitatively dissociate the neural representation of motivation from its influential factors in the human brain: An fMRI study.
Putting spatial attention on the map: timing and localization of stimulus selection processes in striate and extrastriate visual areas.
Tension-related activity in the orbitofrontal cortex and amygdala: an fMRI study with music
Amygdala activation for eye contact despite complete cortical blindness.
Alpha band event-related desynchronization underlying social situational context  processing during irony comprehension: A magnetoencephalography source localization study.
Demand on verbal working memory delays haemodynamic response in the inferior prefrontal cortex.
Resting-state functional connectivity in multiple sclerosis: An examination of group differences and individual differences
"Whole brain, high resolution multiband spin-echo EPI fMRI at 7T: A comparison with gradient-echo EPI using a color-word Stroop task."
"Henry, where have you lost your Self?"
Right fronto-parietal involvement in monitoring spatial trajectories.
Monocular visual activation patterns in albinism as revealed by functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Are the neural correlates of subitizing and estimation dissociable? An fNIRS investigation
Cortical network dynamics during source memory retrieval: current density imaging with individual MRI.
The bilingual brain: Flexibility and control in the human cortex
Silent and continuous fMRI scanning differentially modulate activation in an auditory language comprehension task.
An insulin resistance associated neural correlate of impulsivity in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Forgetting as an active process: an FMRI investigation of item-method-directed forgetting.
"Effects of cholinergic enhancement on visual stimulation, spatial attention, and  spatial working memory."
fMRI evidence of age-related hippocampal dysfunction in feature binding in working memory.
Conflict-related dorsomedial frontal cortex activation during healthy food decisions is associated with increased cravings for high-fat foods.
Cortical dysfunction in patients with Huntington's disease during working memory  performance.
Impact of acute stress on human brain microstructure: An MR diffusion study of earthquake survivors.
When time shapes behavior: fMRI evidence of brain correlates of temporal monitoring.
A cortical network sensitive to stimulus salience in a neutral behavioral context across multiple sensory modalities.
Anatomically related grey and white matter abnormalities in adolescent-onset schizophrenia.
Recruitment and stabilization of brain activation within a working memory task; an FMRI study.
Hyper-influence of the orbitofrontal cortex over the ventral striatum in obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Valence-Specific Effects of BDNF Val66Met Polymorphism on Dopaminergic Stress and Reward Processing in Humans.
Short- and Long-Term Effects of a Novel on Connectivity in the Brain
On the role of the anterior prefrontal cortex in cognitive 'branching': An fMRI study.
Comparison of activation patterns between masking and inattention tasks: a coordinate-based meta-analysis of implicit emotional face processing
Neural activity associated with repetitive simulation of episodic counterfactual  thoughts.
Re-evaluating dissociations between implicit and explicit category learning: an event-related fMRI study.
Analysis of functional image analysis contest (FIAC) data with brainvoyager QX: From single-subject to cortically aligned group general linear model analysis and self-organizing group independent comp
Differential encoding mechanisms for subsequent associative recognition and free  recall.
How Do Acquired Political Identities Influence Our Neural Processing toward Others within the Context of a Trust Game?
Neural correlates of vibrotactile working memory in the human brain.
Neural correlates of increased risk-taking propensity in sleep-deprived people along with a changing risk level.
Differential anterior prefrontal activation during the recognition stage of a spatial working memory task.
Ventromedial prefrontal cortex activity and rapid eye movement sleep are associated with subsequent fear expression in human subjects.
The thalamus in cirrhotic patients with and without hepatic encephalopathy: A volumetric MRI study
In Search of the Trauma Memory: A Meta-Analysis of Functional Neuroimaging Studies of Symptom Provocation in Posttraumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD)
Perceived Conventionality in Co-speech Gestures Involves the Fronto-Temporal Language Network.
Abnormal striatal BOLD responses to reward anticipation and reward delivery in ADHD.
The location of feedback-related activity in the midcingulate cortex is predicted by local morphology.
Neural correlates of gentle skin stroking in early infancy.
The contribution of working memory to divided attention.
Cognitive influences on predictive saccadic tracking.
Sex differences in stress response circuitry activation dependent on female hormonal cycle.
The UNC/UMN Baby Connectome Project (BCP): An overview of the study design and protocol development.
Neural basis of recollection in first-episode major depression.
Functional neural circuits that underlie developmental stuttering.
Major Thought Restructuring: The Roles of Different Prefrontal Cortical Regions.
Trait positive affect is associated with hippocampal volume and change in caudate volume across adolescence.
The use of fMRI to detect neural responses to cognitive interference and planning: Evidence for a contribution of task related changes in heart rate?
Acute effects of the designer drugs benzylpiperazine (BZP) and trifluoromethylphenylpiperazine (TFMPP) using functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) and the Stroop task-a pilot study.
Semi-blind ICA of fMRI: A method for utilizing hypothesis-derived time courses in a spatial ICA analysis.
"Peering into the brain to predict behavior: Peer-reported, but not self-reported, conscientiousness links threat-related amygdala activity to future problem drinking."
Traumatic brain injury and grey matter concentration: a preliminary voxel based morphometry study.
Valuing one's self: medial prefrontal involvement in epistemic and emotive investments in self-views.
Increased cortisol levels in cognitively challenging situations are beneficial in young but not older subjects.
Adaptive visual memory reorganization in right medial temporal lobe epilepsy.
Disruption of the neural response to rapid acoustic stimuli in dyslexia: evidence from functional MRI.
Investigation of the cingulate cortex in idiopathic generalized epilepsy.
Pain modulates cerebral activity during cognitive performance.
Distinct Frontoparietal Networks Underlying Attentional Effort and Cognitive Control.
Early signs of anomalous neural functional connectivity in healthy offspring of parents with bipolar disorder
Spectral loudness summation takes place in the primary auditory cortex.
Effects of cross-sex hormones on cerebral activation during language and mental rotation: An fMRI study in transsexuals.
Separating the brain regions involved in recollection and familiarity in recognition memory.
Smiling faces and cash bonuses: Exploring common affective coding across positive and negative emotional and motivational stimuli using fMRI.
Clinical neuroprediction: Amygdala reactivity predicts depressive symptoms 2 years later.
Right and left perisylvian cortex and left inferior frontal cortex mediate sentence-level rhyme detection in spoken language as revealed by sparse fMRI.
How ongoing neuronal oscillations account for evoked fMRI variability.
Left mid-ventrolateral prefrontal cortex: underlying principles of function.
Linking coordinative and executive dysfunctions to atrophy in spinocerebellar ataxia 2 patients.
The Semantics of Syntax: The Grounding of Transitive and Intransitive Constructions.
Visual cognition in disorders of consciousness: from V1 to top-down attention.
Embodied empathy for tactile events: Interindividual differences and vicarious somatosensory responses during touch observation.
Eye closure in darkness animates sensory systems.
Structural brain abnormalities in patients with type I bipolar disorder and suicidal behavior.
Method for multimodal analysis of independent source differences in schizophrenia: combining gray matter structural and auditory oddball functional data.
Subjectivity of the Anomalous Sense of Self Is Represented in Gray Matter Volume  in the Brain.
The hippocampal network model: A transdiagnostic metaconnectomic approach.
Relation of cognitive reserve and task performance to expression of regional covariance networks in an event-related fMRI study of nonverbal memory.
Abnormal hypothalamic response to light in seasonal affective disorder.
Task-specific reorganization of the auditory cortex in deaf humans.
Meta-Analytic Connectivity Modelling Revisited: Controlling for Activation Base Rates
ICA-fNORM: Spatial Normalization of fMRI Data Using Intrinsic Group-ICA Networks.
Sex-related differences in a gambling task and its neurological correlates.
Neural correlates of the orthographic neighborhood size effect in Chinese.
Modulation of activity in temporal cortex during generation of inner speech.
Brain areas associated with numbers and calculations in children: Meta-analyses of fMRI studies.
Enhanced left frontal involvement during novel metaphor comprehension in schizophrenia: evidence from functional neuroimaging.
Methylene blue modulates functional connectivity in the human brain.
The Neural Basis of Recollection Rejection: Increases in Hippocampal-Prefrontal Connectivity in the Absence of a Shared Recall-to-Reject and Target Recollection  Network.
Repetition suppression of faces is modulated by emotion.
Neural responses to facial expressions of disgust but not fear are modulated by washing symptoms in OCD.
"Covariations among fMRI, skin conductance, and behavioral data during processing  of concealed information."
Stimulus symmetry affects the bisection of figures but not lines: evidence from event-related fMRI.
Dysregulation of Pain- and Emotion-Related Networks in Trigeminal Neuralgia.
Modulation of the motor cortex during singing-voice perception.
To do or not to do: the neural signature of self-control.
Impact of COMT Val158Met-polymorphism on appetitive conditioning and amygdala/prefrontal effective connectivity.
The apolipoprotein E gene affects the three-year trajectories of compensatory neural processes in the left-lateralized hippocampal network.
Neural mechanisms associated with attention to temporal synchrony versus spatial  orientation: an fMRI study.
Spatiotemporal reconstruction of auditory steady-state responses to acoustic amplitude modulations: Potential sources beyond the auditory pathway.
Initial investigation of the effects of an experimentally learned schema on spatial associative memory in humans.
A data-driven framework for neural field modeling.
The Gray Matter Volume of the Amygdala Is Correlated with the Perception of Melodic Intervals: A Voxel-Based Morphometry Study
Fronto-Parietal Brain Responses to Visuotactile Congruence in an Anatomical Reference Frame.
Motivational tuning of fronto-subthalamic connectivity facilitates control of action impulses.
Unidirectionally affected causal connectivity of cortico-limbic-cerebellar circuit by structural deficits in drug-naive major depressive disorder.
Neural activation during experimental allodynia: a functional magnetic resonance  imaging study.
Cortical and subcortical changes in patients with premenstrual syndrome.
A brain-wide association study of DISC1 genetic variants reveals a relationship with the structure and functional connectivity of the precuneus in schizophrenia.
Brain over body-A study on the willful regulation of autonomic function during  cold exposure.
"Dissociated neural correlates of quantity processing of quantifiers, numbers, and numerosities."
Event-related functional magnetic resonance imaging (efMRI) of depth-by-disparity perception: additional evidence for right-hemispheric lateralization.
Sentence complexity and input modality effects in sentence comprehension: an fMRI study.
Improved Volitional Recall of Motor-Imagery-Related Brain Activation Patterns Using Real-Time Functional MRI-Based Neurofeedback.
Probabilistic diffusion tractography: a potential tool to assess the rate of disease progression in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
An fMRI study of cerebrovascular reactivity and perfusion in obstructive sleep apnea patients before and after CPAP treatment
Cerebral areas processing swallowing and tongue movement are overlapping but distinct: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
The effect of repetition lag on electrophysiological and haemodynamic correlates  of visual object priming.
Strong rightward lateralization of the dorsal attentional network in left-handers with right sighting-eye: An evolutionary advantage.
Mindfulness is associated with intrinsic functional connectivity between default  mode and salience networks.
On the lateralization of emotional prosody: an event-related functional MR investigation.
Translating working memory into action: Behavioral and neural evidence for using  motor representations in encoding visuo-spatial sequences.
Pattern of brain activation during social cognitive tasks is related to social competence in siblings discordant for schizophrenia
A Pilot Study Examining Functional Brain Activity 6 Months After Memory Retraining in MS: the MEMREHAB Trial
Gray matter changes following limb amputation with high and low intensities of phantom limb pain.
Modafinil enhances alerting-related brain activity in attention networks.
Scratching beneath the surface: new insights into the functional properties of the lateral occipital area and parahippocampal place area.
Functional brain networks for learning predictive statistics.
MEG tomography of human cortex and brainstem activity in waking and REM sleep saccades.
Look at those two!: The precuneus role in unattended third-person perspective of  social interactions.
Altered Volume and Functional Connectivity of the Habenula in Schizophrenia.
Correlation of regional cerebral blood flow and change of plasma sodium concentration during genesis and satiation of thirst.
Maintaining the feelings of others in working memory is associated with activation of the left anterior insula and left frontal-parietal control network.
The emergence of explicit memory during learning.
Cognitive appraisal and life stress moderate the effects of the 5-HTTLPR polymorphism on amygdala reactivity.
Patterns of cerebral activation during olfactory and trigeminal stimulations.
Reward prospect rapidly speeds up response inhibition via reactive control.
Dual language use in sign-speech bimodal bilinguals: fNIRS brain-imaging evidence.
Methods for olfactory fMRI studies: Implication of respiration.
Cerebral correlates of preserved cognitive skills in autism: a functional MRI study of embedded figures task performance.
Cognitive modulation of emotion anticipation.
Influence of COMT Genotype on Antero-posterior Cortical Functional Connectivity Underlying Interference Resolution.
Neural primacy of the salience processing system in schizophrenia.
Multisensory stimulation with or without saccades: fMRI evidence for crossmodal effects on sensory-specific cortices that reflect multisensory location-congruence rather than task-relevance.
Lateralized anterior cingulate function during error processing and conflict monitoring as revealed by high-resolution fMRI.
Neural coding of distinct statistical properties of reward information in humans.
The influence of spontaneous activity on stimulus processing in primary visual cortex.
fMRI activity in the medial temporal lobe during famous face processing.
Cortical signature of neurological soft signs in recent onset schizophrenia.
LORETA imaging of P300 in schizophrenia with individual MRI and 128-channel EEG.
Hippocampal and brain stem activation during word retrieval after repeated and semantic encoding.
Interaction of working memory and long-term memory in the medial temporal lobe.
Strategic adaptation to non-reward prediction error qualities and irreducible uncertainty in fMRI.
Processing of sound location in human cortex.
Imaging fatigue of interference control reveals the neural basis of executive resource depletion.
Integration of auditory and visual information about objects in superior temporal sulcus.
Functional integration across brain regions improves speech perception under adverse listening conditions.
Effect of baseline cannabis use and working-memory network function on changes in cannabis use in heavy cannabis users: a prospective fMRI study.
Functional MRI of galvanic vestibular stimulation.
Cooperation of the anterior cingulate cortex and dorsolateral prefrontal cortex for attention shifting.
Reorganization of large-scale cognitive networks during automation of imagination of a complex sequential movement
Neural signatures of body ownership: a sensory network for bodily self-consciousness.
Regional gray matter density associated with emotional conflict resolution: Evidence from voxel-based morphometry
Neural and electromyographic correlates of wrist posture control.
Are there gender-specific neural substrates of route learning from different perspectives?
Abnormal functional connectivity density in psychogenic non-epileptic seizures
The neural cascade of olfactory processing: A combined fMRI–EEG study
Orthographic and phonological processing of Chinese characters: an fMRI study.
Dynamic stimuli demonstrate a categorical representation of facial expression in  the amygdala.
Top-down and bottom-up attention to memory are dissociated in posterior parietal  cortex: neuroimagingand and neuropsychological evidence.
Feeling addressed! The role of body orientation and co-speech gesture in social communication.
ERP Source Analysis Guided by fMRI During Familiar Face Processing.
"Human behavioural discrimination of human, chimpanzee and macaque affective vocalisations is reflected by the neural response in the superior temporal sulcus."
Oxytocin Facilitates the Extinction of Conditioned Fear in Humans.
Oxytocin differentially alters resting state functional connectivity between amygdala subregions and emotional control networks: Inverse correlation with depressive traits.
An fMRI study on smooth pursuit and fixation suppression of the optokinetic reflex using similar visual stimulation.
Shaped by the Past: The Default Mode Network Supports Cognition that Is Independent of Immediate Perceptual Input.
Spatial Arrangement and Set Size Influence the Coding of Non-symbolic Quantities  in the Intraparietal Sulcus.
"Orbitofrontal cortex, emotional decision-making and response to cognitive behavioural therapy for psychosis."
Decreased functional connectivity by aging is associated with cognitive decline.
Learning letters in adulthood: direct visualization of cortical plasticity for forming a new link between orthography and phonology.
Individual variation in the neural processes of motor decisions in the stop signal task: the influence of novelty seeking and harm avoidance personality traits.
Effector-independent voluntary timing: behavioural and neuroimaging evidence.
Functional Connectivity Alterations between Networks and Associations with Infant Immune Health within Networks in HIV Infected Children on Early Treatment: A Study at 7 Years.
Coherent spontaneous activity identifies a hippocampal-parietal memory network.
Role of prefrontal and parietal cortices in associative learning.
An investigation of the neural substrates of mind wandering induced by viewing traditional Chinese landscape paintings.
Intuitive physics ability in systemizers relies on differential use of the internalizing system and long-term spatial representations.
Unification of speaker and meaning in language comprehension: an FMRI study.
Self-regulation via neural simulation.
Temporal reliability of ultra-high field resting-state MRI for single-subject sensorimotor and language mapping.
"Decomposing the neural mechanisms of visual search through model-based analysis of fMRI: top-down excitation, active ignoring and the use of saliency by the right TPJ."
The literate brain: the relationship between spelling and reading.
Functional network connectivity predicts treatment outcome during treatment of nicotine use disorder.
Neural activity in human primary motor cortex areas 4a and 4p is modulated differentially by attention to action.
Robust and fast nonlinear optimization of diffusion MRI microstructure models.
Preterm birth leads to hyper-reactive cognitive control processing and poor white matter organization in adulthood.
Common and differential ventrolateral prefrontal activity during inhibition of hand and eye movements.
Anxious anticipation and pain: the influence of instructed vs conditioned threat  on pain.
The effects of aging on the brain activation pattern during a speech perception task: an fMRI study.
"Creating external reminders for delayed intentions: dissociable influence on ""task-positive"" and ""task-negative"" brain networks."
Human SII and posterior insula differently encode thermal laser stimuli.
The functional neuroanatomy of novelty processing: integrating ERP and fMRI results.
Neurobiological mechanisms associated with facial affect recognition deficits after traumatic brain injury.
Anatomical substrates of cooperative joint-action in a continuous motor task: virtual lifting and balancing.
Neural networks mediating sentence reading in the deaf
Cortical substrates for the perception of face actions: an fMRI study of the specificity of activation for seen speech and for meaningless lower-face acts (gurning).
Conjoint and extended neural networks for the computation of speech codes: the neural basis of selective impairment in reading words and pseudowords.
Brain changes after learning to read and play music.
Low and then high frequency oscillations of distinct right cortical networks are progressively enhanced by medium and long term Satyananda Yoga meditation practice
Individual differences in dopamine D2 receptor availability correlate with reward valuation.
Frequency-specific alternations in the amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations in schizophrenia.
Failure to regulate: counterproductive recruitment of top-down prefrontal-subcortical circuitry in major depression.
The Impact of Aerobic Exercise on Fronto-Parietal Network Connectivity and Its Relation to Mobility: An Exploratory Analysis of a 6-Month Randomized Controlled  Trial.
How prior expectations shape multisensory perception.
Extra tree forests for sub-acute ischemic stroke lesion segmentation in MR sequences.
Dual logic and cerebral coordinates for reciprocal interaction in eye contact.
Functional Neuroanatomical Evidence for the Double-Deficit Hypothesis of Developmental Dyslexia
Brief report: brain activation to social words in a sedated child with autism.
"In favor of general probability distributions: lateral prefrontal and insular cortices respond to stimulus inherent, but irrelevant differences."
The mirror neuron system and motor dexterity: What happens?
Anti-TNFalpha therapy in IBD alters brain activity reflecting visceral sensory function and cognitive-affective biases.
Effect of corpus callosum damage on ipsilateral motor activation in patients with multiple sclerosis: a functional and anatomical study.
Functional asymmetry for auditory processing in human primary auditory cortex.
"VARENICLINE, NALTREXONE, AND THEIR COMBINATION FOR HEAVY-DRINKING SMOKERS: PRELIMINARY NEUROIMAGING FINDINGS"
The neuroanatomy of grapheme-color synesthesia.
Imitation behavior is sensitive to visual perspective of the model: an fMRI study.
Progressive increase of frontostriatal brain activation from childhood to adulthood during event-related tasks of cognitive control.
Investigating the long-lasting residual effect of a set shift on frontostriatal activity.
Activity alterations in the bed nucleus of the stria terminalis and amygdala during threat anticipation in generalized anxiety disorder.
Common and dissociable activation patterns associated with controlled semantic and phonological processing: evidence from FMRI adaptation.
Aggressive vocal expressions-an investigation of their underlying neural network.
Frontal midline theta rhythm and gamma power changes during focused attention on mental calculation: an MEG beamformer analysis
Effects of age on prefrontal subregions and hippocampal volumes in young and middle-aged healthy humans.
Insula and striatum activity in effort-related monetary reward processing in gambling disorder: The role of depressive symptomatology.
The reward of a good joke: neural correlates of viewing dynamic displays of stand-up comedy.
Size matters: increased grey matter in boys with conduct problems and callous-unemotional traits.
Pure correlates of exploration and exploitation in the human brain.
Testosterone Rapidly Increases Neural Reactivity to Threat in Healthy Men: A Novel Two-Step Pharmacological Challenge Paradigm.
Stereotaxic probabilistic maps of the magnocellular cell groups in human basal forebrain.
Trait anxiety modulates the neural efficiency of inhibitory control.
The role of the frontal cortex in task preparation.
Effects of intentionality and subliminal information in free-choices to inhibit.
Representational Account of Memory: Insights from Aging and Synesthesia.
Can the default-mode network be described with one spatial-covariance network?
Preservation of limbic and paralimbic structures in aging.
Dissociable concurrent activity of lateral and medial frontal lobe during negative feedback processing.
Detecting sub-second changes in brain activation patterns during interictal epileptic spike using simultaneous EEG-fMRI.
Brain Areas Active during Visual Perception of Biological Motion.
Normalized activation in the somatosensory cortex 30 years following nerve repair in children: an fMRI study.
"How Early Does the Brain Distinguish between Regular Words, Irregular Words, and  Pseudowords during the Reading Process? Evidence from Neurochronometric TMS."
High-gamma activity in an attention network predicts individual differences in elderly adults' behavioral performance
Dissociating linguistic and nonlinguistic gestural communication in the brain.
On measuring the perceived onsets of spontaneous actions.
Improved shimming for fMRI specifically optimizing the local BOLD sensitivity.
That's near my hand! Parietal and premotor coding of hand-centered space contributes to localization and self-attribution of the hand.
A comparison of brain activation patterns during covert and overt paced auditory  serial addition test tasks.
Predicting the practice effects on the blood oxygenation level-dependent (BOLD) function of fMRI in a symbolic manipulation task.
Between-task competition and cognitive control in task switching.
Ventromedial prefrontal cortex mediates guessing.
Effective connectivity of the human cerebellum during visual attention.
Intermittent compared to continuous real-time fMRI neurofeedback boosts control over amygdala activation.
Decoding the individual finger movements from single-trial functional magnetic resonance imaging recordings of human brain activity.
Intrinsic functional brain mapping in reconstructed 4D magnetic susceptibility (chi) data space.
Functional localization of the auditory thalamus in individual human subjects.
Neurogenetic variations in norepinephrine availability enhance perceptual vividness.
Functional imaging of working memory after 24 hr of total sleep deprivation.
Improving language mapping in clinical fMRI through assessment of grammar.
Financial literacy is associated with medial brain region functional connectivity in old age
Why mental arithmetic counts: brain activation during single digit arithmetic predicts high school math scores.
Investigating the neural basis of basic human movement perception using multi-voxel pattern analysis.
Sensations of skin infestation linked to abnormal frontolimbic brain reactivity and differences in self-representation.
Neural response to reward anticipation under risk is nonlinear in probabilities.
Thinner cortex in patients with subjective cognitive decline is associated with steeper decline of memory.
Analysis of neural mechanisms underlying verbal fluency in cytoarchitectonically  defined stereotaxic space--the roles of Brodmann areas 44 and 45.
Neuronal correlates of reduced memory performance in overweight subjects.
fMRI-adaptation studies of viewpoint tuning in the extrastriate and fusiform body areas.
Brain activation during associative short-term memory maintenance is not predictive for subsequent retrieval.
Emotional Processing and Brain Activity in Youth at High Risk for Alcoholism
The role of the unaffected hemisphere in motor recovery after stroke.
Functionally distinct contributions of the anterior and posterior putamen during  sublexical and lexical reading.
Intolerance of uncertainty and insula activation during uncertain reward.
Spoken word memory traces within the human auditory cortex revealed by repetition priming and functional magnetic resonance imaging.
"Deconstructing events: the neural bases for space, time, and causality."
Dissociating striatal and hippocampal function developmentally with a stimulus-response compatibility task.
Reduced brainstem inhibition during anticipated pelvic visceral pain correlates with enhanced brain response to the visceral stimulus in women with irritable bowel syndrome.
Cerebral activation during hypnotically induced and imagined pain.
Affective and executive network processing associated with persuasive antidrug messages.
Neural representations of graspable objects: are tools special?
Is Brain Activity during Action Observation Modulated by the Perceived Fairness of the Actor?
An fMRI study of brain activation in a visual adaptation task: activation limited to sensory guidance.
The role of human parietal cortex in attention networks.
Cortical processing of lateral skin stretch stimulation in humans.
Control of object-based attention in human cortex.
Mental encoding and neural decoding of abstract cognitive categories: a commentary and simulation.
Imagined tool-use in near and far space modulates the extra-striate body area.
Prefrontally driven downregulation of neural synchrony mediates goal-directed forgetting.
Consequences of magnocellular dysfunction on processing attended information in schizophrenia.
Emotional processing in a salient motion context: integration of motion and emotion in both V5/hMT+ and the amygdala.
Features versus feelings: dissociable representations of the acoustic features and valence of aversive sounds.
Functional integration processes underlying the instruction-based learning of novel goal-directed behaviors.
Done that: short-term repetition related modulations of motor cortex activity as  a stable signature for overnight motor memory consolidation.
Contextual processing in episodic future thought.
Selective processing of buildings and faces during working memory: the role of the ventral striatum.
"Dissociable neural responses related to pain intensity, stimulus intensity, and stimulus awareness within the anterior cingulate cortex: a parametric single-trial laser functional magnetic resonance i"
Developmental influences on the neural bases of responses to social rejection: implications of social neuroscience for education.
The influence of construction methodology on structural brain network measures: A review.
Functional-anatomic correlates of sustained and transient processing components engaged during controlled retrieval.
Opposing neural effects of naltrexone on food reward and aversion: implications for the treatment of obesity.
Brain reactivity to visual food stimuli after moderate-intensity exercise in children.
How embarrassing! The behavioral and neural correlates of processing social norm  violations.
Dynamic brain structural changes after left hemisphere subcortical stroke.
Cognitive impairments in early Parkinson's disease are accompanied by reductions  in activity in frontostriatal neural circuitry.
The neural mechanisms of speech comprehension: fMRI studies of semantic ambiguity.
Isotropic resolution diffusion tensor imaging with whole brain acquisition in a clinically acceptable time.
Human face processing is tuned to sexual age preferences
Decoding sequential finger movements from preparatory activity in higher-order motor regions: a functional magnetic resonance imaging multi-voxel pattern analysis.
Dissociating the roles of the rostral anterior cingulate and the lateral prefrontal cortices in performing two tasks simultaneously or successively.
Learning-related neuronal responses in prefrontal cortex studied with functional  neuroimaging.
Preparatory set associated with pro-saccades and anti-saccades in humans investigated with event-related FMRI.
Aural localization of silent objects by active human biosonar: neural representations of virtual echo-acoustic space.
The neural basis of rationalization: cognitive dissonance reduction during decision-making.
Detaching from the negative by reappraisal: the role of right superior frontal gyrus (BA9/32)
Modulation of hypothalamus and amygdalar activation levels with stimulus valence.
Neural and Genetic Correlates of the Social Sharing of Happiness.
The neural bases of the lexical effect: an fMRI investigation.
"Imagery of voluntary movement of fingers, toes, and tongue activates corresponding body-part-specific motor representations."
The brain dynamics of rapid perceptual adaptation to adverse listening conditions.
Whether others were treated equally affects neural responses to unfairness in the Ultimatum Game
"Age-related differences in BOLD modulation to cognitive control costs in a multitasking paradigm: Global switch, local switch, and compatibility-switch costs."
Hemispheric asymmetry in visuotopic posterior parietal cortex emerges with visual short-term memory load.
Overrecruitment in the aging brain as a function of task demands: evidence for a  compensatory view.
Neural encoding of objects relevant for navigation and resting state correlations with navigational ability.
Self-face recognition in social context.
Enhanced neural responsiveness to reward associated with obesity in the absence of food-related stimuli.
Interleukin-1 beta C-511T polymorphism modulates functional connectivity of anterior midcingulate cortex in non-demented elderly Han males.
Identification and differential vulnerability of a neural network in sleep deprivation.
Brain systems mediating voice identity processing in blind humans.
Neurobiological mechanisms underlying emotional processing in relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis.
Age-related differences in brain activity underlying working memory for spatial and nonspatial auditory information.
Involvement of the cerebellum in semantic discrimination: an fMRI study.
Right temporoparietal cortex activation during visuo-proprioceptive conflict.
Impaired engagement of the ventral attention system in neurofibromatosis type 1.
Cultural differences in human brain activity: A quantitative meta-analysis
The functional significance of perinatal corpus callosum damage: an fMRI study in young adults.
Differential neural responses to child and sexual stimuli in human fathers and non-fathers and their hormonal correlates
Integrating EEG and fMRI in epilepsy.
Methamphetamine Enhances the Development of Schizophrenia in First-Degree Relatives of Patients With Schizophrenia
Attenuated neural response to gamble outcomes in drug-naive patients with Parkinson's disease.
Dysfunctional Activation and Brain Network Profiles in Youth with Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder: A Focus on the Dorsal Anterior Cingulate during Working Memory.
Neural Dysregulation During a Working Memory Task in Human Immunodeficiency Virus-Seropositive and Hepatitis C Coinfected Individuals
Independent Component Analysis of Resting State Activity in Pediatric Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder
White matter integrity is associated with CSF markers of AD in normal adults
Binocular rivalry: frontal activity relates to introspection and action but not to perception.
Prefrontal-related functional connectivities within the default network are modulated by COMT val158met in healthy young adults.
Neural basis of aging: the penetration of cognition into action control.
Resting state fMRI reveals increased subthalamic nucleus-motor cortex connectivity in Parkinson's disease.
Sex differences in cognitive regulation of psychosocial achievement stress: Brain and behavior.
Dynamic range in BOLD modulation: lifespan aging trajectories and association with performance.
Interactions between voluntary and stimulus-driven spatial attention mechanisms across sensory modalities.
Modulation of cortical activity during different imitative behaviors.
Decoding the neural representation of fine-grained conceptual categories.
Activity in the posterior parietal cortex mediates visual dominance over kinesthesia.
Polygenic risk for schizophrenia affects working memory and its neural correlates in healthy subjects.
Speech processing activates visual cortex in congenitally blind humans.
Acting alters visual processing: flexible recruitment of visual areas by one's own actions.
Local morphology informs location of activation during navigation within the parahippocampal region of the human brain.
Brain networks for exploration decisions utilizing distinct modeled information types during contextual learning
Escaping the here and now: evidence for a role of the default mode network in perceptually decoupled thought.
Somatosensory activations during the observation of touch and a case of vision-touch synaesthesia.
Face configuration processing in the human brain: the role of symmetry.
"Gain in Body Fat Is Associated with Increased Striatal Response to Palatable Food Cues, whereas Body Fat Stability Is Associated with Decreased Striatal Response."
Using high angular resolution diffusion imaging data to discriminate cortical regions.
Adaptive Coding of Orofacial and Speech Actions in Motor and Somatosensory Spaces with and without Overt Motor Behavior.
Superior temporal lobe dysfunction and frontotemporal dysconnectivity in subjects at risk of psychosis and in first-episode psychosis.
Differentiating BOLD and non-BOLD signals in fMRI time series from anesthetized rats using multi-echo EPI at 11.7T.
A neuroimaging study of emotion-cognition interaction in schizophrenia: the effect of ziprasidone treatment.
Three-dimensional probability maps of the rhinal and the collateral sulci in the  human brain.
"Stress, trauma and PTSD: translational insights into the core synaptic circuitry  and its modulation."
Personality predicts activity in reward and emotional regions associated with humor.
Aberrant functional connectivity in Papez circuit correlates with memory performance in cognitively intact middle-aged APOE4 carriers
Conditional and syllogistic deductive tasks dissociate functionally during premise integration.
Evidence for a left-over-right inhibitory mechanism during figural creative thinking in healthy nonartists.
Short-term antidepressant treatment modulates amygdala response to happy faces.
The brain uses single-trial multisensory memories to discriminate without awareness.
Interleaved transcranial magnetic stimulation and fMRI suggests that lamotrigine  and valproic acid have different effects on corticolimbic activity.
Perceptual differentiation and category effects in normal object recognition: a PET study.
SENSE factors for reliable cortical thickness measurement.
Neural substrates for depth perception of the Necker cube; a functional magnetic  resonance imaging study in human subjects.
Late enhancement of brain-behavior correlations during response inhibition
Altered anterior cingulate cortex to hippocampus effective connectivity in response to drug cues in men with cocaine use disorder.
Ageing and early-stage Parkinson's disease affect separable neural mechanisms of  mesolimbic reward processing.
Monetary reward magnitude effects on behavior and brain function during goal-directed behavior.
Cortical fMRI activation to opponents' body kinematics in sport-related anticipation: expert-novice differences with normal and point-light video.
Spatiotemporal analysis of the cortical sources of the steady-state visual evoked potential.
Unique Neural Characteristics of Atypical Lateralization of Language in Healthy Individuals.
Not just social sensitivity: Adolescent neural suppression of social feedback during risk taking.
Neuroanatomical substrates of action perception and understanding: an anatomic likelihood estimation meta-analysis of lesion-symptom mapping studies in brain injured patients
Decoding the content of delayed intentions.
Independent vector analysis (IVA): multivariate approach for fMRI group study.
"Abnormal brain activation during working memory in children with prenatal exposure to drugs of abuse: the effects of methamphetamine, alcohol, and polydrug exposure."
No evidence for enhanced extinction memory consolidation through noradrenergic reuptake inhibition-delayed memory test and reinstatement in human fMRI.
Orthographic influence on spoken word identification: Behavioral and fMRI evidence.
"Differential recruitment of the hippocampus, medial prefrontal cortex, and the human motion complex during path integration in humans."
Social and emotional attachment in the neural representation of faces.
Novelty modulates human striatal activation and prefrontal-striatal effective connectivity during working memory encoding.
Neural basis for inferring false beliefs and social emotions in others among individuals with schizophrenia and those at ultra-high risk for psychosis.
Using a Large-scale Neural Model of Cortical Object Processing to Investigate the Neural Substrate for Managing Multiple Items in Short-term Memory.
Audio-visual speech perception in schizophrenia: an fMRI study.
Two distinct neural networks support the mapping of meaning to a novel word.
A face identity hallucination (palinopsia) generated by intracerebral stimulation of the face-selective right lateral fusiform cortex.
The path to memory is guided by strategy: distinct networks are engaged in associative encoding under visual and verbal strategy and influence memory performance in healthy and impaired individuals.
Comparable fMRI activity with differential behavioural performance on mental rotation and overt verbal fluency tasks in healthy men and women.
Task-dependency of the neural correlates of episodic encoding as measured by fMRI.
"The ""why"" and ""how"" of JointICA: results from a visual detection task."
Nonlinear amygdala response to face trustworthiness: contributions of high and low spatial frequency information.
Sign and speech: amodal commonality in left hemisphere dominance for comprehension of sentences.
Dissociated brain organization for single-digit addition and multiplication.
Can we simulate an action that we temporarily cannot perform?
Neural circuitry underlying voluntary suppression of sadness.
Feeling the real world: limbic response to music depends on related content.
Convergence of semantics and emotional expression within the IFG pars orbitalis.
The brain's voices: comparing nonclinical auditory hallucinations and imagery.
Affective blindsight relies on low spatial frequencies.
Formation of category representations in superior temporal sulcus.
Effects of parietal TMS on visual and auditory processing at the primary cortical level -- a concurrent TMS-fMRI study.
Dopaminergic Modulation of Cognitive Preparation for Overt Reading: Evidence from the Study of Genetic Polymorphisms.
Haloperidol challenge in healthy male humans: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Supramodal representations of perceived emotions in the human brain.
Multi-center machine learning in imaging psychiatry: A meta-model approach.
White-matter lesions along the cholinergic tracts are related to cortical sources of EEG rhythms in amnesic mild cognitive impairment.
Multiple brain networks underpinning word learning from fluent speech revealed by independent component analysis.
Separate neural subsystems within 'Wernicke's area'.
Allelic variation in RGS4 impacts functional and structural connectivity in the human brain.
Frontal and parietal cortical interactions with distributed visual representations during selective attention and action selection.
Detecting overlapped functional clusters in resting state fMRI with Connected Iterative Scan: a graph theory based clustering algorithm.
Diffusion tensor MRI of early upper motor neuron involvement in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Learning-induced changes in the cerebral processing of voice identity.
Similarities and differences in motion processing between the human and macaque brain: evidence from fMRI.
Reliability of neural activation and connectivity during implicit face emotion processing in youth.
Age-related spatiotemporal reorganization during response inhibition
Neural bases of the interactions between spatial attention and conscious perception.
Cerebral activation during thermal stimulation of patients who have burning mouth disorder: an fMRI study.
Impact of smoking abstinence on working memory neurocircuitry in adolescent daily tobacco smokers.
Unconscious priming instructions modulate activity in default and executive networks of the human brain.
5-HTTLPR/rs25531 polymorphism and neuroticism are linked by resting state functional connectivity of amygdala and fusiform gyrus.
Nonlinear relationship between emotional valence and brain activity: evidence of  separate negative and positive valence dimensions.
The impact of fibromyalgia symptoms on brain morphometry.
Fear conditioning in humans: the influence of awareness and autonomic arousal on  functional neuroanatomy.
Spatial working memory in heavy cannabis users: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
"mu-suppression during action observation and execution correlates with BOLD in dorsal premotor, inferior parietal, and SI cortices."
Neural correlates of spontaneous percept switches in ambiguous stimuli: an event-related functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Processing the spatial configuration of complex actions involves right posterior  parietal cortex: An fMRI study with clinical implications.
Functional heterogeneity in human olfactory cortex: an event-related functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Different areas of human non-primary auditory cortex are activated by sounds with spatial and nonspatial properties.
Ventral visual cortex in humans: cytoarchitectonic mapping of two extrastriate areas.
Sex differences and the impact of steroid hormones on the developing human brain.
Sensory modality of smoking cues modulates neural cue reactivity.
Anatomical and functional brain imaging evidence of lenticulo-insular anomalies in Smith Magenis syndrome.
Attention to Distinct Goal-relevant Features Differentially Guides Semantic Knowledge Retrieval.
Cerebral activation pattern in primary writing tremor.
"Multisensory vestibular, vestibular-auditory, and auditory network effects revealed by parametric sound pressure stimulation."
"Neural correlates of ""hot"" and ""cold"" emotional processing: a multilevel approach to the functional anatomy of emotion."
Regional brain atrophy in primary fatigued patients with multiple sclerosis.
Eyeblink-related areas in human cerebellum as shown by fMRI.
Neural basis of individualistic and collectivistic views of self.
Frontal and parietal contributions to arithmetic fact retrieval: a parametric analysis of the problem-size effect.
Changes in resting-state fMRI in vestibular neuritis.
Allured or alarmed: counteractive control responses to food temptations in the brain.
Perceived controllability modulates the neural response to pain.
How atypical is atypical language dominance?
Studying the topological organization of the cerebral blood flow fluctuations in  resting state.
Regional differences in the coupling between resting cerebral blood flow and metabolism may indicate action preparedness as a default state.
Visual perceptual training reconfigures post-task resting-state functional connectivity with a feature-representation region.
Simultaneous electroencephalography and functional magnetic resonance imaging of  primary and secondary somatosensory cortex in humans after electrical stimulation.
Elucidating the neural correlates of related false memories using a systematic measure of perceptual relatedness.
Data-driven analysis of functional brain interactions during free listening to music and speech.
"Common and distinct structural features of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder: The European Network on Psychosis, Affective disorders and Cognitive Trajectory (ENPACT) study."
"Voice perception: Sex, pitch, and the right hemisphere."
Frontoparietal network involved in successful retrieval from episodic memory. Spatial and temporal analyses using fMRI and ERP.
Effects of citalopram on worry and brain activation in patients with generalized  anxiety disorder.
Functional MRI study of diencephalic amnesia in Wernicke-Korsakoff syndrome.
Brain-based translation: fMRI decoding of spoken words in bilinguals reveals language-independent semantic representations in anterior temporal lobe.
Where vision meets memory: prefrontal-posterior networks for visual object constancy during categorization and recognition.
Shifted intrinsic connectivity of central executive and salience network in borderline personality disorder.
Hearing others' pain: neural activity related to empathy.
Tuning-in to the beat: Aesthetic appreciation of musical rhythms correlates with  a premotor activity boost.
Audiovisual functional magnetic resonance imaging adaptation reveals multisensory integration effects in object-related sensory cortices.
Through the looking glass: counter-mirror activation following incompatible sensorimotor learning.
Spatial interference during bimanual coordination: differential brain networks associated with control of movement amplitude and direction.
Trait compassion is associated with the neural substrate of empathy.
Neurofunctional correlates of behavioral inhibition system sensitivity during attentional control are modulated by perceptual load.
The magnitude representation of small and large symbolic numbers in the left and  right hemisphere: an event-related fMRI study.
Sentence syntax and content in the human temporal lobe: an fMRI adaptation study  in auditory and visual modalities.
Changes in neural activity associated with learning to articulate novel auditory  pseudowords by covert repetition.
Letters persistence after physical offset: visual word form area and left planum  temporale. An fMRI study.
Involvement of area MT in bimanual finger movements in left-handers: an fMRI study.
Influence of age and cognitive performance on resting-state brain networks of older adults in a population-based cohort.
Visual function and brain organization in non-decussating retinal-fugal fibre syndrome.
Active ignoring in early visual cortex.
Developmental differences in posterior mesofrontal cortex recruitment by risky rewards.
Anterior intraparietal sulcus is sensitive to bottom-up attention driven by stimulus salience.
Effects of Field-Map Distortion Correction on Resting State Functional Connectivity MRI.
Visual short-term memory load reduces retinotopic cortex response to contrast.
Altered Network Oscillations and Functional Connectivity Dynamics in Children Born Very Preterm.
Brain entropy and human intelligence: A resting-state fMRI study.
Immediate reward bias in humans: fronto-parietal networks and a role for the catechol-O-methyltransferase 158(Val/Val) genotype.
Multivariate Pattern Analysis Reveals Category-Related Organization of Semantic Representations in Anterior Temporal Cortex.
Number-space interactions in the human parietal cortex: Enlightening the SNARC effect with functional near-infrared spectroscopy.
Chronic stress is linked to 5-HT(1A) receptor changes and functional disintegration of the limbic networks.
Functional imaging during covert auditory attention in multiple sclerosis.
Anatomical substrates and neurocognitive predictors of daily numerical abilities  in mild cognitive impairment.
Greater BOLD Variability in Older Compared with Younger Adults during Audiovisual Speech Perception.
The neural substrate of analogical reasoning: an fMRI study.
Auditory target detection in dichotic listening involves the orbitofrontal and hippocampal paralimbic belts.
No evidence for blocking the return of fear by disrupting reconsolidation prior to extinction learning.
The cerebral representation of temporomandibular joint occlusion and its alternation by occlusal splints.
"Temporal characterization of memory retrieval processes: an fMRI study of the ""tip of the tongue"" phenomenon."
Developmental Meta-Analyses of the Functional Neural Correlates of Bipolar Disorder
Imaging social motivation: distinct brain mechanisms drive effort production during collaboration versus competition.
Alteration and Role of Interhemispheric and Intrahemispheric Connectivity in Motor Network After Stroke.
Brain activation to cues predicting inescapable delay in adolescent Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder: an fMRI pilot study.
Central perception of position sense involves a distributed neural network - Evidence from lesion-behavior analyses.
Differences between endogenous and exogenous emotion inhibition in the human brain.
Dorsolateral prefrontal cortex dysfunction in presymptomatic Huntington's disease: evidence from event-related fMRI.
"Neural activation associated with corrective saccades during tasks with fixation, pursuit and saccades."
The functional topography and temporal dynamics of overlapping and distinct brain activations for adaptive task control and stable task-set maintenance during performance of an fMRI-adapted clinical c
Learned audio-visual cross-modal associations in observed piano playing activate  the left planum temporale. An fMRI study.
Differential activity in left inferior frontal gyrus for pseudowords and real words: an event-related fMRI study on auditory lexical decision.
Brain structural and functional alterations in patients with unilateral hearing loss
Patterns in default-mode network connectivity for determining outcomes in cognitive function in acute stroke patients
Atypical neural self-representation in autism.
The Neural Basis of Perceived Unfairness in Economic Exchanges
Neural correlates of object size and object location during grasping actions.
The motor features of action verbs: fMRI evidence using picture naming.
Evidence for cortical structural plasticity in humans after a day of waking and sleep deprivation.
Exacerbation of pain by anxiety is associated with activity in a hippocampal network.
Endogenous human brain dynamics recover slowly following cognitive effort.
Vowel-specific mismatch responses in the anterior superior temporal gyrus: an fMRI study.
Detection of Motor Changes in Huntington's Disease Using Dynamic Causal Modeling.
Task-related modulation of functional connectivity variability and its behavioral correlations.
Comparison of block and event-related fMRI designs in evaluating the word-frequency effect.
Polymodal motion processing in posterior parietal and premotor cortex: a human fMRI study strongly implies equivalencies between humans and monkeys.
Inner experience of pain: imagination of pain while viewing images showing painful events forms subjective pain representation in human brain.
Distinct and overlapping fMRI activation networks for processing of novel identities and locations of objects.
Changes in resting connectivity with age: a simultaneous electroencephalogram and functional magnetic resonance imaging investigation.
Prioritizing new over old: an fMRI study of the preview search task.
A model for visual memory encoding.
Common and distinct neural correlates of inhibitory dysregulation: Stroop fMRI study of cocaine addiction and intermittent explosive disorder
Resting-state functional connectivity of the human hypothalamus.
Reorganization of cortical hand representation in congenital hemiplegia.
The well-worn route and the path less traveled: distinct neural bases of route following and wayfinding in humans.
Amygdala response to facial expressions reflects emotional learning.
Experimental induction of reading difficulties in normal readers provides novel insights into the neurofunctional mechanisms of visual word recognition.
Individual Differences in Reward and Somatosensory-Motor Brain Regions Correlate  with Adiposity in Adolescents.
The neural correlate of very-long-term picture priming.
Human cingulate cortex and autonomic control: converging neuroimaging and clinical evidence.
Progress update: fluid and imaging biomarkers in Alzheimer's disease.
Right prefrontal and ventral striatum interactions underlying impulsive choice and impulsive responding.
GABAergic inhibitory mechanisms for repetition-adaptivity in large-scale brain systems.
Impaired fear recognition and attentional set-shifting is associated with brain structural changes in alcoholic patients
"Frontal, Striatal, and Medial Temporal Sensitivity to Value Distinguishes Risk-Taking from Risk-Aversive Older Adults during Decision Making."
Functional MRI evidence for the importance of visual short-term memory in logographic reading.
Cerebellar degeneration affects cortico-cortical connectivity in motor learning networks.
Quantitative fMRI assessment of the differences in lateralization of language-related brain activation in patients with temporal lobe epilepsy.
Cortico-amygdalar maturational coupling is associated with depressive symptom trajectories during adolescence.
Reduced functional brain activity response in cognitively intact apolipoprotein E epsilon4 carriers.
Brain Networks Related to Beta Oscillatory Activity during Episodic Memory Retrieval.
Effective connectivity of brain regions related to visual word recognition: An fMRI study of Chinese reading.
Neural substrates of facial emotion processing using fMRI.
Hurst Exponent Analysis of Resting-State fMRI Signal Complexity across the Adult  Lifespan.
WITHDRAWN: Print-specific multimodal brain activation in kindergarten improves prediction of reading skills in second grade.
Brain network alterations in Alzheimer's disease measured by eigenvector centrality in fMRI are related to cognition and CSF biomarkers.
Age effects on the neural correlates of successful memory encoding.
Cognitive-pharmacologic functional magnetic resonance imaging in tourette syndrome: a pilot study.
Enhanced brain activity may precede the diagnosis of Alzheimer's disease by 30 years.
From facial cue to dinner for two: the neural substrates of personal choice.
Specific cerebral networks for maintenance and response organization within working memory as evidenced by the 'double delay/double response' paradigm.
A meta-analysis of the anterior cingulate contribution to social pain
Tracking the hemodynamic responses to reward and punishment in the striatum.
Application of whole-brain CBV-weighted fMRI to a cognitive stimulation paradigm: robust activation detection in a stroop task experiment using 3D GRASE VASO.
Parietal lesion effects on cued recall following pair associate learning.
Brain responses to the acquired moral status of faces.
Different neural capacity limitations for articulatory and non-articulatory maintenance of verbal information.
Spatiotemporal distribution of cortical processing of first and second languages  in bilinguals. I. Effects of proficiency and linguistic setting.
Similar coding of freely chosen and externally cued intentions in a fronto-parietal network.
Resting state functional connectivity of the anterior striatum and prefrontal cortex predicts reading performance in school-age children.
Prenatal tobacco exposure predicts differential brain function during working memory in early adolescence: a preliminary investigation.
Mathematical framework for large-scale brain network modeling in The Virtual Brain.
BOLD responses in reward regions to hypothetical and imaginary monetary rewards.
The function of words: distinct neural correlates for words denoting differently  manipulable objects.
A reversal coarse-grained analysis with application to an altered functional circuit in depression.
Local morphology predicts functional organization of the dorsal premotor region in the human brain.
Similarity between brain activity at encoding and retrieval predicts successful realization of delayed intentions.
Anatomical and spatial matching in imitation: Evidence from left and right brain-damaged patients.
Studying the role of human parietal cortex in visuospatial attention with concurrent TMS-fMRI.
GABA concentration in posterior cingulate cortex predicts putamen response during resting state fMRI.
I know you can hear me: neural correlates of feigned hearing loss.
Globally Divergent but Locally Convergent X- and Y-Chromosome Influences on Cortical Development
Cannabinoid receptor 1 (CNR1) gene: impact on antidepressant treatment response and emotion processing in major depression.
"Detecting math problem solving strategies: an investigation into the use of retrospective self-reports, latency and fMRI data."
Asymmetric Functional Connectivity of the Contra- and Ipsilateral Secondary Somatosensory Cortex during Tactile Object Recognition.
Dissociable identity- and modality-specific neural representations as revealed by cross-modal nonspatial inhibition of return.
Effects of acute tryptophan depletion on neural processing of facial expressions  of emotion in humans.
Neural correlates of musical creativity: differences between high and low creative subjects.
The modulation of venlafaxine on cortical activation of language area in healthy  subjects with fMRI study.
Affective context interferes with brain responses during cognitive processing in  borderline personality disorder: fMRI evidence.
Anatomical physiology of spatial extinction.
Representation of head-centric flow in the human motion complex.
Neurometrics of intrinsic connectivity networks at rest using fMRI: retest reliability and cross-validation using a meta-level method.
Age-related functional brain changes in FMR1 premutation carriers.
Altered functional connectivity of primary visual cortex in early blindness.
Bayesian second-level analysis of functional magnetic resonance images.
Pathophysiology of primary burning mouth syndrome.
"Task-independent and task-specific age effects on brain activity during working memory, visual attention and episodic retrieval."
Neuroanatomical correlates of motor acquisition and motor transfer.
Encoding social interactions: the neural correlates of true and false memories.
Neural representation of swallowing is retained with age. A functional neuroimaging study validated by classical and Bayesian inference.
A generalized form of context-dependent psychophysiological interactions (gPPI):  a comparison to standard approaches.
Triangulating a cognitive control network using diffusion-weighted magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) and functional MRI.
Fact learning in complex arithmetic and figural-spatial tasks: the role of the angular gyrus and its relation to mathematical competence.
Dehydration affects brain structure and function in healthy adolescents.
Rhythmic brain activities related to singing in humans.
Functional magnetic resonance imaging adaptation reveals the cortical networks for processing grasp-relevant object properties.
The effect of one left-sided dorsolateral prefrontal sham-controlled HF-rTMS session on approach and withdrawal related emotional neuronal processes.
Beyond affect: a role for genetic variation of the serotonin transporter in neural activation during a cognitive attention task.
"Examining the role of the temporo-parietal network in memory, imagery, and viewpoint transformations."
Combined analysis of DTI and fMRI data reveals a joint maturation of white and grey matter in a fronto-parietal network.
Different activation dynamics in multiple neural systems during simulated driving.
Short-term antidepressant administration reduces default mode and task-positive network connectivity in healthy individuals during rest.
Re-assessing acalculia: Distinguishing spatial and purely arithmetical deficits in right-hemisphere damaged patients.
Dissociable substrates for body motion and physical experience in the human action observation network.
Functional neuroanatomy of CCK-4-induced panic attacks in healthy volunteers.
Modulating the experience of agency: a positron emission tomography study.
Superadditive opercular activation to food flavor is mediated by enhanced temporal and limbic coupling.
Repetition suppression dissociates spatial frames of reference in human saccade generation.
Common and specific contributions of the intraparietal sulci to numerosity and length processing.
How progesterone impairs memory for biologically salient stimuli in healthy young women.
Changes in brain gray matter in abstinent heroin addicts.
Neurobiological correlates of physical self-concept and self-identification with avatars in addicted players of Massively Multiplayer Online Role-Playing Games (MMORPGs)
Age-dependent effects of brain stimulation on network centrality.
Moderating Effect of Working Memory Capacity on Acute Alcohol Effects on BOLD Response During Inhibition and Error Monitoring in Male Heavy Drinkers
Global increase in task-related fronto-parietal activity after focal frontal lobe lesion.
Age-related increases in right frontal activation during task switching are mediated by reaction time and white matter microstructure
Abnormal neural hierarchy in processing of verbal information in patients with schizophrenia.
Sustained attention impairment correlates to gray matter decreases in first episode neuroleptic-naive schizophrenic patients.
Response selection versus feedback analysis in conditional visuo-motor learning.
Finger movements lighten neural loads in the recognition of ideographic characters.
Spatiotemporal activity of a cortical network for processing visual motion revealed by MEG and fMRI.
Complementary Roles of Slow-Wave Sleep and Rapid Eye Movement Sleep in Emotional  Memory Consolidation.
An expanded cortical representation for hand movement after peripheral motor denervation.
Spatiotemporal properties of auditory intensity processing in multisensor MEG
A CCA+ICA based model for multi-task brain imaging data fusion and its application to schizophrenia.
Hemodynamic cerebral correlates of sleep spindles during human non-rapid eye movement sleep.
Dynamically changing effects of corticosteroids on human hippocampal and prefrontal processing.
"Effects of an extra X chromosome on language lateralization: an fMRI study with Klinefelter men (47,XXY)."
Inferior parietal lobule supports decision making under uncertainty in humans.
Learning from errors: error-related neural activity predicts improvements in future inhibitory control performance.
Differential effect of glucose ingestion on the neural processing of food stimuli in lean and overweight adults.
Auditory verbal hallucinations predominantly activate the right inferior frontal  area.
Antidepressant effects of sertraline associated with volume increases in dorsolateral prefrontal cortex.
Inflectional morphology in primary progressive aphasia: An elicited production study
The role of the anterior cingulate cortex in pitch variation during sad affect.
"Learning pain-related fear: Neural mechanisms mediating rapid differential conditioning, extinction and reinstatement processes in human visceral pain"
Processing of visually presented sentences in Mandarin and English studied with fMRI.
Task-invariant brain responses to the social value of faces.
Neuronal substrates of Corsi Block span: Lesion symptom mapping analyses in relation to attentional competition and spatial bias.
Functional MRI indicates consistent intra-digit topographic maps in the little but not the index finger within the human primary somatosensory cortex.
The creative brain: investigation of brain activity during creative problem solving by means of EEG and FMRI.
Dissociating modality-specific and supramodal neural systems for action understanding.
Effects of practice on executive control investigated with fMRI.
Attentional modulation of effective connectivity from V2 to V5/MT in humans.
Action observation training modifies brain gray matter structure in healthy adult individuals.
Imaging brain activity during natural vision using CASL perfusion fMRI.
Aberrant EEG functional connectivity and EEG power spectra in resting state post-traumatic stress disorder: A sLORETA study
Neuroimaging studies in patients with psychogenic non-epileptic seizures: A systematic meta-review.
Functional reorganization during cognitive function tasks in patients with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
"SMA Selectively Codes the Active Accumulation of Temporal, Not Spatial, Magnitude."
Neural correlates of tactile temporal-order judgment in humans: an fMRI study.
The attracting power of the gaze of politicians is modulated by the personality and ideological attitude of their voters: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Encoding in the visual word form area: an fMRI adaptation study of words versus handwriting.
Dissociable intrinsic functional networks support noun-object and verb-action processing.
Individual differences in intrinsic brain connectivity predict decision strategy
Reduced ventrolateral fMRI response during observation of emotional gestures related to the degree of dopaminergic impairment in Parkinson disease.
How do we modulate our emotions? Parametric fMRI reveals cortical midline structures as regions specifically involved in the processing of emotional valences.
Representation of interaural temporal information from left and right auditory space in the human planum temporale and inferior parietal lobe.
Selective increase of intention-based economic decisions by noninvasive brain stimulation to the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex.
Integration of cognitive and affective networks in humor comprehension.
Predicting clinical outcome using brain activation associated with set-shifting and central coherence skills in Anorexia Nervosa
Neuroanatomical discrimination between manipulating and maintaining processes involved in verbal working memory; a functional MRI study.
Surface-based mixed effects multilevel analysis of grouped human electrocorticography
Functional neuroimaging of sex differences in autobiographical memory recall.
Neural correlates of processing sentences and compound words in Chinese.
Medial prefrontal cortex and right insula activity predict plasma ACTH response to trauma recall.
Hypercapnic exposure in congenital central hypoventilation syndrome reveals CNS respiratory control mechanisms.
Preliminary findings on the heritability of the neural correlates of response inhibition.
Distinct brain mechanisms support spatial vs temporal filtering of nociceptive information
Altered spontaneous neuronal activity of visual cortex and medial anterior cingulate cortex in treatment-naïve posttraumatic stress disorder
Guanfacine Modulates the Emotional Biasing of Amygdala-Prefrontal Connectivity for Cognitive Control
Automatic phoneme category selectivity in the dorsal auditory stream.
Interpersonal touch suppresses visual processing of aversive stimuli.
Single trial fMRI reveals significant contralateral bias in responses to laser pain within thalamus and somatosensory cortices.
Beyond common resources: the cortical basis for resolving task interference.
A comparative study of cognition and brain anatomy between two neurodevelopmental disorders: 22q11.2 deletion syndrome and Williams syndrome.
Multichannel matching pursuit validation and clustering--a simulation and empirical study.
Motor memory consolidation in sleep shapes more effective neuronal representations.
Excitatory and inhibitory mechanisms underlying somatosensory habituation.
The sound of consciousness: neural underpinnings of auditory perception.
Tool selectivity in left occipitotemporal cortex develops without vision.
Effects of treatment with the atypical neuroleptic quetiapine on working memory function: a functional MRI follow-up investigation.
Central representation of visceral and cutaneous hypersensitivity in the irritable bowel syndrome.
Tactile stimulus predictability modulates activity in a tactile-motor cortical network.
Differential activity in the premotor cortex subdivisions in humans during mental calculation and verbal rehearsal tasks: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Amygdala-prefrontal dissociation of subliminal and supraliminal fear.
Interactions between default mode and control networks as a function of increasing cognitive reasoning complexity.
The effect of the COMT val(158)met polymorphism on neural correlates of semantic  verbal fluency.
Constrained principal component analysis reveals functionally connected load-dependent networks involved in multiple stages of working memory.
Neural Efficiency of Athletes' Brain during Visuo-Spatial Task: An fMRI Study on Table Tennis Players.
Emotional arousal impairs association-memory: Roles of amygdala and hippocampus.
Spatiotemporal Segregation of Neural Response to Auditory Stimulation: An fMRI Study Using Independent Component Analysis and Frequency-Domain Analysis.
Brain morphometry of Dravet Syndrome
Brain structures involved in visual search in the presence and absence of color singletons.
Crossmodal integration of object features: voxel-based correlations in brain-damaged patients.
Intranasal insulin increases regional cerebral blood flow in the insular cortex in men independently of cortisol manipulation.
Compensatory cortical activation observed by fMRI during a cognitive task at the  earliest stage of MS.
Virtual water maze learning in human increases functional connectivity between posterior hippocampus and dorsal caudate.
Neural mechanisms of planning: a computational analysis using event-related fMRI.
Tactile form and location processing in the human brain.
Characterization of functional brain activity and connectivity using EEG and fMRI in patients with sickle cell disease.
Dissociating visual and motor directional selectivity using visuomotor adaptation.
Intracerebral ERD/ERS in voluntary movement and in cognitive visuomotor task.
Striatal reward sensitivity predicts therapy-related neural changes in alcohol addiction.
Volitional control of attention and brain activation in dual task performance.
Cortisol administration induces global down-regulation of the brain's reward circuitry
fMRI repetition suppression for familiar but not arbitrary actions with tools.
Somatosensory cortex responses to median nerve stimulation: fMRI effects of current amplitude and selective attention.
White-matter abnormalities in attention deficit hyperactivity disorder: a diffusion tensor imaging study.
Simultaneous resting-state FDG-PET/fMRI in Alzheimer Disease: Relationship between glucose metabolism and intrinsic activity.
A critical component that activates the left inferior prefrontal cortex during interference resolution.
The visual word form area: spatial and temporal characterization of an initial stage of reading in normal subjects and posterior split-brain patients.
The effect of temporal asynchrony on the multisensory integration of letters and  speech sounds.
Event-related functional magnetic resonance imaging of reward-related brain circuitry in children and adolescents.
Noradrenaline transporter blockade increases fronto-parietal functional connectivity relevant for working memory.
An ALE Meta-Analysis on the Audiovisual Integration of Speech Signals
Human striatal responses to monetary reward depend on saliency.
Altered Activation of the Rostral Anterior Cingulate Cortex in the Context of Emotional Face Distractors in Children and Adolescents with Anxiety Disorders
On the programming and reprogramming of actions.
Improved sensitivity and specificity for resting state and task fMRI with multiband multi-echo EPI compared to multi-echo EPI at 7 T.
Bilateral speech comprehension reflects differential sensitivity to spectral and  temporal features.
The free choice whether or not to respond after stimulus presentation.
Pragmatics in action: indirect requests engage theory of mind areas and the cortical motor network.
The neural correlates of attachment security in typically developing children.
"Effortful control, depression, and anxiety correlate with the influence of emotion on executive attentional control."
Structural brain changes in tinnitus.
Shared and dissociated cortical regions for object and letter processing.
Functional activation during reading in relation to the sulci of the angular gyrus region.
Memory repression: brain mechanisms underlying dissociative amnesia.
Prefrontal transcranial direct current stimulation changes connectivity of resting-state networks during fMRI.
Brain responses to altered auditory feedback during musical keyboard production:  an fMRI study.
Neural substrates of interactive musical improvisation: an FMRI study of 'trading fours' in jazz.
"Overdrinking, swallowing inhibition, and regional brain responses prior to swallowing."
Greater amygdala activity and dorsomedial prefrontal–amygdala coupling are associated with enhanced inflammatory responses to stress
Representation of different trigeminal divisions within the primary and secondary human somatosensory cortex.
A systematic fMRI investigation of the brain systems subserving different working memory components in schizophrenia.
Precuneus is involved in allocentric spatial location encoding and recognition.
Human anterior intraparietal and ventral premotor cortices support representations of grasping with the hand or a novel tool.
Graph analysis of functional brain networks for cognitive control of action in traumatic brain injury.
Effective Connectivity During Feature-Based Attentional Capture: Evidence Against the Attentional Reorienting Hypothesis of TPJ.
Utilizing the ventriloquism-effect to investigate audio-visual binding.
Brain encoding of saltatory velocity through a pulsed pneumotactile array in the  lower face.
Different colors of light lead to different adaptation and activation as determined by high-density EEG
Common and unique neural correlates of autobiographical memory and theory of mind.
Cerebral correlates of salient prediction error for different rewards and punishments.
Emotion regulation and amygdala-precuneus connectivity: Focusing on attentional deployment.
Task-dependent uncertainty modulation of perceptual decisions in the human brain.
"Signal-, set- and movement-related activity in the human brain: an event-related  fMRI study."
Dopamine-dependent architecture of cortico-subcortical network connectivity.
Neuroimaging after mild traumatic brain injury: Review and meta-analysis
Separate amygdala subregions signal surprise and predictiveness during associative fear learning in humans.
Neural correlates of attachment trauma in borderline personality disorder: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
The motor cortical representation of a muscle is not homogeneous in brain connectivity.
Diminished neural sensitivity to irregular facial expression in first-episode schizophrenia.
Medial temporal lobe activity during semantic classification using a flexible fMRI design.
Rescaling retinal size into perceived size: evidence for an occipital and parietal bottleneck.
Parallel processing of nociceptive and non-nociceptive somatosensory information  in the human primary and secondary somatosensory cortices: evidence from dynamic  causal modeling of functional magnet
Sustained Effects of Acupuncture Stimulation Investigated with Centrality Mapping Analysis.
Processing of the incentive for social approval in the ventral striatum during charitable donation.
Minds made for sharing: initiating joint attention recruits reward-related neurocircuitry.
Altered functional brain networks in amnestic mild cognitive impairment: a resting-state fMRI study.
Disrupted functional connectivity of the hippocampus in patients with hyperthyroidism: Evidence from resting-state fMRI
Temporal evolution of neural activity and connectivity during microsleeps when rested and following sleep restriction.
A network approach to response inhibition: dissociating functional connectivity of neural components involved in action restraint and action cancellation.
Differential modulation of emotion processing brain regions by noradrenergic and  serotonergic antidepressants.
Individual differences in self-reported reward-approach tendencies relate to resting-state and reward-task-based fMRI measures.
Perceptual fusion and stimulus coincidence in the cross-modal integration of speech.
A common right fronto-parietal network for numerosity and duration processing: an fMRI study.
Direct instrumental conditioning of neural activity using functional magnetic resonance imaging-derived reward feedback.
The Neural Correlates of Grasping in Left-Handers: When Handedness Does Not Matter.
Working memory performance is correlated with local brain morphology in the medial frontal and anterior cingulate cortex in fibromyalgia patients: structural correlates of pain-cognition interaction.
Learning acts on distinct processes for visual form perception in the human brain.
Intrinsic Brain Activity Responsible for Sex Differences in Shyness and Social Anxiety.
Extensive stimulus repetition leads older adults to show delayed functional magnetic resonance imaging adaptation.
Cerebellar Cortex and Cerebellar Nuclei Are Concomitantly Activated during Eyeblink Conditioning: A 7T fMRI Study in Humans.
"Neural circuitry of emotion regulation: Effects of appraisal, attention, and cortisol administration."
Consistency and variability in functional localisers.
Consolidation time affects performance and neural activity during visual working  memory.
Alterations of resting-state regional and network-level neural function after acute spinal cord injury
The impact of left hemisphere stroke on force control with familiar and novel objects: neuroanatomic substrates and relationship to apraxia.
You are in sync with me: Neural correlates of interpersonal synchrony with a partner
Right sensory-motor functional networks subserve action observation therapy in aphasia.
The neural bases of cognitive conflict and control in moral judgment.
Altered connectivity patterns among resting state networks in patients with ischemic white matter lesions.
Brain regions underlying response inhibition and interference monitoring and suppression.
Age effects on the neural correlates of episodic retrieval: increased cortical recruitment with matched performance.
Reward and motivation systems: a brain mapping study of early-stage intense romantic love in Chinese participants.
The basal ganglia are hyperactive during the discrimination of tactile stimuli in writer's cramp.
Separable neuronal circuitries for manipulable and non-manipulable objects in working memory.
Reversing spoken items--mind twisting not tongue twisting.
Cortical Networks Involved in Memory for Temporal Order.
Neural correlates of implicit knowledge about statistical regularities.
Maturational changes in anterior cingulate and frontoparietal recruitment support the development of error processing and inhibitory control.
Dentatorubrothalamic tract localization with postmortem MR diffusion tractography compared to histological 3D reconstruction.
Functional parcellation of the inferior frontal and midcingulate cortices in a flanker-stop-change paradigm.
Beauty and ugliness in the bodies and faces of others: An fMRI study of person esthetic judgement
Is the link between anatomical structure and function equally strong at all cognitive levels of processing?
Human striatal response to salient nonrewarding stimuli.
The compassionate brain: humans detect intensity of pain from another's face.
Source analysis of event-related cortical activity during visuo-spatial attention.
Imaging human reward processing with positron emission tomography and functional  magnetic resonance imaging.
The human brain representation of odor identification.
Picture-naming in patients with left frontal lobe tumor - a functional neuroimaging study.
Structural changes in the somatosensory system correlate with tic severity in Gilles de la Tourette syndrome.
Specialization of the posterior temporal lobes for audio-motor processing - evidence from a functional magnetic resonance imaging study of skilled drummers.
Functional Connectivity of Primary Motor Cortex Is Dependent on Genetic Burden in Prodromal Huntington Disease
Cognitive training with action-related verbs induces neural plasticity in the action representation system as assessed by gray matter brain morphometry.
Neural circuits subserving the retrieval of stems and grammatical features in regular and irregular verbs.
Neural correlates of language and non-language visuospatial processing in adolescents with reading disability
Direct activation of the ventral striatum in anticipation of aversive stimuli.
Resting state cortical electroencephalographic rhythms in subjects with normal and abnormal body weight.
"Neural response patterns in spider, blood-injection-injury and social fearful individuals: new insights from a simultaneous EEG/ECG-fMRI study."
Odorant differentiated pattern of cerebral activation: comparison of acetone and  vanillin.
Social inference deficits in temporal lobe epilepsy and lobectomy: risk factors and neural substrates
Cerebellar and premotor function in bimanual coordination: parametric neural responses to spatiotemporal complexity and cycling frequency.
The modular neuroarchitecture of social judgments on faces.
Neural substrates for forward and backward recitation of numbers and the alphabet: a close examination of the role of intraparietal sulcus and perisylvian areas.
Recovery of semantic word processing in global aphasia: a functional MRI study.
Incidental encoding of goal irrelevant information is associated with insufficient engagement of the dorsal frontal cortex and the inferior parietal cortex.
Neural encoding of saltatory pneumotactile velocity in human glabrous hand.
There are differences in cerebral activation between females in distinct menstrual phases during viewing of erotic stimuli: A fMRI study.
A neural network reflecting decisions about human faces.
Integration Processes Compared: Cortical Differences for Consistency Evaluation and Passive Comprehension in Local and Global Coherence.
Cortical representation of tympanic membrane movements due to pressure variation: an fMRI study.
Auditory modulation of visual stimulus encoding in human retinotopic cortex.
Neural correlates of audio-visual object recognition: effects of implicit spatial congruency.
Brain mechanisms of valuable scientific problem finding inspired by heuristic knowledge.
Neural correlates of processing stressful information: an event-related fMRI study.
Premotor Cortex Activation Elicited during Word Comprehension Relies on Access of Specific Action Concepts.
Functional neural correlates of facial affect recognition impairment following TBI.
Differential abnormalities of functional connectivity of the amygdala and hippocampus in unipolar and bipolar affective disorders
Overlapping neural circuits for visual attention and eye movements in the human cerebellum.
Brain Mechanisms for Processing Affective (and Nonaffective) Touch Are Atypical in Autism.
Neural correlates of personality dimensions and affective measures during the anticipation of emotional stimuli.
Pain catastrophizing and neural responses to pain among persons with fibromyalgia.
Depth of processing effects on neural correlates of memory encoding: relationship between findings from across- and within-task comparisons.
Error-related brain activation during a Go/NoGo response inhibition task.
Menstrual cycle influence on cognitive function and emotion processing-from a reproductive perspective.
"Anatomical distance affects cortical-subcortical connectivity in first-episode, drug-naive somatization disorder."
An fMRI study of Stroop word-color interference: evidence for cingulate subregions subserving multiple distributed attentional systems.
Training for Micrographia Alters Neural Connectivity in Parkinson's Disease.
The neural basis of implicit learning of task-irrelevant Chinese tonal sequence.
Which visual functions depend on intermediate visual regions? Insights from a case of developmental visual form agnosia.
Embodied comprehension of stories: interactions between language regions and modality-specific neural systems.
Location and spatial profile of category-specific regions in human extrastriate cortex.
Mechanisms of central neuropathic pain: a combined psychophysical and fMRI study  in syringomyelia.
Human brain activity predicts individual differences in prior knowledge use during decisions.
Neural correlates of correct and failed response inhibition in heavy versus light social drinkers: an fMRI study during a go/no-go task by healthy participants.
Brain structural substrates of reward dependence during behavioral performance.
Modulation and task effects in auditory processing measured using fMRI.
Distributed neural systems for the generation of visual images.
Visual Short-Term Memory Activity in Parietal Lobe Reflects Cognitive Processes beyond Attentional Selection.
Frontotemporoparietal asymmetry and lack of illness awareness in schizophrenia.
Representing actions through their sound.
Neural correlates of symbolic number comparison in developmental dyscalculia.
Effects of aging on mindreading ability through the eyes: an fMRI study.
Novelty detection and repetition suppression in a passive picture viewing task: a possible approach for the evaluation of neuropsychiatric disorders.
Pain-specific modulation of hippocampal activity and functional connectivity during visual encoding.
Sex dimorphism of the brain in male-to-female transsexuals.
Learning by doing versus learning by thinking: An fMRI study of motor and mental  training.
Childhood methylphenidate treatment of ADHD and response to affective stimuli.
Intrinsic brain activity as a diagnostic biomarker in children with benign epilepsy with centrotemporal spikes.
"Brain activation and sexual arousal in healthy, heterosexual males."
Discovering the somatotopic organization of the motor areas of the medial wall using low-frequency BOLD fluctuations.
Oxytocin selectively facilitates learning with social feedback and increases activity and functional connectivity in emotional memory and reward processing regions.
Premovement brain activity in a bimanual load-lifting task.
Dispositional use of emotion regulation strategies and resting-state cortico-limbic functional connectivity.
Affective scenes influence fear perception of individual body expressions.
Recognizing the authenticity of emotional expressions: F0 contour matters when you need to know.
Finding your voice: a singing lesson from functional imaging.
"What becoming ""where"": functional magnetic resonance imaging evidence for pragmatic relevance driving premotor cortex."
Neural circuitry underlying sustained attention in healthy adolescents and in ADHD symptomatology.
Neurocognitive processes of the religious leader in Christians.
Person-specific theory of mind in medial pFC.
Automatic activation of positive but not negative attitudes after traumatic brain injury.
Flexible memories: differential roles for medial temporal lobe and prefrontal cortex in cross-episode binding.
Neural substrates of negativity bias in women with and without major depression.
Altered resting-state activity in seasonal affective disorder.
Low-frequency oscillations in default mode subnetworks are associated with episodic memory impairments in Alzheimer's disease.
Reversed hierarchy in the brain for general and specific cognitive abilities: a morphometric analysis.
The Right Superior Frontal Gyrus and Individual Variation in Proactive Control of Impulsive Response.
Processing of Unattended Emotional Facial Expressions: Correlates of Visual Field Bias in Women.
Resting regional cerebral perfusion in recent posttraumatic stress disorder.
Functional rather than effector-specific organization of human posterior parietal cortex.
A resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study on the first-degree relatives of persons with schizophrenia.
Top-down and bottom-up modulation of brain structures involved in auditory discrimination.
Neural circuits subserving the retrieval and maintenance of abstract rules.
Motivation effects in a dichotic listening task as evident from functional magnetic resonance imaging in human subjects.
Age-related changes in prefrontal activity during walking in dual-task situations: A fNIRS study
Effect of articulatory rehabilitation after oral cancer surgery on higher brain activation
Functional neuroimaging at different disease stages reveals distinct phases of neuroplastic changes in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Transient activation of superior prefrontal cortex during inhibition of cognitive set.
A preliminary fMRI study of the effects on cortical activation of the treatment of refractory auditory hallucinations with rTMS.
The Common Traits of the ACC and PFC in Anxiety Disorders in the DSM-5: Meta-Analysis of Voxel-Based Morphometry Studies
Independent distractor frequency and age-of-acquisition effects in picture-word interference: fMRI evidence for post-lexical and lexical accounts according to distractor type.
Genetics pathway-based imaging approaches in Chinese Han population with Alzheimer's disease risk.
Artificial Language Training Reveals the Neural Substrates Underlying Addressed and Assembled Phonologies
Sticking with the nice guy: trait warmth information impairs learning and modulates person perception brain network activity.
Feedback that confirms reward expectation triggers auditory cortex activity.
A common network of functional areas for attention and eye movements.
In search of recollection and familiarity signals in the hippocampus.
Independent effects of emotion and working memory load on visual activation in the lateral occipital complex.
Reduced orbitofrontal cortical volume is associated with interdependent self-construal.
Erythropoietin modulates neural and cognitive processing of emotional information in biomarker models of antidepressant drug action in depressed patients.
Management of attentional resources in within-modal and cross-modal divided attention tasks: an fMRI study.
Interference of working memory load with long-term memory formation.
Yohimbine-induced amygdala activation in pathological gamblers: a pilot study.
A neural signature of colour and luminance correspondence in bistable apparent motion.
The role of the hippocampus in transitive inference.
Group independent component analysis and functional MRI examination of changes in language areas associated with brain tumors at different locations.
Parietal operculum and motor cortex activities predict motor recovery in moderate to severe stroke.
Towards a neuroscience of mind-wandering.
Influence of motivation on control hierarchy in the human frontal cortex.
Is Broca's area crucial for imitation?
Studying Sub-Dendrograms of Resting-State Functional Networks with Voxel-Wise Hierarchical Clustering.
Lithium monotherapy associated clinical improvement effects on amygdala-ventromedial prefrontal cortex resting state connectivity in bipolar disorder.
"The functionally defined right occipital and fusiform ""face areas"" discriminate novel from visually familiar faces."
Altered intrinsic brain functional connectivity in drug-naive Parkinson's disease patients with LRRK2 mutations.
An fMRI study of reduced left prefrontal activation in schizophrenia during normal inhibitory function.
Increased cortical recruitment in Huntington's disease using a Simon task.
The morphology and variability of the caudal rami of the superior temporal sulcus.
Alcohol dose effects on brain circuits during simulated driving: an fMRI study.
How do we process event-based and time-based intentions in the brain? an fMRI study of prospective memory in healthy individuals.
Neural correlates of affective empathy and reinforcement learning in boys with conduct problems: fMRI evidence from a gambling task.
A neural basis for social cooperation.
Heart rate variability is associated with amygdala functional connectivity with MPFC across younger and older adults.
What neural correlates underlie successful encoding and retrieval? A functional magnetic resonance imaging study using a divided attention paradigm.
Frontostriatal system in planning complexity: a parametric functional magnetic resonance version of Tower of London task.
Risk for affective disorders is associated with greater prefrontal gray matter volumes: A prospective longitudinal study.
Contextual effects on cognitive control and BOLD activation in single versus mixed saccade tasks.
Hippocampal Context Processing during Acquisition of a Predictive Learning Task Is Associated with Renewal in Extinction Recall.
Disentangling the prefrontal network for rule selection by means of a non-verbal  variant of the Wisconsin Card Sorting Test.
Differential activity for animals and manipulable objects in the anterior temporal lobes.
Training Humans to Categorize Monkey Calls: Auditory Feature- and Category-Selective Neural Tuning Changes.
Priming frequencies of transcranial magnetic stimulation over Wernicke's area modulate word detection.
Human superior parietal lobule is involved in somatic perception of bimanual interaction with an external object.
Inferior Frontal Cortex Contributions to the Recognition of Spoken Words and Their Constituent Speech Sounds.
Exploration of the neural correlates of ticklish laughter by functional magnetic  resonance imaging.
Induction of neuroplasticity and recovery in post-stroke aphasia by non-invasive  brain stimulation.
Cognitive control involved in overcoming prepotent response tendencies and switching between tasks.
Central as well as Peripheral Attentional Bottlenecks in Dual-Task Performance Activate Lateral Prefrontal Cortices.
Effects of ketamine on cognition-emotion interaction in the brain.
Orbitofrontal cortex tracks positive mood in mothers viewing pictures of their newborn infants.
White matter development during adolescence as shown by diffusion MRI.
Resting State Brain Entropy Alterations in Relapsing Remitting Multiple Sclerosis.
Language lateralization in temporal lobe epilepsy using functional MRI and probabilistic tractography.
A review of fronto-striatal and fronto-cortical brain abnormalities in children and adults with Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) and new evidence  for dysfunction in adults with ADHD du
Configural processing of biological motion in human superior temporal sulcus.
The brain's silent messenger: using selective attention to decode human thought for brain-based communication.
Dedifferentiated face processing in older adults is linked to lower resting state metabolic activity in fusiform face area.
Prognosis after temporal lobe epilepsy surgery: the value of combining predictors.
Cortical Midline Structures and Autobiographical-Self Processes: An Activation-Likelihood Estimation Meta-Analysis.
Contribution of the anterior insula to temporal auditory processing deficits in developmental dyslexia.
Elevated prefrontal myo-inositol and choline following breast cancer chemotherapy.
"Processing of natural sounds in human auditory cortex: tonotopy, spectral tuning, and relation to voice sensitivity."
Neural repetition suppression in ventral occipito-temporal cortex occurs during conscious and unconscious processing of frequent stimuli
The right-hemisphere and valence hypotheses: could they both be right (and sometimes left)?
Age-dependent modulation of the somatosensory network upon eye closure.
Multisensory activation of the intraparietal area when classifying grating orientation: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Attention alters neural responses to evocative faces in behaviorally inhibited adolescents.
Multiple stages of auditory speech perception reflected in event-related FMRI.
Working memory-related hippocampal deactivation interferes with long-term memory  formation.
Neural hyperactivity related to working memory in drug-naive boys with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder
A comparison of bound and unbound audio-visual information processing in the human cerebral cortex.
Classification of schizophrenia and bipolar patients using static and dynamic resting-state fMRI brain connectivity.
Network dysfunction of emotional and cognitive processes in those at genetic risk of bipolar disorder.
Two types of ipsilateral reorganization in congenital hemiparesis: a TMS and fMRI study.
Functional Integration Between Brain Regions at Rest Occurs in Multiple-Frequency Bands
Effects of parametrical and trial-to-trial variation in prior probability processing revealed by simultaneous electroencephalogram/functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Is that near my hand? Multisensory representation of peripersonal space in human  intraparietal sulcus.
Mechanical flutter stimulation induces a lasting response in the sensorimotor cortex as revealed with BOLD fMRI.
Evidence that transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) generates little-to-no reliable neurophysiologic effect beyond MEP amplitude modulation in  healthy human subjects: A systematic review.
Comparison of memory- and visually guided saccades using event-related fMRI.
Dissociating the Neural Correlates of Experiencing and Imagining Affective Touch
PET evaluation of bilingual language compensation following early childhood brain damage.
The reorganization of motor network in hemidystonia from the perspective of deep  brain stimulation.
Brain morphology correlates of interindividual differences in conditioned fear acquisition and extinction learning.
Syllable congruency and word frequency effects on brain activation.
The neural correlates of declining performance with age: evidence for age-related changes in cognitive control.
Volumetric and shape analysis of the thalamus in first-episode schizophrenia.
"Stress-induced brain activity, brain atrophy, and clinical disability in multiple sclerosis."
Fetal programming effects of testosterone on the reward system and behavioral approach tendencies in humans.
Scaling of neural responses to visual and auditory motion in the human cerebellum.
Impaired prefrontal cognitive control over interference by food images in binge-eating disorder and bulimia nervosa.
Effect of head orientation on gaze processing in fusiform gyrus and superior temporal sulcus.
Bilateral basal ganglia activation associated with sensorimotor adaptation.
Bilateral generic working memory circuit requires left-lateralized addition for verbal processing.
"Distinguishing between lateralized and nonlateralized brain activity associated with visual short-term memory: fMRI, MEG, and EEG evidence from the same observers."
Task-Induced Brain Activity Patterns in Type 2 Diabetes: A Potential Biomarker for Cognitive Decline
Brain structural correlates of schizotypy and psychosis proneness in a non-clinical healthy volunteer sample.
Cerebellar induced differential polyglot aphasia: A neurolinguistic and fMRI study.
Electroencephalographic signatures of attentional and cognitive default modes in  spontaneous brain activity fluctuations at rest.
Attentional modulation of emotional stimulus processing: an fMRI study using emotional expectancy.
Cerebral mechanisms of prosodic sensory integration using low-frequency bands of  connected speech.
Broadband cortical desynchronization underlies the human psychedelic state.
Dissociable mechanisms of attentional control within the human prefrontal cortex.
Temporal lobe lesions and semantic impairment: a comparison of herpes simplex virus encephalitis and semantic dementia.
"Subcortical, Modality-Specific Pathways Contribute to Multisensory Processing in  Humans."
Spatial and temporal analysis of fMRI data on word and sentence reading.
The left inferior frontal gyrus: A neural crossroads between abstract and concrete knowledge.
Neural basis of pantomiming the use of visually presented objects.
The neurodynamic organization of modality-dependent hallucinations.
Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis affects cortical and subcortical activity underlying motor inhibition and action monitoring.
Rule activation and ventromedial prefrontal engagement support accurate stopping  in self-paced learning.
Remodelling of sensorimotor maps in paraplegia: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study after a surgical nerve transfer.
Tell me twice: A multi-study analysis of the functional connectivity between the  cerebrum and cerebellum after repeated trait information.
fMRI evidence of degeneration-induced neuropathic pain in diabetes: enhanced limbic and striatal activations.
Object-based attentional modulation of biological motion processing: spatiotemporal dynamics using functional magnetic resonance imaging and electroencephalography.
Tuning curves for approximate numerosity in the human intraparietal sulcus.
Alexithymia and brain gray matter volumes in a general population sample.
Common cortical loci are activated during visuospatial interpolation and orientation discrimination judgements.
Distinct frontal regions subserve evaluation of linguistic and emotional aspects  of speech intonation.
Aberrant resting-state functional connectivity in limbic and cognitive control networks relates to depressive rumination and mindfulness: A pilot study among adolescents with a history of depression.
The decision value computations in the vmPFC and striatum use a relative value code that is guided by visual attention.
Cortical activity at rest predicts cochlear implantation outcome.
Ventral frontal satiation-mediated responses to food aromas in obese and normal-weight women
Right anterior insula: core region of hallucinations in cognitive neurodegenerative diseases.
Active Avoidance: Neural Mechanisms and Attenuation of Pavlovian Conditioned Responding.
A developmental examination of gender differences in brain engagement during evaluation of threat.
Brain bases of morphological processing in young children.
Limbic abnormalities in affective processing by criminal psychopaths as revealed  by functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Familiarity modulates mirror neuron and mentalizing regions during intention understanding.
Effects of childhood trauma on working memory in affective and non-affective psychotic disorders.
Thalamic atrophy in childhood absence epilepsy.
Neural basis of single-word reading in Spanish-English bilinguals.
Practice-related effects demonstrate complementary roles of anterior cingulate and prefrontal cortices in attentional control.
Brain microstructural changes and cognitive correlates in patients with pure obsessive compulsive disorder
Physiological and psychological individual differences influence resting brain function measured by ASL perfusion.
Neural correlates of the misattribution of self-generated speech.
Functional Dissociations Within Posterior Parietal Cortex During Scene Integration and Viewpoint Changes.
Recruitment of anterior dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in human reasoning: a parametric study of relational complexity.
Localizing subprocesses of visual search by correlating local brain activation in fMRI with response time model parameters.
"Deficits of memory, executive functioning and attention following infarction in the thalamus; a study of 22 cases with localised lesions."
Relationship between personality traits and brain reward responses when playing on a team.
Sampling over Nonuniform Distributions: A Neural Efficiency Account of the Primacy Effect in Statistical Learning.
Intrinsic Network Connectivity Patterns Underlying Specific Dimensions of Impulsiveness in Healthy Young Adults.
The fusiform face area and occipital face area show sensitivity to spatial relations in faces.
Recovering meaning: left prefrontal cortex guides controlled semantic retrieval.
EEG Signatures of Dynamic Functional Network Connectivity States.
Priming for letters and pseudoletters in mid-fusiform cortex: examining letter selectivity and case invariance.
Bias in magnitude estimation following left hemisphere injury.
Instructed delay activity in the human prefrontal cortex is modulated by monetary reward expectation.
Effective connectivity reveals important roles for both the hyperdirect (fronto-subthalamic) and the indirect (fronto-striatal-pallidal) fronto-basal ganglia pathways during response inhibition.
Alterations of the salience network in obesity: a resting-state fMRI study.
"Heschl's gyrus, posterior superior temporal gyrus, and mid-ventrolateral prefrontal cortex have different roles in the detection of acoustic changes."
Individual sensitivity to pain expectancy is related to differential activation of the hippocampus and amygdala.
Connectome-wide investigation of altered resting-state functional connectivity in war veterans with and without posttraumatic stress disorder.
Vowel sound extraction in anterior superior temporal cortex.
Meta-analysis of real-time fMRI neurofeedback studies using individual participant data: How is brain regulation mediated?
Separating distractor rejection and target detection in posterior parietal cortex--an event-related fMRI study of visual marking.
Neural basis of individual differences in synesthetic experiences.
Integration of sensory and motor representations of single fingers in the human cerebellum.
Functional network connectivity during rest and task conditions: a comparative study.
Mental navigation in humans is processed in the anterior bank of the parieto-occipital sulcus.
A Correspondence between Individual Differences in the Brain's Intrinsic Functional Architecture and the Content and Form of Self-Generated Thoughts.
Distribution of tract deficits in schizophrenia
Creating Concepts from Converging Features in Human Cortex
"Functional connectivity between salience, default mode and frontoparietal networks in post-stroke depression."
How do we infer others' goals from non-stereotypic actions? The outcome of context-sensitive inferential processing in right inferior parietal and posterior temporal cortex.
Intrinsic Brain Activity of Cognitively Normal Older Persons Resembles More That of Patients Both with and at Risk for Alzheimer's Disease Than That of Healthy Younger Persons
Neural correlates of psychotic-like experiences during spiritual-trance state.
Brain activity related to the ability to inhibit previous task sets: an fMRI study.
The determiner congruency effect in language production investigated with functional MRI.
Resolving dual-task interference: an fMRI study.
Common and specific brain responses to scenic emotional stimuli.
Dosage effects of BDNF Val66Met polymorphism on cortical surface area and functional connectivity.
Hemispheric lateralization at different levels of human auditory word processing: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Item- and task-level processes in the left inferior prefrontal cortex: positive and negative correlates of encoding.
The selection of intended actions and the observation of others' actions: a time-resolved fMRI study.
Activation of the medial prefrontal cortex and extended amygdala by individual ratings of emotional arousal: a fMRI study.
Transient neural activation in human amygdala involved in aversive conditioning of face and voice.
The opponent matters: elevated FMRI reward responses to winning against a human versus a computer opponent during interactive video game playing.
The human dorsal action control system develops in the absence of vision.
Brain activity is related to individual differences in the number of items stored in auditory short-term memory for pitch: Evidence from magnetoencephalography
Creativity and schizotypy from the neuroscience perspective.
Predictions Shape Confidence in Right Inferior Frontal Gyrus.
Prominent activation of the bilateral inferior parietal lobule of literate compared with illiterate subjects during Chinese logographic processing.
The role of the contralesional motor cortex for motor recovery in the early days  after stroke assessed with longitudinal FMRI.
"Distinct modulatory effects of satiety and sibutramine on brain responses to food images in humans: a double dissociation across hypothalamus, amygdala, and ventral striatum."
Association between the basal ganglia and large-scale brain networks in epilepsy.
The trajectory of disturbed resting-state cerebral function in Parkinson's disease at different Hoehn and Yahr stages.
Not Doomed to Repeat: Enhanced Medial Prefrontal Cortex Tracking of Errors Promotes Adaptive Behavior during Adolescence.
Abnormal functional connectivity of default mode sub-networks in autism spectrum  disorder patients.
Functional dissociations in top-down control dependent neural repetition priming.
Abnormal Resting-State Functional Connectivity of the Anterior Cingulate Cortex in Unilateral Chronic Tinnitus Patients.
Does acute caffeine ingestion alter brain metabolism in young adults?
Neural response to reward anticipation is modulated by Gray's impulsivity.
Differentiating heavy from light drinkers by neural responses to visual alcohol cues and other motivational stimuli.
A larynx area in the human motor cortex.
Striatal dopamine transmission in healthy humans during a passive monetary reward task.
Attention-related activity during episodic memory retrieval: a cross-function fMRI study.
"Recoding, storage, rehearsal and grouping in verbal short-term memory: an fMRI study."
Right prefrontal cortex and episodic memory retrieval: a functional MRI test of the monitoring hypothesis.
Neural correlates of the spacing effect in explicit verbal semantic encoding support the deficient-processing theory.
Differences in cortical activation during smooth pursuit and saccadic eye movements following cerebellar lesions.
Task instructions influence the cognitive strategies involved in line bisection judgements: evidence from modulated neural mechanisms revealed by fMRI.
Altered brain activation during response inhibition in children with primary nocturnal enuresis: an fMRI study.
Sparse network-based models for patient classification using fMRI.
To create or to recall original ideas: Brain processes associated with the imagination of novel object uses.
The role of dysfunctional attentional control networks in visual misperceptions in Parkinson's disease.
Neural correlates of audiotactile phonetic processing in early-blind readers: an  fMRI study.
Bilateral activation of the prefrontal cortex after strategic semantic cognitive  training.
Incidence of dysarthria in children with cerebellar tumors: a prospective study.
Reversal learning reveals cognitive deficits and altered prediction error encoding in the ventral striatum in Huntington's disease.
A region of mesial prefrontal cortex tracks monetarily rewarding outcomes: characterization with rapid event-related fMRI.
Cortical representation of verbs with optional complements: the theoretical contribution of fMRI.
Dissociating the role of the caudate nucleus and dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in the monitoring of events within human working memory.
Functional and developmental significance of amplitude variance asymmetry in the  BOLD resting-state signal.
Parallel Engagement of Regions Associated with Encoding and Later Retrieval Forms Durable Memories.
Dopamine precursor depletion impairs timing in healthy volunteers by attenuating  activity in putamen and supplementary motor area.
Establishing the dopamine dependency of human striatal signals during reward and  punishment reversal learning.
Orthography effect on brain activities in the working memory process for phonologically ambiguous syllables: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study using Japanese speakers.
Activity in human visual and parietal cortex reveals object-based attention in working memory.
Multi-voxel pattern classification differentiates personally experienced event memories from secondhand event knowledge.
Sequential evolution of cortical activity and effective connectivity of swallowing using fMRI.
Decisions under uncertainty: probabilistic context influences activation of prefrontal and parietal cortices.
Neural mechanism underlying impaired visual judgement in the dysmetabolic brain:  an fMRI study.
Differential responses to anticipation of reward after an acute dose of the designer drugs benzylpiperazine (BZP) and trifluoromethylphenylpiperazine (TFMPP) alone and in combination using functional 
"Language-related activations in the left prefrontal regions are differentially modulated by age, proficiency, and task demands."
Evidence for a cognitive control network for goal-directed attention in simple sustained attention.
The human dorsal stream adapts to real actions and 3D shape processing: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Neural correlates of planning performance in patients with schizophrenia - Relationship with apathy.
Measuring fMRI reliability with the intra-class correlation coefficient.
"Natural, metaphoric, and linguistic auditory direction signals have distinct influences on visual motion processing."
Dynamic assignment of neural resources in auditory comprehension of complex sentences.
Functional lateralization of the sensorimotor cortex in patients with schizophrenia: effects of treatment with olanzapine.
Voluntary modulation of anterior cingulate response to negative feedback.
Cholinergic blockade under working memory demands encountered by increased rehearsal strategies: evidence from fMRI in healthy subjects.
Action comprehension in aphasia: linguistic and non-linguistic deficits and their lesion correlates.
Modulation of functional connectivity during the resting state and the motor task.
Dissociable functional cortical topographies for working memory maintenance of voice identity and location.
The human parietal operculum. II. Stereotaxic maps and correlation with functional imaging results.
The impact of iconic gestures on foreign language word learning and its neural substrate.
Evidence accumulation and the moment of recognition: dissociating perceptual recognition processes using fMRI.
Plasma oxytocin explains individual differences in neural substrates of social perception.
Brain activation during human male ejaculation.
Differential Associations between Cortical Thickness and Striatal Dopamine in Treatment-Naive Adults with ADHD vs. Healthy Controls.
Association between white matter fiber structure and reward-related reactivity of the ventral striatum.
Failing to learn from negative prediction errors: Obesity is associated with alterations in a fundamental neural learning mechanism.
Effects of Gradient Coil Noise and Gradient Coil Replacement on the Reproducibility of Resting State Networks.
Multiple mechanisms of consciousness: the neural correlates of emotional awareness.
Neural correlates of individual ratings of emotional salience: a trial-related fMRI study.
Neural correlates of incongruous visual information. An event-related fMRI study.
Decoding Episodic Retrieval Processes: Frontoparietal and Medial Temporal Lobe Contributions to Free Recall.
"Differential contributions of prefrontal, medial temporal, and sensory-perceptual regions to true and false memory formation."
The temporal and spatial brain dynamics of automatic emotion regulation in children.
Distinct brain networks in recognition memory share a defined region in the precuneus.
"Representational Similarity Mapping of Distributional Semantics in Left Inferior  Frontal, Middle Temporal, and Motor Cortex."
Temporal lobe abnormalities in semantic processing by criminal psychopaths as revealed by functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Differential lateralization of hippocampal connectivity reflects features of recent context and ongoing demands: an examination of immediate post-task activity.
The neural basis of testable and non-testable beliefs.
Segmental processing in the human auditory dorsal stream.
Change the mind and you change the brain: effects of cognitive-behavioral therapy on the neural correlates of spider phobia.
Prior exposure to extreme pain alters neural response to pain in others.
Saguenay Youth Study: a multi-generational approach to studying virtual trajectories of the brain and cardio-metabolic health.
Tactile-visual cross-modal shape matching: a functional MRI study.
Altered engagement of autobiographical memory networks in adult offspring of postnatally depressed mothers.
Contrasting effects of vocabulary knowledge on temporal and parietal brain structure across lifespan.
Inter-individual differences in trait anxiety shape the functional connectivity between the bed nucleus of the stria terminalis and the amygdala during brief threat processing.
Dynamic connectivity modulates local activity in the core regions of the default-mode network.
Neural correlates of recency judgment.
Maintenance and manipulation of somatosensory information in ventrolateral prefrontal cortex.
Eye Movements during Auditory Attention Predict Individual Differences in Dorsal  Attention Network Activity.
Do patients with fibromyalgia show abnormal neural responses to the observation of pain in others?
Voxel based morphometry of grey matter abnormalities in patients with medically intractable temporal lobe epilepsy: effects of side of seizure onset and epilepsy duration.
Disorder-specific dysfunction in right inferior prefrontal cortex during two inhibition tasks in boys with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder compared to boys with obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Differential force scaling of fine-graded power grip force in the sensorimotor network.
Cortical thickness in symptomatic and asymptomatic bipolar offspring.
Functional and effective connectivity of stopping
Similarity of fMRI activity patterns in left perirhinal cortex reflects semantic  similarity between words.
Computational dissection of human episodic memory reveals mental process-specific genetic profiles.
Discrimination of temporal information at the cerebellum: functional magnetic resonance imaging of nonverbal auditory memory.
The neurological basis of developmental dyslexia: an overview and working hypothesis.
Functional magnetic resonance imaging of working memory impairment after traumatic brain injury.
Brain substrates of early (4h) cigarette abstinence: Identification of treatment  targets.
Attention-dependent early cortical suppression contributes to crowding.
The effects of neuregulin1 on brain function in controls and patients with schizophrenia and bipolar disorder.
A parametric manipulation of central executive functioning.
Lateral visual field stimulation reveals extrastriate cortical activation in the  contralateral hemisphere: an fMRI study.
Retinotopic and lateralized processing of spatial frequencies in human visual cortex during scene categorization.
Acquired focal brain lesions in childhood: effects on development and reorganization of language.
Recruitment of Foveal Retinotopic Cortex During Haptic Exploration of Shapes and  Actions in the Dark.
"Human reward system activation is modulated by a single dose of olanzapine in healthy subjects in an event-related, double-blind, placebo-controlled fMRI study."
Distorted images of one's own body activates the prefrontal cortex and limbic/paralimbic system in young women: a functional magnetic resonance imaging  study.
Treatment effect of methylphenidate on intrinsic functional brain network in medication-naive ADHD children: A multivariate analysis.
Neural processes underlying memory attribution on a reality-monitoring task.
Imagined locomotion in the blind: an fMRI study.
Structural and functional correlates of motor imagery BCI performance: Insights from the patterns of fronto-parietal attention network.
Brain Atrophy and Reorganization of Structural Network in Parkinson's Disease With Hemiparkinsonism.
Brain functional connectivity correlates of coping styles.
Cerebral blood flow-based evidence for mechanisms of low- versus high-frequency transcutaneous electric acupoint stimulation analgesia: A perfusion fMRI study in humans
Dynamic cultural influences on neural representations of the self.
Spatial stimulus configuration and attentional selection: extrastriate and superior parietal interactions.
"Face recognition under ambiguous visual stimulation: fMRI correlates of ""encoding styles""."
The fate of the inner nose: Odor imagery in patients with olfactory loss
The neuroanatomic correlates of semantic memory deficits in patients with Gulf War illnesses: a pilot study.
Mental fatigue after mild traumatic brain injury: a 3D-ASL perfusion study.
The pulvinar nucleus is associated with the presence of dysarthria in patients with basal ganglia hemorrhage.
Voxel-based morphometry study of brain volumetry and diffusivity in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis patients with mild disability.
Examining the McGurk illusion using high-field 7 Tesla functional MRI.
Altered task-based and resting-state amygdala functional connectivity following real-time fMRI amygdala neurofeedback training in major depressive disorder.
The neural basis of free language choice in bilingual speakers: Disentangling language choice and language execution.
Effects of emotion regulation strategy on brain responses to the valence and social content of visual scenes.
Focusing attention on the health aspects of foods changes value signals in vmPFC  and improves dietary choice.
Psychological structure and neural correlates of event knowledge.
Functional characteristics of the brain in college students with internet gaming  disorder.
The functional anatomy of divided attention in amnestic mild cognitive impairment.
Cerebro-cerebellar interactions underlying temporal information processing.
Corticosteroid induced decoupling of the amygdala in men.
"The cognitive up- and down-regulation of positive emotion: Evidence from behavior, electrophysiology, and neuroimaging."
"Tryptophan depletion reduces right inferior prefrontal activation during response inhibition in fast, event-related fMRI."
Cingulate hypoactivity in cocaine users during a GO-NOGO task as revealed by event-related functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Selective spatial attention in vision and touch: unimodal and multimodal mechanisms revealed by PET.
Consciously Feeling the Pain of Others Reflects Atypical Functional Connectivity  between the Pain Matrix and Frontal-Parietal Regions.
Topographical organization of human corpus callosum: an fMRI mapping study.
Neural basis of the non-attentional processing of briefly presented words.
Touching a rubber hand: feeling of body ownership is associated with activity in  multisensory brain areas.
A shared neural network for simple reaction time.
Plasticity in the Visual System is Associated with Prosthesis Use in Phantom Limb Pain.
Playing piano in the mind--an fMRI study on music imagery and performance in pianists.
Repetition suppression for performed hand gestures revealed by fMRI.
Task-specific feature extraction and classification of fMRI volumes using a deep  neural network initialized with a deep belief network: Evaluation using sensorimotor tasks.
Spatio-temporal TGV denoising for ASL perfusion imaging.
Activity of right premotor-parietal regions dependent upon imagined force level:  an fMRI study.
A functional MRI study of high-level cognition. II. The game of GO.
T2-Imaging to Assess Cerebral Oxygen Extraction Fraction in Carotid Occlusive Disease: Influence of Cerebral Autoregulation and Cerebral Blood Volume.
"Approaching an ecologically valid functional anatomy of spontaneous ""willed"" action."
The Dancing Brain: Structural and Functional Signatures of Expert Dance Training.
Controlling emotional expression: behavioral and neural correlates of nonimitative emotional responses.
Somatosensory system deficits in schizophrenia revealed by MEG during a median-nerve oddball task.
Distance-dependent alterations in local functional connectivity in drug-naive major depressive disorder.
Broca's area supports enhanced visuospatial cognition in orchestral musicians.
Neural basis of the crossmodal correspondence between auditory pitch and visuospatial elevation.
Thalamocortical connectivity in major depressive disorder.
Recollection and familiarity in recognition memory: an event-related functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Intrinsic Connectivity Identifies the Hippocampus as a Main Crossroad between Alzheimer’s and Semantic Dementia-Targeted Networks
Neural correlates of response inhibition in children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder: A controlled version of the stop-signal task.
Effective connectivity during processing of facial affect: evidence for multiple  parallel pathways.
The relationship between fasting serum glucose and cerebral glucose metabolism in late-life depression and normal aging
Dynamic Reconfiguration of the Supplementary Motor Area Network during Imagined Music Performance.
A stable sparse fear memory trace in human amygdala.
Impaired target detection in schizophrenia and the ventral attentional network: Findings from a joint event-related potential-functional MRI analysis.
Age-related differences in prefrontal cortex activity during retrieval monitoring: testing the compensation and dysfunction accounts.
What and when: parallel and convergent processing in motor control.
How cognitive performance-induced stress can influence right VLPFC activation: an fMRI study in healthy subjects and in patients with social phobia.
Neural changes when actions change: adaptation of strong and weak expectations.
Ventral and dorsal visual stream contributions to the perception of object shape  and object location.
The cerebellum and olfaction in the aging brain: a functional magnetic resonance  imaging study.
"Orthographic Coding: Brain Activation for Letters, Symbols, and Digits."
Altered effective connectivity within the language network in primary progressive aphasia.
The many faces of anxiety-neurobiological correlates of anxiety phenotypes.
"Magnitude Processing in the Brain: An fMRI Study of Time, Space, and Numerosity as a Shared Cortical System."
Neuroimaging of decoding and language comprehension in young very low birth weight (VLBW) adolescents: Indications for compensatory mechanisms.
The dynamics of change in striatal activity following updating training.
Segregated neural representation of distinct emotion dimensions in the prefrontal cortex-an fMRI study.
Hemodynamic responses in neural circuitries for detection of visual target and novelty: An event-related fMRI study.
Human neural systems underlying rigid and flexible forms of allocentric spatial representation.
Brain characteristics of individuals resisting age-related cognitive decline over two decades.
Regulation of Brown Adipose Tissue Activity by Interoceptive CNS Pathways: The interaction between Brain and Periphery.
Anatomical and functional overlap within the insula and anterior cingulate cortex during interoception and phobic symptom provocation.
The neural signatures of egocentric bias in normative decision-making.
Functional selectivity in the human occipitotemporal cortex during natural vision: Evidence from combined intracranial EEG and eye-tracking
Localization of the hand motor area by arterial spin labeling and blood oxygen level-dependent functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Cortical organization of environmental sounds by attribute.
Acute stress influences neural circuits of reward processing.
Three-dimensional probabilistic anatomical cranio-cerebral correlation via the international 10-20 system oriented for transcranial functional brain mapping.
The neural basis of human dance.
"Activations related to ""mirror"" and ""canonical"" neurones in the human brain: an fMRI study."
Learning-related human brain activations reflecting individual finances.
fMRI Cortical Correlates of Spontaneous Eye Blinks in the Nonhuman Primate.
Functional imaging of face and hand imitation: towards a motor theory of empathy.
Differences in cortical coding of heat evoked pain beyond the perceived intensity: an fMRI and EEG study.
Decreased functional connectivity of insula-based network in young adults with internet gaming disorder.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation effects on brain function and cognition among elders with memory dysfunction. A randomized sham-controlled study.
Abnormal processing of deontological guilt in obsessive-compulsive disorder.
The neural substrates of biological motion perception: an fMRI study.
Age differences in the default network at rest and the relation to self-referential processing
Cross-cultural reading the mind in the eyes: an fMRI investigation.
Identify changes of brain regional homogeneity in early and later adult onset patients with first-episode depression using resting-state fMRI.
Brain activation during script-driven imagery induced dissociative responses in PTSD: a functional magnetic resonance imaging investigation.
The spontaneous fluctuation of the excitability of a single node modulates the internodes connectivity: a TMS-EEG study.
Long-term intensive gymnastic training induced changes in intra- and inter-network functional connectivity: an independent component analysis.
Neural systems supporting timing and chronometric counting: an FMRI study.
The auditory cortex hosts network nodes influential for emotion processing: An fMRI study on music-evoked fear and joy.
Biasing the organism for novelty: A pervasive property of the attention system.
Metrical rhythm implicitly orients attention in time as indexed by improved target detection and left inferior parietal activation.
Brain activity associated with the electrodermal reactivity to acute heat pain.
Prefrontal-hippocampal dynamics involved in learning regularities across episodes.
Decision-making after continuous wins or losses in a randomized guessing task: implications for how the prior selection results affect subsequent decision-making
Cortical activation and synchronization during sentence comprehension in high-functioning autism: evidence of underconnectivity.
Individual differences in brain structure and resting-state functional connectivity associated with Type A behavior pattern
"Personality, gender and brain oscillations."
Motor reorganization in asymptomatic carriers of a single mutant Parkin allele: a human model for presymptomatic parkinsonism.
The impact of task demand on visual word recognition
"BOLD fMRI identifies limbic, paralimbic, and cerebellar activation during air hunger."
Neural mechanisms underlying freedom to choose an object.
How the win–lose balance situation affects subsequent decision-making: Functional magnetic resonance imaging evidence from a gambling task
Neural mechanisms of visual object priming: evidence for perceptual and semantic  distinctions in fusiform cortex.
Gray matter increase induced by practice correlates with task-specific activation: a combined functional and morphometric magnetic resonance imaging study.
A variant C178T in the regulatory region of the serotonin receptor gene HTR3A modulates neural activation in the human amygdala.
Brain activity associated with expectancy-enhanced placebo analgesia as measured  by functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Alteration of functional connectivity within visuospatial working memory-related brain network in patients with right temporal lobe epilepsy: A resting-state fMRI study
Unilateral left prefrontal transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) produces intensity-dependent bilateral effects as measured by interleaved BOLD fMRI.
The relationship between study processing and the effects of cue congruency at retrieval: fMRI support for transfer appropriate processing.
The Poggendorff illusion driven by real and illusory contour: Behavioral and neural mechanisms.
Quantitative prediction of perceptual decisions during near-threshold fear detection.
The neural substrate of naming events: effects of processing demands but not of grammatical class.
Reduced prefrontal-parietal effective connectivity and working memory deficits in schizophrenia.
Postconcussion syndrome after minor head injury: brain activation of working memory and attention.
Increased brain connectivity and activation after cognitive rehabilitation in Parkinson's disease: a randomized controlled trial.
Left and right superior parietal lobule in tactile object discrimination.
Repetition priming effects dissociate between miniature eye movements and induced gamma-band responses in the human electroencephalogram.
Competition in working memory reduces frontal guidance of visual selection.
Syntactic Complexity and Frequency in the Neurocognitive Language System.
Overdominant Effect of a CHRNA4 Polymorphism on Cingulo-Opercular Network Activity and Cognitive Control.
Visual word recognition in the left and right hemispheres: anatomical and functional correlates of peripheral alexias.
An fMRI study of optokinetic nystagmus and smooth-pursuit eye movements in humans.
Musical hallucinosis in acquired deafness. Phenomenology and brain substrate.
Neural dissociations between action verb understanding and motor imagery.
Reward anticipation enhances brain activation during response inhibition.
FMRI study of emotional speech comprehension.
The association between stress and mood across the adult lifespan on default mode network.
Human olfactory lateralization requires trigeminal activation
The cortical surface correlates of clinical manifestations in the mid-stage sporadic Parkinson's disease.
Both hyper- and hypo-activation to cognitive challenge are associated with increased beta-amyloid deposition in healthy aging: A nonlinear effect.
Auditory stroop and absolute pitch: an fMRI study.
Resting-state test-retest reliability of a priori defined canonical networks over different preprocessing steps.
Beyond reversal: a critical role for human orbitofrontal cortex in flexible learning from probabilistic feedback.
Neural basis of phonological awareness in beginning readers with familial risk of dyslexia-Results from shallow orthography.
Sliding-window analysis tracks fluctuations in amygdala functional connectivity associated with physiological arousal and vigilance during fear conditioning.
Abstract semantics in the motor system? - An event-related fMRI study on passive  reading of semantic word categories carrying abstract emotional and mental meaning.
Effects of ketamine on prefrontal and striatal regions in an overt verbal fluency task: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
"Are child-, adolescent-, and adult-onset depression one and the same disorder?"
The Mona Lisa effect: Neural correlates of centered and off-centered gaze.
ACC and IPL networks in the perception of the faces of parents during selective tasks.
Functional imaging of the semantic system: retrieval of sensory-experienced and verbally learned knowledge.
Resting state functional connectivity of the anterior cingulate cortex in veterans with and without post-traumatic stress disorder.
Action semantics and movement characteristics engage distinct processing streams  during the observation of tool use.
Dissociable Self Effects for Emotion Regulation: A Study of Chinese Major Depressive Outpatients
Aberrant connectivity of areas for decoding degraded speech in patients with auditory verbal hallucinations.
Identification of degenerate neuronal systems based on intersubject variability.
Locus Coeruleus Activity Mediates Hyperresponsiveness in Posttraumatic Stress Disorder.
Common and segregated processing of observed actions in human SPL.
Point-Process Deconvolution of fMRI BOLD Signal Reveals Effective Connectivity Alterations in Chronic Pain Patients.
The Relationship between Perceptual Decision Variables and Confidence in the Human Brain.
Imaging gait disorders in parkinsonism: a review.
"Voluntary explicit versus involuntary conceptual memory are associated with dissociable fMRI responses in hippocampus, amygdala, and parietal cortex for emotional and neutral word pairs."
Processing of changes in visual speech in the human auditory cortex.
Preferential responses in amygdala and insula during presentation of facial contempt and disgust.
Oddball and incongruity effects during Stroop task performance: a comparative fMRI study on selective attention.
Posttraumatic stress disorder and fMRI activation patterns of traumatic memory in patients with borderline personality disorder.
Morphological and Functional Differences between Athletes and Novices in Cortical Neuronal Networks.
Time Is Not Space: Core Computations and Domain-Specific Networks for Mental Travels.
Changes in cerebral morphology consequent to peripheral autonomic denervation.
Human fear conditioning and extinction in neuroimaging: a systematic review.
"A Three-way Parallel ICA Approach to Analyze Links among Genetics, Brain Structure and Brain Function"
fMRI of optokinetic eye movements with and without a contribution of smooth pursuit.
Developmental changes in the organization of functional connections between the basal ganglia and cerebral cortex.
Matching two imagined clocks: the functional anatomy of spatial analysis in the absence of visual stimulation.
The anterior cingulate and error avoidance.
Brain systems mediating aversive conditioning: an event-related fMRI study.
Appetitive motivation predicts the neural response to facial signals of aggression.
Action word meaning representations in cytoarchitectonically defined primary and  premotor cortices.
Functional and structural alterations of the intraparietal sulcus in a developmental dyscalculia of genetic origin.
Development of temperamental effortful control mediates the relationship between  maturation of the prefrontal cortex and psychopathology during adolescence: a 4-year longitudinal study.
Neurobiological mechanisms underlying the blocking effect in aversive learning.
Neural representation of interval encoding and decision making.
Acute vagus nerve stimulation using different pulse widths produces varying brain effects.
Localization of the primary taste cortex by contrasting passive and attentive conditions.
Modality effects in paced serial addition task: Differential responses to auditory and visual stimuli
Fully-integrated framework for the segmentation and registration of the spinal cord white and gray matter.
Dissociable neural imprints of perception and grammar in auditory functional imaging.
Prefrontal cortex involvement in creative problem solving in middle adolescence and adulthood.
Susceptibility-based functional brain mapping by 3D deconvolution of an MR-phase  activation map.
Neural correlates of forward planning in a spatial decision task in humans.
fMRI evidence for the automatic phonological activation of briefly presented words.
Responsibility modulates the neural correlates of regret during the sequential risk-taking task.
Anomalous neural circuit function in schizophrenia during a virtual Morris water  task.
Interhemispheric visuo-motor integration in humans: the role of the superior parietal cortex.
MEG premotor abnormalities in children with Asperger's syndrome: Determinants of social behavior?
Interaction of Instrumental and Goal-Directed Learning Modulates Prediction Error Representations in the Ventral Striatum.
"Keeping the body in mind: insula functional organization and functional connectivity integrate interoceptive, exteroceptive, and emotional awareness."
Differences in saccade-evoked brain activation patterns with eyes open or eyes closed in complete darkness.
V1 activation in congenitally blind humans is associated with episodic retrieval.
The effect of acute tryptophan depletion on the BOLD response during performance  monitoring and response inhibition in healthy male volunteers.
Differential roles of caudate nucleus and putamen during instrumental learning.
The attribution of animacy and agency in frontotemporal dementia versus Alzheimer's disease.
Imagery in sentence comprehension: an fMRI study.
Felt and seen pain evoke the same local patterns of cortical activity in insular  and cingulate cortex.
Posteromedial parietal cortical activity and inputs predict tactile spatial acuity.
"Is there a link between childhood trauma, cognition, and amygdala and hippocampus volume in first-episode psychosis?"
Bilateral Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation Language Treatment Enhances Functional Connectivity in the Left Hemisphere: Preliminary Data from Aphasia.
"Cortical-hippocampal functional connectivity during covert consolidation sub-serves associative learning: Evidence for an active ""rest"" state."
APOE genotype and neuroimaging markers of Alzheimer’s disease: systematic review and meta-analysis
The moon illusion and size-distance scaling--evidence for shared neural patterns.
Brain-behavior correlation in children depends on the neurocognitive network.
Evaluating ambivalence: social-cognitive and affective brain regions associated with ambivalent decision-making.
Altered spontaneous activity of posterior cingulate cortex and superior temporal  gyrus are associated with a smoking cessation treatment outcome using varenicline revealed by regional homogeneity.
Contralateral and ipsilateral responses in primary somatosensory cortex following electrical median nerve stimulation--an fMRI study.
Decoding Pedophilia: Increased Anterior Insula Response to Infant Animal Pictures.
"Selection, integration, and conflict monitoring; assessing the nature and generality of prefrontal cognitive control mechanisms."
Exogenous vs. endogenous attention: Shifting the balance of fronto-parietal activity.
Specializations for chromatic and temporal signals in human visual cortex.
Mental visual synthesis is originated in the fronto-temporal network of the left  hemisphere.
Effects of ketamine-induced psychopathological symptoms on continuous overt rhyme fluency.
White Matter Integrity and Treatment-Based Change in Speech Performance in Minimally Verbal Children with Autism Spectrum Disorder.
Training-induced neural plasticity in golf novices.
Abnormal auditory sensory gating-out in first-episode and never-medicated paranoid schizophrenia patients: an fMRI study.
Action sentences activate sensory motor regions in the brain independently of their status of reality.
Out of control: Evidence for anterior insula involvement in motor impulsivity and reactive aggression
Aging associated changes in the motor control of ankle movements in the brain
Early life stress modulates oxytocin effects on limbic system during acute psychosocial stress.
Distinct neural systems involved in agency and animacy detection.
A parallel framework for simultaneous EEG/fMRI analysis: methodology and simulation.
Changes in gray matter volume after microsurgical lumbar discectomy: a longitudinal analysis.
Does Psychosocial Stress Impact Cognitive Reappraisal? Behavioral and Neural Evidence.
The cognitive and neural basis of option generation and subsequent choice.
Appraisal of brain connectivity in radiologically isolated syndrome by modeling imaging measures.
rTMS for the treatment of tinnitus: the role of neuronavigation for coil positioning.
Crossmodal processing of object features in human anterior intraparietal cortex:  an fMRI study implies equivalencies between humans and monkeys.
Disruption of default mode network dynamics in acute and chronic pain states.
Neural Representations of Hierarchical Rule Sets: The Human Control System Represents Rules Irrespective of the Hierarchical Level to Which They Belong.
Dynamic BOLD functional connectivity in humans and its electrophysiological correlates.
Multimodal effective connectivity analysis reveals seizure focus and propagation  in musicogenic epilepsy.
Gender and age effects in structural brain asymmetry as measured by MRI texture analysis.
Unintentional temporal context-based prediction of emotional faces: an electrophysiological study.
Voice perception in blind persons: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
"Aberrant regional homogeneity of resting-state executive control, default mode, and salience networks in adult patients with moyamoya disease."
Diagnostic value underlies asymmetric updating of impressions in the morality and ability domains.
Experience induces functional reorganization in brain regions involved in odor imagery in perfumers.
The influence of interoceptive awareness on functional connectivity in patients with irritable bowel syndrome.
Auditory processing across the sleep-wake cycle: simultaneous EEG and fMRI monitoring in humans.
Effects of spinal cord stimulation on the cortical somatosensory evoked potentials in failed back surgery syndrome patients.
Social norms shift behavioral and neural responses to foods.
Dynamics of language reorganization after stroke.
"Metacognitive evaluation, self-relevance, and the right prefrontal cortex."
Bilateral reorganization of posterior temporal cortices in post-lingual deafness  and its relation to cochlear implant outcome.
"Localization of human intraparietal areas AIP, CIP, and LIP using surface orientation and saccadic eye movement tasks."
Working memory dysfunction in delusional disorders: An fMRI investigation
When elephants fly: differential sensitivity of right and left inferior frontal gyri to discourse and world knowledge.
Thinking about actions: the neural substrates of person knowledge.
Activity patterns in the category-selective occipitotemporal cortex predict upcoming motor actions.
Functionally segregated neural substrates for arbitrary audiovisual paired-association learning.
Neural responses to subliminally presented cannabis and other emotionally evocative cues in cannabis-dependent individuals.
Encoding strategies dissociate prefrontal activity from working memory demand.
Imaging the up's and down's of emotion regulation in lifetime depression.
Reduced brain functional reserve and altered functional connectivity in patients  with multiple sclerosis.
The dorsolateral prefrontal cortex contributes to successful relational memory encoding.
Multiband multi-echo imaging of simultaneous oxygenation and flow timeseries for  resting state connectivity.
Neural Substrates Associated with Weather-Induced Mood Variability: An Exploratory Study Using ASL Perfusion fMRI
Evidence for cortical encoding specificity in episodic memory: memory-induced re-activation of picture processing areas.
Aging Affects the Interaction between Attentional Control and Source Memory: An fMRI Study.
Cortical cores in network dynamics.
Neural Mechanisms Underlying Time Perception and Reward Anticipation.
Attentional Modulation of Brain Responses to Primary Appetitive and Aversive Stimuli.
Representation of action in occipito-temporal cortex.
"The Cortical Signature of Central Poststroke Pain: Gray Matter Decreases in Somatosensory, Insular, and Prefrontal Cortices."
Asymmetric Processing of Numerical and Nonnumerical Magnitudes in the Brain: An fMRI Study.
"Stop-signal response inhibition in schizophrenia: behavioural, event-related potential and functional neuroimaging data."
Medial prefrontal and subcortical mechanisms underlying the acquisition of motor  and cognitive action sequences in humans.
Functional MRI evidence of an abnormal neural network for pitch processing in congenital amusia.
The salience network dynamics in perceptual decision-making.
Task-dependent decoding of speaker and vowel identity from auditory cortical response patterns.
Increased Functional Connectivity between Dorsal Posterior Parietal and Ventral Occipitotemporal Cortex during Uncertain Memory Decisions
The neural correlates of incidental self-processing induced by handwritten negative words.
A TMS Investigation on the Role of Lateral Occipital Complex and Caudal Intraparietal Sulcus in the Perception of Object Form and Orientation.
Functional MRI evidence for a role of frontal and inferior temporal cortex in amodal components of priming.
Impaired facial affect recognition and emotional changes in subjects with transmodal cortical lesions.
Face categorization in visual scenes may start in a higher order area of the right fusiform gyrus: evidence from dynamic visual stimulation in neuroimaging.
Memory in frontal lobe epilepsy: an fMRI study.
Broca's region: linking human brain functional connectivity data and non-human primate tracing anatomy studies.
Post-traumatic stress influences local and remote functional connectivity: a resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Parieto-premotor areas mediate directional interference during bimanual movements.
The cerebellum and decision making under uncertainty.
Investigating brain response to music: a comparison of different fMRI acquisition schemes.
Neural networks for the coordination of the hands in time.
The dynamic programming high-order Dynamic Bayesian Networks learning for identifying effective connectivity in human brain from fMRI.
The power of imagination--how anticipatory mental imagery alters perceptual processing of fearful facial expressions.
Men with high serotonin 1B receptor binding respond to provocations with heightened amygdala reactivity.
Neural precursors of delayed insight.
Cross-modal sensory processing in the anterior cingulate and medial prefrontal cortices.
Functional neural correlates of fluid and crystallized analogizing.
Dopaminergic response to drug words in cocaine addiction.
Dissociating source memory decisions in the prefrontal cortex: fMRI of diagnostic and disqualifying monitoring.
White matter maturation profiles through early childhood predict general cognitive ability.
A longitudinal fMRI study on motor activity in patients with multiple sclerosis.
The neural substrates of impaired finger tapping regularity after stroke.
Sleep-dependent neurophysiological processes in implicit sequence learning.
Impaired sensory processing measured by functional MRI in Bipolar disorder manic  and depressed mood states.
Striatal activity during intentional switching depends on pattern stability.
Ultrahigh-frequency EEG during fMRI: pushing the limits of imaging-artifact correction.
EEG source analysis and fMRI reveal two electrical sources in the fronto-parietal operculum during subepidermal finger stimulation.
Goal Directed Worry Rules Are Associated with Distinct Patterns of Amygdala Functional Connectivity and Vagal Modulation during Perseverative Cognition.
Distinct brain regions associated with syllable and phoneme.
Balanced modulation of striatal activation from D /D receptors in caudate and ventral striatum: Disruption in cannabis abusers.
A Computational Account of Optimizing Social Predictions Reveals That Adolescents Are Conservative Learners in Social Contexts.
Ketamine and fMRI BOLD signal: distinguishing between effects mediated by change  in blood flow versus change in cognitive state.
The noradrenergic alpha2 agonist clonidine modulates behavioural and neuroanatomical correlates of human attentional orienting and alerting.
Lateralized interactive social content and valence processing within the human amygdala.
Goal or gold: overlapping reward processes in soccer players upon scoring and winning money.
Modulation of motor and premotor activity during imitation of target-directed actions.
Regulation of emotional responses elicited by threat-related stimuli.
An fMRI investigation of the neural correlates underlying the processing of novel metaphoric expressions.
Structural and functional brain changes beyond visual system in patients with advanced glaucoma.
Influence of neurobehavioral incentive valence and magnitude on alcohol drinking  behavior.
Structural brain abnormalities in patients with Parkinson’s disease with visual hallucinations: A comparative voxel-based analysis
The neural signature of satiation is associated with ghrelin response and triglyceride metabolism
Absence of face-specific cortical activity in the complete absence of awareness:  converging evidence from functional magnetic resonance imaging and event-related  potentials.
The Richness of Task-Evoked Hemodynamic Responses Defines a Pseudohierarchy of Functionally Meaningful Brain Networks
Retinal abnormalities in human albinism translate into a reduction of grey matter in the occipital cortex.
Neural correlates of self-reflection.
A pilot study linking reduced fronto-striatal recruitment during reward processing to persistent bingeing following treatment for binge-eating disorder
Effective treatment of chronic low back pain in humans reverses abnormal brain anatomy and function.
Prediction During Natural Language Comprehension.
The neural correlates of theory of mind within interpersonal interactions.
Face shape and face identity processing in behavioral variant fronto-temporal dementia: A specific deficit for familiarity and name recognition of famous faces.
Brain plasticity in relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis: evidence from resting-state fMRI.
Functional magnetic resonance imaging reveals the neural substrates of arm transport and grip formation in reach-to-grasp actions in humans.
Age-related changes in right middle frontal gyrus volume correlate with altered episodic retrieval activity.
Neural correlates of immediate and prolonged effects of cognitive reappraisal and distraction on emotional experience.
Functional and effective connectivity in an fMRI study of an auditory-related task.
Sensory and motor cortex function contributes to symptom severity in spinocerebellar ataxia type 6.
Functional network connectivity underlying food processing: disturbed salience and visual processing in overweight and obese adults.
Importance of punishment frequency in the Iowa gambling task: an fMRI study.
Dissociation within the frontoparietal network in verbal working memory: a parametric functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
"Reprint of ""Effortful control, depression, and anxiety correlate with the influence of emotion on executive attentional control""."
Cerebral cortical representation of automatic and volitional swallowing in humans.
Blindsight mediated by an S-cone-independent collicular pathway: an fMRI study in hemispherectomized subjects.
Upregulation of the rostral anterior cingulate cortex can alter the perception of emotions: fMRI-based neurofeedback at 3 and 7 T.
Both parietal lobes are involved in drawing: a functional MRI study and implications for constructional apraxia.
The 5-HTTLPR variant in the serotonin transporter gene modifies degeneration of brain regions important for emotion in behavioral variant frontotemporal dementia.
Multichannel fNIRS assessment of overt and covert confrontation naming.
Brain amyloid-beta burden is associated with disruption of intrinsic functional connectivity within the medial temporal lobe in cognitively normal elderly.
"Structural and functional MRI abnormalities of cerebellar cortex and nuclei in SCA3, SCA6 and Friedreich's ataxia."
"Hypothalamus, sexual arousal and psychosexual identity in human males: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study."
Functional neuroanatomy of learned helplessness.
The influence of combined cognitive plus social-cognitive training on amygdala response during face emotion recognition in schizophrenia.
Silence is golden: transient neural deactivation in the prefrontal cortex during  attentive reading.
Preserved functional competence of perilesional areas in drug-resistant epilepsy  with lesion in supplementary motor cortex: fMRI and neuropsychological observations.
Sex-Dependent Dissociation between Emotional Appraisal and Memory: A Large-Scale  Behavioral and fMRI Study.
Cerebral representation of the relief of itch by scratching.
Ability to Gain Control Over One's Own Brain Activity and its Relation to Spiritual Practice: A Multimodal Imaging Study.
Intra-individual changes in Stroop-related activations linked to cigarette abstinence in adolescent tobacco smokers: Preliminary findings.
Spontaneous activity associated with primary visual cortex: a resting-state FMRI  study.
Premotor cortex is sensitive to auditory-visual congruence for biological motion.
Neural correlates of the chronic fatigue syndrome--an fMRI study.
The Brain Basis of Positive and Negative Affect: Evidence from a Meta-Analysis of the Human Neuroimaging Literature.
Neural mechanisms underlying subsequent memory for personal beliefs:An fMRI study.
ERBB4 polymorphism and family history of psychiatric disorders on age-related cortical changes in healthy children.
Anatomical and functional enhancements of the insula after loss of large primary  somatosensory fibers.
Neural correlates of context memory with real-world events.
Cortical thickness alterations in social anxiety disorder.
Aversive emotional interference impacts behavior and prefronto-striatal activity  during increasing attentional control.
Differential remoteness and emotional tone modulate the neural correlates of autobiographical memory.
Prefrontal Cortex Activation Reflects Efficient Exploitation of Higher-order Statistical Structure.
Verbal memory impairments in schizophrenia associated with cortical thinning.
Time-dependent neural activations related to recognition of people's names in emotional and neutral face-name associative learning: an fMRI study.
Dissociation of neural representation of intensity and affective valuation in human gustation.
The processing of animacy information is disrupted as a function of callous-unemotional traits in youth with disruptive behavior disorders.
Dissociable roles for the hippocampus and the amygdala in human cued versus context fear conditioning.
A large-scale distributed network for covert spatial attention: further anatomical delineation based on stringent behavioural and cognitive controls.
Distinct neural correlates of the preference-related valuation of supraliminally  and subliminally presented faces.
Can Cantonese rhymes be used in the assessment of hemispheric dominance for language?
Dissociable dorsal and ventral frontostriatal working memory circuits: evidence from subthalamic stimulation in Parkinson's disease.
The impact of aesthetic evaluation and physical ability on dance perception.
Processing of inconsistent emotional information: an fMRI study.
Cerebellar involvement in response reassignment rather than attention.
Neural predictive error signal correlates with depressive illness severity in a game paradigm.
A crucial role for the cortico-striato-cortical loop in the pathogenesis of stroke-related neurogenic stuttering.
Viewing one's own face being touched modulates tactile perception: an fMRI study.
Double dissociation between motor and visual imagery in the posterior parietal cortex.
The influence of colour and sound on neuronal activation during visual object naming.
Retrosplenial and hippocampal brain regions in human navigation: complementary functional contributions to the formation and use of cognitive maps.
Voxel-based diffusion tensor imaging in patients with mesial temporal lobe epilepsy and hippocampal sclerosis.
Linear coupling between cerebral blood flow and oxygen consumption in activated human cortex.
Alterations in brain activation during cholinergic enhancement with rivastigmine  in Alzheimer's disease.
Genetic associations of brain structural networks in schizophrenia: a preliminary study.
The role of lateral premotor-cerebellar-parietal circuits in motor sequence control: a parametric fMRI study.
Neural Correlates of Disturbed Emotion Processing in Borderline Personality Disorder: A Multimodal Meta-Analysis.
Toward brain correlates of natural behavior: fMRI during violent video games.
Neural evidence for individual and cultural variability in the social comparison  effect.
Great expectations: neural computations underlying the use of social norms in decision-making.
Mentalizing in preclinical Huntington's disease: an fMRI study using cartoon picture stories.
STN-stimulation in Parkinson's disease restores striatal inhibition of thalamocortical projection.
Cortical thinning in obsessive compulsive disorder.
Neural Correlates of Attentional Flexibility during Approach and Avoidance Motivation.
Functional connectivity associated with hand shape generation: Imitating novel hand postures and pantomiming tool grips challenge different nodes of a shared neural network.
Surprisingly correct: unexpectedness of observed actions activates the medial prefrontal cortex.
Cortical surface area and IQ in very-low-birth-weight (VLBW) young adults.
fMRI Syntactic and Lexical Repetition Effects Reveal the Initial Stages of Learning a New Language.
Mind your left: spatial bias in subcortical fear processing.
Increased functional connectivity within memory networks following memory rehabilitation in multiple sclerosis.
Correlation of cerebral blood flow and treatment effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in depressed patients.
Category-specific medial temporal lobe activation and the consolidation of semantic memory: evidence from fMRI.
The effects of DAT1 genotype on fMRI activation in an emotional go/no-go task.
Neural response to prosocial scenes relates to subsequent giving behavior in adolescents: A pilot study.
Can't shake that feeling: event-related fMRI assessment of sustained amygdala activity in response to emotional information in depressed individuals.
The neural basis of impulsive discounting in pathological gamblers.
Brain activation during semantic processing in autism spectrum disorders via functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Anterior insula coordinates hierarchical processing of tactile mismatch responses.
Altered Functional Connectivity Density in Subtypes of Parkinson's Disease.
Altered structure and function in the hippocampus and medial prefrontal cortex in patients with burning mouth syndrome
Distinct brain representations for early and late learned words.
Chronological age and its impact on associative learning proficiency and brain structure in middle adulthood.
Parietal cortex integrates contextual and saliency signals during the encoding of natural scenes in working memory.
Novelty enhancements in memory are dependent on lateral prefrontal cortex.
Cross-modal plasticity for sensory and motor activation patterns in blind subjects.
Neural processing of threat cues in social environments.
Dissociation of reach-related and visual signals in the human superior colliculus.
Common and dissociated mechanisms for estimating large and small dot arrays: Value-specific fMRI adaptation.
Event-related functional magnetic resonance imaging measures of neural activity to positive social stimuli in pre- and post-treatment depression.
Learning about time: plastic changes and interindividual brain differences.
"Oxytocin, the peptide that bonds the sexes also divides them."
Dynamic pattern of brain activation during sequencing of word strings evaluated by fMRI.
Deactivation in the posterior mid-cingulate cortex reflects perceptual transitions during binocular rivalry: Evidence from simultaneous EEG-fMRI.
Predicting events of varying probability: uncertainty investigated by fMRI.
Intrinsic connectivity networks from childhood to late adolescence: Effects of age and sex.
Neural correlates of the perception of contrastive prosodic focus in French: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Control of attention shifts between vision and audition in human cortex.
Neural consequences of acting in near versus far space: a physiological basis for clinical dissociations.
The eye contact effect in request and emblematic hand gestures.
Brain activation during masked and unmasked semantic priming: commonalities and differences.
Olfactory system activation from sniffing: effects in piriform and orbitofrontal  cortex.
Brain activations supporting linking of action phases in a sequential manual task.
Conceptualizing neuropsychiatric diseases with multimodal data-driven meta-analyses – The case of behavioral variant frontotemporal dementia
Cortical signatures of noun and verb production.
fMRI characterization of the language formulation area.
Improving reliability of subject-level resting-state fMRI parcellation with shrinkage estimators.
"Working memory, age and education: A lifespan fMRI study."
Acute and sustained effects of cognitive emotion regulation in major depression.
Spatial attention can modulate audiovisual integration at multiple cortical and subcortical sites.
Expertise modulates local regional homogeneity of spontaneous brain activity in the resting brain: an fMRI study using the model of skilled acupuncturists.
Disrupted engagement of networks supporting hot and cold cognition in remitted major depressive disorder.
Brain structure and function in patients with ovarian cancer treated with first-line chemotherapy: a pilot study.
A functional MRI study of the influence of practice on component processes of working memory.
Metabolic evidence for remote inhibition in epilepsies with continuous spike-waves during sleep.
Functional MRI studies of spatial and nonspatial working memory.
Hemispheric specialization in human dorsal frontal cortex and medial temporal lobe for verbal and nonverbal memory encoding.
Age-related differences in neural recruitment during the use of cognitive reappraisal and selective attention as emotion regulation strategies
Touching moments: desire modulates the neural anticipation of active romantic caress.
Multifaceted genomic risk for brain function in schizophrenia.
Prediction error during retrospective revaluation of causal associations in humans: fMRI evidence in favor of an associative model of learning.
Neural correlates of the attentional blink.
Autistic disorders and schizophrenia: related or remote? An anatomical likelihood estimation.
Lateral OFC activity predicts decision bias due to first impressions during ultimatum games.
Developmental specialization in the right intraparietal sulcus for the abstract representation of numerical magnitude.
"One brain, two selves."
Where does your own action influence your perception of another person's action in the brain?
Anterior hippocampus and goal-directed spatial decision making.
Segregating semantic and syntactic aspects of processing in the human brain: an fMRI investigation of different word types.
A widely distributed spectral signature of task-negative electrocorticography responses revealed during a visuomotor task in the human cortex.
Neural activity of the anterior insula in emotional processing depends on the individuals' emotional susceptibility.
The Effects of Dietary Caffeine Use and Abstention on Blood Oxygen Level-Dependent Activation and Cerebral Blood Flow
Dispositional mindfulness is predicted by structural development of the insula during late adolescence.
Imbalance between left and right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in major depression is linked to negative emotional judgment: an fMRI study in severe major depressive disorder.
Predication drives verb cortical signatures.
Test-retest reliability of fMRI verbal episodic memory paradigms in healthy older adults and in persons with mild cognitive impairment.
Right parietal dominance in spatial egocentric discrimination.
Power grip disinhibits the ipsilateral sensorimotor cortex: a TMS and fMRI study.
Top-down influences on lexical selection during spoken word production: A 4T fMRI investigation of refractory effects in picture naming.
Functional magnetic resonance imaging examination of two modular architectures for switching multiple internal models.
Multiple brain networks contribute to the acquisition of bias in perceptual decision-making.
Right anterior superior temporal activation predicts auditory sentence comprehension following aphasic stroke.
Anticipation of peer evaluation in anxious adolescents: divergence in neural activation and maturation.
Reorganization of auditory cortex in early-deaf people: functional connectivity and relationship to hearing aid use.
Parallel and serial processing in dual-tasking differentially involves mechanisms in the striatum and the lateral prefrontal cortex.
Differentiating allocation of resources and conflict detection within attentional control processing.
Stressed memories: how acute stress affects memory formation in humans.
Abnormal dynamics of activation of object use information in apraxia: evidence from eyetracking
Cortical and limbic activation during viewing of high- versus low-calorie foods.
Effects of attention and emotion on face processing in the human brain: an event-related fMRI study.
An oculomotor decision process revealed by functional magnetic resonance imaging.
A Comparison between Uni- and Bilateral tDCS Effects on Functional Connectivity of the Human Motor Cortex.
Structural asymmetries in the human brain: a voxel-based statistical analysis of  142 MRI scans.
An fMRI investigation of detection of semantic incongruities in autistic spectrum conditions.
Dynamic causal modeling with neural fields.
"Reproducing the Hemoglobin Saturation Profile, a Marker of the Blood Oxygenation  Level Dependent (BOLD) fMRI Effect, at the Microscopic Level."
"Genotype-specific patterns of atrophy progression are more sensitive than clinical decline in SCA1, SCA3 and SCA6."
Delay activity and sensory-motor translation during planned eye or hand movements to visual or tactile targets.
Residual effects of emotion are reflected in enhanced visual activity after sleep.
"Integrated cross-network connectivity of amygdala, insula, and subgenual cingulate associated with facial emotion perception in healthy controls and remitted major depressive disorder."
Left cytoarchitectonic area 44 supports selection in the mental lexicon during language production.
Auditory processing in the vegetative state.
Dissociable neural substrates for agentic versus conceptual representations of self.
No gender differences in brain activation during the N-back task: an fMRI study in healthy individuals.
"Separate channels for processing form, texture, and color: evidence from FMRI adaptation and visual object agnosia."
Abnormal prefrontal cortex resting state functional connectivity and severity of  internet gaming disorder.
Why am I unsure? Internal and external attributions of uncertainty dissociated by fMRI.
Abnormal ventral tegmental area-anterior cingulate cortex connectivity in Parkinson's disease with depression.
Neural complexity as a potential translational biomarker for psychosis.
A word expressing affective pain activates the anterior cingulate cortex in the human brain: an fMRI study.
Neuroticism and extraversion are associated with amygdala resting-state functional connectivity.
Human mesostriatal response tracks motivational tendencies under naturalistic goal conflict.
FMRI investigation of cross-cultural music comprehension.
Prefrontal Engagement and Reduced Default Network Suppression Co-occur and Are Dynamically Coupled in Older Adults: The Default-Executive Coupling Hypothesis of Aging.
White matter integrity deficits in prefrontal-amygdala pathways in Williams syndrome.
Neural activity relating to generation and representation of galvanic skin conductance responses: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Pattern recognition of magnetic resonance imaging-based gray matter volume measurements classifies bipolar disorder and major depressive disorder.
TRANSDIAGNOSTIC DIMENSIONS OF ANXIETY AND DEPRESSION MODERATE MOTIVATION-RELATED BRAIN NETWORKS DURING GOAL MAINTENANCE
Neurocircuitry underlying risk and resilience to social anxiety disorder
Effects of an ambient odor on brain activations during episodic retrieval of objects.
Effects of attention and emotion on repetition priming and their modulation by cholinergic enhancement.
Interhemispheric transfer of language in patients with left frontal cerebral arteriovenous malformation.
Unilateral vestibular failure suppresses cortical visual motion processing.
A gene-brain-cognition pathway: prefrontal activity mediates the effect of COMT on cognitive control and IQ.
Does brain activity at rest reflect adaptive strategies? Evidence from speech processing after cochlear implantation.
Impaired efficiency of functional networks underlying episodic memory-for-context in schizophrenia.
When language meets action: the neural integration of gesture and speech.
Nicotine-induced activation of caudate and anterior cingulate cortex in response  to errors in schizophrenia.
"Changes in cortical, cerebellar and basal ganglia representation after comprehensive long term unilateral hand motor training."
Neural correlates of a clinical continuous performance test
Does somatosensory discrimination activate different brain areas in children with unilateral cerebral palsy compared to typically developing children? An fMRI study
Differential roles of inferior frontal and inferior parietal cortex in task switching: evidence from stimulus-categorization switching and response-modality  switching.
Where is your shoulder? Neural correlates of localizing others' body parts.
Patients with focal cerebellar lesions show reduced auditory cortex activation during silent reading.
Error-related medial frontal theta activity predicts cingulate-related structural connectivity
The default modes of reading: modulation of posterior cingulate and medial prefrontal cortex connectivity associated with comprehension and task focus while reading.
Bilateral dorsal fronto-parietal areas are associated with integration of visual  motion information and timed motor action.
An fMRI study of acupuncture-induced brain activation of aphasia stroke patients
Idiom comprehension: a prefrontal task?
Neural correlates of rate-dependent finger-tapping in Parkinson's disease.
Neurobiology of value integration: when value impacts valuation.
"Functional magnetic resonance imaging-assessed brain responses during an executive task depend on interaction of sleep homeostasis, circadian phase, and PER3 genotype."
Brain Structure and Function Associated with Younger Adults in Growth Hormone Receptor-Deficient Humans.
Somatosensory cortical plasticity in carpal tunnel syndrome treated by acupuncture.
Reduced functional coupling in the default-mode network during self-referential processing.
Challenging a decade of brain research on task switching: brain activation in the task-switching paradigm reflects adaptation rather than reconfiguration of task sets.
Potentiation of motor sub-networks for motor control but not working memory: Interaction of dACC and SMA revealed by resting-state directed functional connectivity.
Smoking-Related Cue-Induced Brain Activation in Adolescent Light Smokers
Patterns of cortical thickness and surface area in early Parkinson's disease
(Still) longing for food: insulin reactivity modulates response to food pictures.
Intrinsic functional organization of putative language networks in the brain following left cerebral hemispherectomy.
Vestibular nuclei and cerebellum put visual gravitational motion in context.
The innate alarm circuit in post-traumatic stress disorder: Conscious and subconscious processing of fear- and trauma-related cues.
The effect of presentation paradigm on syntactic processing: An event-related fMRI study.
Functional magnetic resonance imaging of divergent and convergent thinking in Big-C creativity.
A frontoparietal network for spatial attention reorienting in the auditory domain: a human fMRI/MEG study of functional and temporal dynamics.
The calculating brain: an fMRI study.
Altered cerebellar-cerebral functional connectivity in benign adult familial myoclonic epilepsy.
Brain activation during ideomotor praxis: imitation and movements executed by verbal command.
Personality-dependent dissociation of absolute and relative loss processing in orbitofrontal cortex.
Premotor cortex in observing erroneous action: an fMRI study.
A preferential increase in the extrastriate response to signals of danger.
Neural processing of race during imitation: self-similarity versus social status.
Oxytocin and vasopressin effects on the neural response to social cooperation are modulated by sex in humans.
"Brain responses to violet, blue, and green monochromatic light exposures in humans: prominent role of blue light and the brainstem."
Specialization along the left superior temporal sulcus for auditory categorization.
Auditory attention enhances processing of positive and negative words in inferior and superior prefrontal cortex.
A conditional Granger causality model approach for group analysis in functional magnetic resonance imaging
Spatial and temporal functional connectivity changes between resting and attentive states.
Feeling-of-knowing in episodic memory: an event-related fMRI study.
The orthographic sensitivity to written Chinese in the occipital-temporal cortex.
"The effect of 5-HTTLPR and a serotonergic multi-marker score on amygdala, prefrontal and anterior cingulate cortex reactivity and habituation in a large, healthy fMRI cohort."
State of expectancy modulates the neural response to visual food stimuli in humans
Altered Brain Microstate Dynamics in Adolescents with Narcolepsy.
Evidence of a novel somatopic map in the human neocerebellum during complex actions.
Behavioral and neural correlates to multisensory detection of sick humans.
A frontal but not parietal neural correlate of auditory consciousness.
Cortisol’s effects on hippocampal activation in depressed patients are related to alterations in memory formation
Cocaine dependence and attention switching within and between verbal and visuospatial working memory.
Perceptual decisions formed by accumulation of audiovisual evidence in prefrontal cortex.
Neural correlates of altered general emotion processing in social anxiety disorder
Frontal and parietal participation in problem solving in the Tower of London: fMRI and computational modeling of planning and high-level perception.
Difference in regional neural fluctuations and functional connectivity in Crohn's disease: a resting-state functional MRI study.
Expectancy constraints in degraded speech modulate the language comprehension network.
Challenge to Promote Change: The Neural Basis of the Contextual Interference Effect in Young and Older Adults.
Arteries dominate volume changes during brief functional hyperemia: evidence from mathematical modelling.
Neuroimaging evidence for cortical involvement in the preparation and in the act  of swallowing.
Quantitative Meta-Analysis on State and Trait Aspects of Auditory Verbal Hallucinations in Schizophrenia
The role of multiple contralesional motor areas for complex hand movements after  internal capsular lesion.
Generators and Connectivity of the Early Auditory Evoked Gamma Band Response.
Typical and atypical neurodevelopment for face specialization: an FMRI study.
A method for multitask fMRI data fusion applied to schizophrenia.
Gray and white matter alterations in spinocerebellar ataxia type 7: Anin vivoDTI and VBM study
Neural integration of speech and gesture in schizophrenia: evidence for differential processing of metaphoric gestures.
A functional neuroimaging study of motivation and executive function.
Executive functions in the absence of behavior: functional imaging of the minimally conscious state.
Nicotine effects on brain function during a visual oddball task: a comparison between conventional and EEG-informed fMRI analysis.
Spatially dissociated flow-metabolism coupling in brain activation.
Brain activation associated with motor skill practice in children with developmental coordination disorder: an fMRI study
How does interoceptive awareness interact with the subjective experience of emotion? An fMRI study.
Identifying grey matter changes in schizotypy using partial least squares correlation.
Tracking the implicit self using event-related potentials.
Anticipation of reward in a nonaversive differential conditioning paradigm and the brain reward system: an event-related fMRI study.
Distinct roles of prefrontal cortical subregions in the Iowa Gambling Task.
Dopaminergic modulation of response inhibition: an fMRI study.
Adolescent development of context-dependent stimulus-reward association memory and its neural correlates.
Prefrontal contributions to relational encoding in amnestic mild cognitive impairment.
Somatotopy and attentional modulation of the human parietal and opercular regions.
An fMRI study of intentional and unintentional (embarrassing) violations of social norms.
FDDNP binding using MR derived cortical surface maps.
Interaction of childhood urbanicity and variation in dopamine genes alters adult  prefrontal function as measured by functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI).
Representation of pain and somatic sensation in the human insula: a study of responses to direct electrical cortical stimulation.
Aging effects on the resting state motor network and interlimb coordination.
Disrupted salience processing involved in motivational deficits for real-life activities in patients with schizophrenia.
"Detection of differential speech-specific processes in the temporal lobe using fMRI and a dynamic ""sound morphing"" technique."
Dynamic changes in large-scale functional network organization during autobiographical memory retrieval.
Voxel-wise information theoretic EEG-fMRI feature integration
Age-related increases in long-range connectivity in fetal functional neural connectivity networks in utero.
Magnetic resonance imaging of cerebellar-prefrontal and cerebellar-parietal functional connectivity.
Top-down and bottom-up attention to memory: a hypothesis (AtoM) on the role of the posterior parietal cortex in memory retrieval.
Neurofunctional modulation of brain regions by distinct forms of motor cognition  and movement features.
Feedforward and feedback processes in motor control.
Paying attention to social meaning: an FMRI study.
Decreased neural activity in reward circuitry during personal reference in abstinent alcoholics--a fMRI study.
Mistaking a house for a face: neural correlates of misperception in healthy humans.
The Difference between Aesthetic Appreciation of Artistic and Popular Music: Evidence from an fMRI Study.
Age-related changes of the functional architecture of the cortico-basal ganglia circuitry during motor task execution
Evidence for neural accommodation to a writing system following learning.
Plasticity of prefrontal cortex connectivity in schizophrenia in response to antisaccade practice.
The locus ceruleus is involved in the successful retrieval of emotional memories  in humans.
Different duration of at-risk mental state associated with neurofunctional abnormalities. A multimodal imaging study.
Color harmony represented by activity in the medial orbitofrontal cortex and amygdala.
"Intentional inhibition: how the ""veto-area"" exerts control."
Activation of the left planum temporale in pitch processing is shaped by language experience.
Increased amygdala and decreased dorsolateral prefrontal BOLD responses in unipolar depression: related and independent features.
Striatum-medial prefrontal cortex connectivity predicts developmental changes in  reinforcement learning.
Presurgical localization and spatial shift of resting state networks in patients  with brain metastases.
Disgust sensitivity predicts the insula and pallidal response to pictures of disgusting foods.
Electrophysiological correlates of rapid spatial orienting towards fearful faces.
The effect of transcranial direct current stimulation on the cortical activation  by motor task in the human brain: an fMRI study.
Motor learning elicited by voluntary drive.
Anatomical segregation of representations of personally familiar and famous people in the temporal and parietal cortices.
Focal And Global Brain Measurements in Siblings of Patients With Schizophrenia
Pseudocontinuous arterial spin labeling reveals dissociable effects of morphine and alcohol on regional cerebral blood flow
Activity in right temporo-parietal junction is not selective for theory-of-mind.
"A Probability Distribution over Latent Causes, in the Orbitofrontal Cortex."
Functional connectivity dynamics during film viewing reveal common networks for different emotional experiences.
Complex relationship between BOLD signal and synchronization/desynchronization of human brain MEG oscillations.
Oxytocin facilitates the sensation of social stress.
Visuospatial complexity modulates reading in the brain.
Disrupted regional homogeneity in treatment-resistant depression: A resting-state fMRI study
A network of occipito-temporal face-sensitive areas besides the right middle fusiform gyrus is necessary for normal face processing.
Brain activations in response to vibrotactile tooth stimulation: a psychophysical and fMRI study.
Implicit emotion regulation in adolescent girls: An exploratory investigation of  Hidden Markov Modeling and its neural correlates.
Weekend-weekday advances in sleep timing are associated with altered reward-related brain function in healthy adolescents.
Neural correlates of verbal feedback processing: an fMRI study employing overt speech.
Increased Posterior Insula-Sensorimotor Connectivity Is Associated with Cognitive Function in Healthy Participants with Sleep Complaints.
Where Is the Beat? The Neural Correlates of Lexical Stress and Rhythmical Well-formedness in Auditory Story Comprehension.
The Relationship Between Physical Activity and Brain Responses to Pain in Fibromyalgia
Embodied visual perception of distorted finger postures.
Blood oxygenation level dependent contrast resting state networks are relevant to functional activity in the neocortical sensorimotor system.
Decoding intentions of self and others from fMRI activity patterns.
Recall of emotional states in posttraumatic stress disorder: an fMRI investigation.
Adaptive top-down suppression of hippocampal activity and the purging of intrusive memories from consciousness.
The musician's brain: functional imaging of amateurs and professionals during performance and imagery.
Recollection and the reinstatement of encoding-related cortical activity.
How the human brain exchanges information across sensory modalities to recognize  other people.
Human cortical networks for new and familiar sequences of saccades.
Dopamine Modulates the Functional Organization of the Orbitofrontal Cortex.
Developmental dyslexia: gray matter abnormalities in the occipitotemporal cortex.
The neural origins of superficial and individuated judgments about ingroup and outgroup members.
A 4D neonatal head model for diffuse optical imaging of pre-term to term infants.
Segregated and integrated coding of reward and punishment in the cingulate cortex.
Electrophysiological analysis of cortical mechanisms of selective attention to high and low spatial frequencies.
Neural representations of close others in collectivistic brains
Effects of oxycodone on brain responses to emotional images.
Individual differences in resting-state functional connectivity with the executive network: support for a cerebellar role in anxiety vulnerability.
Are the neural correlates of stopping and not going identical? Quantitative meta-analysis of two response inhibition tasks
Multimodal imaging of incidental retrieval: the low route to memory.
Distinct patterns of functional and effective connectivity between perirhinal cortex and other cortical regions in recognition memory and perceptual discrimination.
A whole brain volumetric approach in overweight/obese children: Examining the association with different physical fitness components and academic performance.  The ActiveBrains project.
The influence of individual motor imagery ability on cerebral recruitment during  gait imagery.
Sensory overload and imbalance: Resting-state vestibular connectivity in PTSD and its dissociative subtype.
Distinct functional substrates along the right superior temporal sulcus for the processing of voices.
Evidence for context sensitivity of grasp representations in human parietal and premotor cortices
Anterior hippocampus orchestrates successful encoding and retrieval of non-relational memory: an event-related fMRI study.
Dynamic neural network reorganization associated with second language vocabulary  acquisition: a multimodal imaging study.
Selective functional dysconnectivity of the dorsal-anterior subregion of the precuneus in drug-naive major depressive disorder.
Alterations in amplitude of low frequency fluctuation in treatment-naive major depressive disorder measured with resting-state fMRI.
Altered functional connectivity in default mode network in absence epilepsy: a resting-state fMRI study.
Neural generators underlying concurrent sound segregation
Function of striatum beyond inhibition and execution of motor responses.
Alien hand syndrome: neural correlates of movements without conscious will.
A voxel-based morphometry study of grey matter loss in fragile X-associated tremor/ataxia syndrome
fMRI correlates of the episodic retrieval of emotional contexts.
Human brain activity in the control of fine static precision grip forces: an fMRI study.
How Human Amygdala and Bed Nucleus of the Stria Terminalis May Drive Distinct Defensive Responses.
Writer's cramp: increased dorsal premotor activity during intended writing.
CAG Repeats Determine Brain Atrophy in Spinocerebellar Ataxia 17: A VBM Study
Brain activation patterns during a selective attention test-a functional MRI study in healthy volunteers and patients with schizophrenia.
Changes in subcortical resting-state functional connectivity in patients with psychophysiological insomnia after cognitive-behavioral therapy: Changes in resting-state FC after CBT for insomnia patien
The role of P-glycoprotein in CNS antihistamine effects.
Distinguishing Adolescents With Conduct Disorder From Typically Developing Youngsters Based on Pattern Classification of Brain Structural MRI.
The effects of left or right hemispheric epilepsy on language networks investigated with semantic decision fMRI task and independent component analysis
Changes in thalamus connectivity in mild cognitive impairment: Evidence from resting state fMRI
Fronto-limbic dysfunction in borderline personality disorder: A 18F-FDG positron emission tomography study
Behavioral and neural correlates of disrupted orienting attention in posttraumatic stress disorder.
Cortical mechanisms of person representation: recognition of famous and personally familiar names.
The volatility of the amygdala response to masked fearful eyes.
Explaining left lateralization for words in the ventral occipitotemporal cortex.
How Self-Determined Choice Facilitates Performance: A Key Role of the Ventromedial Prefrontal Cortex.
Dissociable roles of internal feelings and face recognition ability in facial expression decoding.
"Differential influences of emotion, task, and novelty on brain regions underlying the processing of speech melody."
Differential amygdalar response to novel versus newly familiar neutral faces: a functional MRI probe developed for studying inhibited temperament.
Age-differential patterns of brain activation during perception of angry faces.
Diagnosis of posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) based on correlations of prewhitened fMRI data: outcomes and areas involved.
The role of dopamine in inhibitory control in smokers and non-smokers: a pharmacological fMRI study.
White matter abnormalities in methcathinone abusers with an extrapyramidal syndrome.
Brain networks underlying mental imagery of auditory and visual information.
Inter-individual differences in audio-motor learning of piano melodies and white  matter fiber tract architecture.
The role of the precuneus in metaphor comprehension: evidence from an fMRI study  in people with schizophrenia and healthy participants.
The rostral prefrontal cortex underlies individual differences in working memory  capacity: An approach from the hierarchical model of the cognitive control.
Neural substrates differentiating global/local processing of bilateral visual inputs.
The encoding of saccadic eye movements within human posterior parietal cortex.
Effect of syntactic similarity on cortical activation during second language processing: a comparison of English and Japanese among native Korean trilinguals.
A comparison of visual and auditory motion processing in human cerebral cortex.
Left anterior temporal cortex actively engages in speech perception: A direct cortical stimulation study
Deficient responses from the lateral geniculate nucleus in humans with amblyopia.
Semantics of the Visual Environment Encoded in Parahippocampal Cortex.
Functional neuroanatomy associated with the expression of distinct movement kinematics in motor sequence learning
Gray matter density increase in the primary sensorimotor cortex in long-term essential blepharospasm
The Value of Being Wrong: Intermittent Feedback Delivery Alters the Striatal Response to Negative Feedback.
From moral to legal judgment: the influence of normative context in lawyers and other academics.
Inefficiently increased anterior cingulate modulation of cortical systems during working memory in young offspring of schizophrenia patients
Comparison of the neural basis for imagined writing and drawing.
Attention to visual speech gestures enhances hemodynamic activity in the left planum temporale.
Differentiation of visceral and cutaneous pain in the human brain.
The role of the cingulate cortex as neural generator of the N200 and P300 in a tactile response inhibition task.
White matter alterations related to P300 abnormalities in individuals at high risk for psychosis: an MRI–EEG study
Aging Effects on Regional Brain Structural Changes in Schizophrenia
Diurnal Variations in Neural Activity of Healthy Human Brain Decoded with Resting-State Blood Oxygen Level Dependent fMRI.
Aging effects on the control of grip force magnitude: An fMRI study
Left Inferior Frontal Gyrus Sensitivity to Phonetic Competition in Receptive Language Processing: A Comparison of Clear and Conversational Speech.
Item retrieval and competition in noun and verb generation: an FMRI study.
Association between therapy outcome and right-hemispheric activation in chronic aphasia.
Frontal-subcortical circuits involved in reactive control and monitoring of gaze.
Differential patterns of nucleus accumbens activation during anticipation of monetary and social reward in young and older adults.
Reduced specificity of functional connectivity in the aging brain during task performance.
"Cortical representation of verb processing in sentence comprehension: number of complements, subcategorization, and thematic frames."
Hypofrontality in subjects at high genetic risk of schizophrenia with depressive  symptoms.
Cortical thickness in untreated transsexuals.
Individual differences in learning correlate with modulation of brain activity induced by transcranial direct current stimulation.
24-Month effect of smoking cessation on cognitive function and brain structure in later life
Modeling activation and effective connectivity of VWFA in same script bilinguals.
Recording event-related activity under hostile magnetic resonance environment: Is multimodal EEG/ERP-MRI recording possible?
A bilateral occipitotemporal network mediates face perception.
Default network response to a working memory challenge after withdrawal of continuous positive airway pressure treatment for obstructive sleep apnea.
The neural correlates of alcohol-related aggression.
Isolating the retrieval of imagined pictures during episodic memory: activation of the left precuneus and left prefrontal cortex.
Distinct Functional Networks Associated with Improvement of Affective Symptoms and Cognitive Function During Citalopram Treatment in Geriatric Depression
Using Voxel-Based Morphometry to Examine the Relationship between Regional Brain  Volumes and Memory Performance in Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment.
Determining the Neural Substrate for Encoding a Memory of Human Pain and the Influence of Anxiety.
The invisible hand illusion: multisensory integration leads to the embodiment of  a discrete volume of empty space.
"End or means--the ""what"" and ""how"" of observed intentional actions."
Impact of early deafness and early exposure to sign language on the cerebral organization for motion processing.
Serotonin transporter gene methylation is associated with hippocampal gray matter volume.
Quantitative morphology of the corpus callosum in obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Development of the Visual Word Form Area Requires Visual Experience: Evidence from Blind Braille Readers.
Functional cortical changes of the sensorimotor network are associated with clinical recovery in multiple sclerosis.
A functional magnetic resonance imaging study of visuomotor processing in a virtual reality-based paradigm: Rehabilitation Gaming System.
Differential Aging Trajectories of Modulation of Activation to Cognitive Challenge in APOE epsilon4 Groups: Reduced Modulation Predicts Poorer Cognitive Performance.
Changes in sensory hand representation and pain thresholds induced by motor cortex stimulation in humans.
What does the brain do when you fake it? An FMRI study of pantomimed and real grasping.
Group-regularized individual prediction: theory and application to pain.
Neural correlates of stereotype application.
Perceptuo-motor interactions during prehension movements.
Neural correlates of implicit object identification.
Neural systems underlying British Sign Language and audio-visual English processing in native users.
Neural representations of nouns and verbs in Chinese: an fMRI study.
ASSOCIATION BETWEEN GAB2 HAPLOTYPE AND HIGHER GLUCOSE METABOLISM IN ALZHEIMER'S DISEASE-AFFECTED BRAIN REGIONS IN COGNITIVELY NORMAL APOEε4 CARRIERS
Attention Shifts Recruit the Monkey Default Mode Network.
Crossmodal spatial influences of touch on extrastriate visual areas take current  gaze direction into account.
"Dissociating the cortical basis of memory for voices, words and tones."
Blindness and brain plasticity: contribution of mental imagery? An fMRI study.
Functional mechanisms of probabilistic inference in feature- and space-based attentional systems.
"Cerebral correlates of alerting, orienting and reorienting of visuospatial attention: an event-related fMRI study."
Heschl's gyrification pattern is related to speech-listening hemispheric lateralization: FMRI investigation in 281 healthy volunteers.
Task- and domain-specific modulation of functional connectivity in the ventral and dorsal object-processing pathways.
The neural circuitry of pre-attentive auditory change-detection: an fMRI study of pitch and duration mismatch negativity generators.
A task-invariant cognitive reserve network.
Topology-defined units in numerosity perception.
"Cross-modal integration and plastic changes revealed by lip movement, random-dot  motion and sign languages in the hearing and deaf."
Trigeminal neuropathic pain alters responses in CNS circuits to mechanical (brush) and thermal (cold and heat) stimuli.
ACTIVATION AND EFFECTIVE CONNECTIVITY CHANGES FOLLOWING EXPLICIT MEMORY TRAINING FOR FACE-NAME PAIRS IN PATIENTS WITH MILD COGNITIVE IMPAIRMENT: A PILOT STUDY
Methylphenidate reduces functional connectivity of nucleus accumbens in brain reward circuit.
Neural correlates of emotional processing in depression: Changes with cognitive behavioral therapy and predictors of treatment response
Callosal tracts and patterns of hemispheric dominance: A combined fMRI and DTI study
Dissociation of verbal working memory system components using a delayed serial recall task.
In vivo characterization of the early states of the amyloid-beta network.
REPRODUCIBILITY OF FMRI ACTIVATIONS ASSOCIATED WITH AUDITORY SENTENCE COMPREHENSION
A common neural system is activated in hearing non-signers to process French Sign language and spoken French
"Differential parietal and temporal contributions to music perception in improvising and score-dependent musicians, an fMRI study."
Reward circuitry function in autism during face anticipation and outcomes.
Reading the mind in cartoons and stories: an fMRI study of 'theory of mind' in verbal and nonverbal tasks.
Individual sequence representations in the medial temporal lobe.
Interplay Between Conceptual Expectations and Movement Predictions Underlies Action Understanding.
Age and Gender Related Changes in the Normal Human Brain using Hybrid Diffusion Imaging (HYDI)
"The good, the bad, and the suffering. Transient emotional episodes modulate the neural circuits of pain and empathy."
Subjective cognitive impairment: Functional MRI during a divided attention task
Chinese and Korean characters engage the same visual word form area in proficient early Chinese-Korean bilinguals.
Implicit timing activates the left inferior parietal cortex
Gender differences in the functional neuroanatomy of emotional episodic autobiographical memory.
Functional reorganization of the visual dorsal stream as probed by 3-D visual coherence in Williams syndrome.
Increased biomagnetic activity in healthy elderly with subjective memory complaints
Auditory motion direction encoding in auditory cortex and high-level visual cortex.
Correlation of BOLD Signal with Linear and Nonlinear Patterns of EEG in Resting State EEG-Informed fMRI.
Disrupted functional connectivity density in irritable bowel syndrome patients.
Sex Differences in Cortical Thickness and Their Possible Genetic and Sex Hormonal Underpinnings.
Neural dysfunction during temporal discounting in paediatric Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder and Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder.
Developmental changes in multivariate neuroanatomical patterns that predict risk for psychosis in 22q11.2 deletion syndrome
Processing of multisensory spatial congruency can be dissociated from working memory and visuo-spatial attention.
Medial prefrontal gray matter volume reductions in users of amphetamine-type stimulants revealed by combined tract-based spatial statistics and voxel-based morphometry
Aging Affects Dopaminergic Neural Mechanisms of Cognitive Flexibility.
Cognitive reserve and brain volumes in pediatric acute lymphoblastic leukemia
Cortical sources of the early components of the visual evoked potential.
The structure and connectivity of semantic memory in the healthy older adult brain
Role of olivocerebellar system in timing without awareness.
Model order effects on ICA of resting-state complex-valued fMRI data: Application to schizophrenia.
Dissociable retrosplenial and hippocampal contributions to successful formation of survey representations.
Hippocampal underactivation in an fMRI study of word and face memory recognition  in schizophrenia.
Top-down and bottom-up influences on the left ventral occipito-temporal cortex during visual word recognition: an analysis of effective connectivity.
The Neural Signature of Subliminal Visuomotor Priming: Brain Activity and Functional Connectivity Profiles.
Switching attention and resolving interference: fMRI measures of executive functions.
Stress hormones are associated with the neuronal correlates of instructed fear conditioning.
Cortisol enhances neural differentiation during fear acquisition and extinction in contingency aware young women
Social appraisal in chronic psychosis: Role of medial frontal and occipital networks
Pyramidal tract lesions and movement-associated cortical recruitment in patients  with MS.
Increased functional connectivity between superior colliculus and brain regions implicated in bodily self-consciousness during the rubber hand illusion.
Prismatic adaptation changes visuospatial representation in the inferior parietal lobule.
Magnocellular pathway impairment in schizophrenia: evidence from functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Grit and the brain: spontaneous activity of the dorsomedial prefrontal cortex mediates the relationship between the trait grit and academic performance.
Emotion Processing Influences Working Memory Circuits in Pediatric Bipolar Disorder and Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder
The salience network is responsible for switching between the default mode network and the central executive network: replication from DCM.
Visual presentation of single letters activates a premotor area involved in writing.
Constructing realistic engrams: poststimulus activity of hippocampus and dorsal striatum predicts subsequent episodic memory.
Distinct neural engagement during implicit and explicit regulation of negative stimuli.
Tactile priming modulates the activation of the fronto-parietal circuit during tactile angle match and non-match processing: an fMRI study.
Reappraising the ultimatum: an fMRI study of emotion regulation and decision making.
Instantaneous and Causal Connectivity in Resting State Brain Networks Derived from Functional MRI Data
Brain oscillatory activity during motor imagery in EEG-fMRI coregistration
The fusiform face area is not sufficient for face recognition: evidence from a patient with dense prosopagnosia and no occipital face area.
Individual Differences in Reading Skill Are Related to Trial-by-Trial Neural Activation Variability in the Reading Network.
Modality-specific cognitive function of medial and lateral human Brodmann area 6.
Decoding actions at different levels of abstraction.
The angular gyrus computes action awareness representations.
Physical and perceptual factors shape the neural mechanisms that integrate audiovisual signals in speech comprehension.
Neural mechanisms of smooth pursuit eye movements in schizotypy.
Mapping reflexive shifts of attention in eye-centered and hand-centered coordinate systems.
The default network and processing of personally relevant information: Converging evidence from task-related modulations and functional connectivity
Top-down activation of fusiform cortex without seeing faces in prosopagnosia.
Cortical lateralization during verb generation: a combined ERP and fMRI study.
Top-down controlled visual dimension weighting: an event-related fMRI study.
Physical and motor fitness are both related to cognition in old age.
What Is the Effect of Basic Emotions on Directed Forgetting? Investigating the Role of Basic Emotions in Memory.
From air oscillations to music and speech: functional magnetic resonance imaging  evidence for fine-tuned neural networks in audition.
Neural correlates of dual task interference in rapid visual streams: an fMRI study.
A brain mechanism for facilitation of insight by positive affect.
Altered Basal Ganglia Network Integration in Schizophrenia.
Category Specific Spatial Dissociations of Parallel Processes Underlying Visual Naming.
A Knowledge-Based Arrangement of Prototypical Neural Representation Prior to Experience Contributes to Selectivity in Upcoming Knowledge Acquisition.
Spectral and temporal processing in human auditory cortex.
Adolescent maturation of the relationship between cortical gyrification and cognitive ability.
White matter maturation in visual and motor areas predicts the latency of visual  activation in children.
Idiosyncratic Patterns of Representational Similarity in Prefrontal Cortex Predict Attentional Performance.
Neuroelectromagnetic correlates of perceptual closure processes.
Spatial congruence of neuronavigated transcranial magnetic stimulation and functional neuroimaging.
Neural Correlates of Interference Control in Adolescents with Traumatic Brain Injury: Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study of the Counting Stroop Task
Aberrant neural processing of moral violations in criminal psychopaths
The effects of age on the neural correlates of episodic encoding.
Reward acts on the pFC to enhance distractor resistance of working memory representations.
Influence of periodontal afferent inputs for human cerebral blood oxygenation during jaw movements.
An fMRI Investigation of Preparatory Set in the Human Cerebral Cortex and Superior Colliculus for Pro- and Anti-Saccades.
Interactions between dorsolateral and ventromedial prefrontal cortex underlie context-dependent stimulus valuation in goal-directed choice.
Neural basis of maternal communication and emotional expression processing during infant preverbal stage.
Brain functional connectivity in lung cancer population: an exploratory study.
Individual differences in the anterior insula are associated with the likelihood  of financially helping versus harming others.
Is the extrastriate body area (EBA) sensitive to the perception of pain in others?
Neural response to emotional stimuli during experimental human endotoxemia.
Specific and nonspecific thalamocortical functional connectivity in normal and vegetative states
Parietal regions processing visual 3D shape extracted from disparity.
Emotion perception and executive control interact in the salience network during  emotionally charged working memory processing.
Prolonged high-altitude residence impacts verbal working memory: an fMRI study.
Analysis of intersubject variability in activation: an application to the incidental episodic retrieval during recognition test.
Face processing changes in normal aging revealed by fMRI adaptation.
Remembrance of things touched: how sensorimotor experience affects the neural instantiation of object form.
Common and distinct neural substrates of attentional control in an integrated Simon and spatial Stroop task as assessed by event-related fMRI.
Reducing future fears by suppressing the brain mechanisms underlying episodic simulation.
Unmyelinated tactile afferents have opposite effects on insular and somatosensory cortical processing.
Neuronal encoding of human kinematic invariants during action observation.
An fMRI study of canonical and noncanonical word order in German.
The orbitofrontal cortex and its role in the assignment of behavioural significance.
Domain-specific retrieval of source information in the medial temporal lobe.
The structural integrity of an amygdala-prefrontal pathway predicts trait anxiety.
Seeing biological actions in 3D: An fMRI study.
Youth with substance abuse histories exhibit dysfunctional representation of expected value during a passive avoidance task.
Spatial patterns of intrinsic brain activity in mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer's disease: a resting-state functional MRI study.
Contrasting variability patterns in the default mode and sensorimotor networks balance in bipolar depression and mania.
Functional connectivity in the resting-state motor networks influences the kinematic processes during motor sequence learning.
Escitalopram Decreases Cross-Regional Functional Connectivity within the Default-Mode Network.
Neurobiology of placebo effects: expectations or learning?
A low cost fMRI-compatible tracking system using the Nintendo Wii remote.
An MEG investigation of the neural mechanisms subserving complex visuomotor coordination
Nicotine increases anterior insula activation to expected and unexpected outcomes among nonsmokers.
Functional neuroimaging of emotionally intense autobiographical memories in post-traumatic stress disorder
An fMRI comparison of neural activity associated with recognition of familiar melodies in younger and older adults.
In search of the hidden: an fMRI study with implications for the study of patients with autism and with acquired brain injury.
Aging and inhibitory control of action: cortico-subthalamic connection strength predicts stopping performance.
Contralateral coding of imagined body parts in the superior parietal lobe.
Physiological dysfunction of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in schizophrenia  revisited.
A systematic review of associations between functional MRI activity and polygenic risk for schizophrenia and bipolar disorder.
Neural correlates of rumination in depression
Effects of domain-specific interference on brain activation associated with verbal working memory task performance.
Effects of trauma-related cues on pain processing in posttraumatic stress disorder: an fMRI investigation
"Distinction between Externally vs. Internally Guided Decision-Making: Operational Differences, Meta-Analytical Comparisons and Their Theoretical Implications."
Working memory load improves early stages of independent visual processing
A Pharmacological Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study Probing the Interface of Cognitive and Emotional Brain Systems in Pediatric Bipolar Disorder
Brain processing of visual sexual stimuli in healthy men: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
The Caudate Nucleus Mediates Learning of Stimulus-Control State Associations.
Interoceptive awareness enhances neural activity during empathy.
Where sound position influences sound object representations: A 7-T fMRI study
Identifying human parieto-insular vestibular cortex using fMRI and cytoarchitectonic mapping.
Young adults born preterm with very low birth weight demonstrate widespread white matter alterations on brain DTI
Neuropsychological evidence for a strategic control of multiple routes in imitation.
Prior Information biases stimulus representations during vibrotactile decision making.
Neural correlates of interindividual differences in the subjective experience of  pain.
Hebrew brain vs. English brain: Language modulates the way it is processed
Cortical and subcortical vestibular response to caloric stimulation detected by functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Fusion analysis of functional MRI data for classification of individuals based on patterns of activation.
Frequency-dependent functional neuromodulatory effects on the motor network by ventral lateral thalamic deep brain stimulation in swine.
Frontoparietal cortical activity of methamphetamine-dependent and comparison subjects performing a delay discounting task.
Chewing-induced regional brain activity in edentulous patients who received mandibular implant-supported overdentures: A preliminary report
Emotional perception: Meta-analyses of face and natural scene processing
Cerebellar hyperactivity during smooth pursuit eye movements in bipolar disorder
Posterior cingulate cortex activation by emotional words: fMRI evidence from a valence decision task.
A neural mass model of interconnected regions simulates rhythm propagation observed via TMS-EEG.
A primary study of diffusion tensor imaging-based histogram analysis in vascular cognitive impairment with no dementia
Dissociation between unconscious motor response facilitation and conflict in medial frontal areas.
The relationship between level of processing and hippocampal-cortical functional  connectivity during episodic memory formation in humans.
Testing perceptual limits of functional units: Are there “automatic” tendencies to associate tools and objects?
Microstructural changes across different clinical milestones of disease in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Structural and functional underconnectivity as a negative predictor for language  in autism.
Default mode network coherence in treatment-resistant major depressive disorder during electroconvulsive therapy.
Corticostriatal functional connectivity in non-medicated patients with obsessive-compulsive disorder
Addressing a Paradox: Dual Strategies for Creative Performance in Introspective and Extrospective Networks.
Modality-independent involvement of the left BA 44 during lexical decision making.
Interleaved practice enhances skill learning and the functional connectivity of fronto-parietal networks.
Bilateral parietal cortex function during motor imagery.
Preserved high-centrality hubs but efficient network reorganization during eyes-open state compared with eyes-closed resting state: an MEG study.
Task-irrelevant fear enhances amygdala-FFG inhibition and decreases subsequent face processing.
Induced Unilateral Vocal Fold Paralysis and Recovery Rapidly Modulate Brain Areas Related to Phonatory Behavior: A Case Study
Hierarchical processing in spoken language comprehension.
An amygdala response to fearful faces with covered eyes.
Altered monetary loss processing and reinforcement-based learning in individuals  with obesity.
Balance Training Reduces Brain Activity during Motor Simulation of a Challenging  Balance Task in Older Adults: An fMRI Study.
Neural Correlates of Affect Processing and Aggression in Methamphetamine Dependence
Comparing segmentation by time and by motion in visual search: an FMRI investigation.
The functional anatomy of sleep-dependent visual skill learning.
Contextual novelty changes reward representations in the striatum.
Attention to single letters activates left extrastriate cortex.
fMRI evidence that the neural basis of response inhibition is task-dependent.
The influence of prior expectations on emotional face perception in adolescence.
Integration of target and effector information in the human brain during reach planning.
Baseline Brain Activity Changes in Patients With Single and Relapsing Optic Neuritis.
Frontal and parietal lobe activation during transitive inference in humans.
Menstrual cycle effects on amygdala reactivity to emotional stimulation in premenstrual dysphoric disorder.
Feelings of warmth correlate with neural activity in right anterior insular cortex.
Grasping language – A short story on embodiment
Selective Attentional Enhancement and Inhibition of Fronto-Posterior Connectivity by the Basal Ganglia During Attention Switching.
Prefrontal cortex contribution to associative recognition memory in humans: an event-related functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Influence of age on the dynamics of fMRI activations during a semantic fluency task
A touching sight: SII/PV activation during the observation and experience of touch.
The functional neuroanatomy of metrical stress evaluation of perceived and imagined spoken words.
Why Social Pain Can Live on: Different Neural Mechanisms Are Associated with Reliving Social and Physical Pain.
The BDNF Val(66)Met polymorphism is associated with structural neuroanatomical differences in young children.
Selective rotation of egocentric spatial representation following right putaminal hemorrhage.
"The centre of the brain: topographical model of motor, cognitive, affective, and  somatosensory functions of the basal ganglia."
Multiple resting state network functional connectivity abnormalities in mild traumatic brain injury.
Detection of fMRI activation using cortical surface mapping.
Brain motor system function in a patient with complete spinal cord injury following extensive brain-computer interface training.
Neuroticism is associated with altered resting-state functional connectivity of amygdala following acute stress exposure.
Maturation of obligatory auditory responses and their neural sources: Evidence from EEG and MEG
Functional brain activation during arithmetic processing in females with fragile  X Syndrome is related to FMR1 protein expression.
Dissociated neural effects of cortisol depending on threat escapability.
Ketamine effects on brain function — Simultaneous fMRI/EEG during a visual oddball task
Beyond sensory images: Object-based representation in the human ventral pathway.
Dynamic changes of ICA-derived EEG functional connectivity in the resting state.
"Is left fronto-temporal connectivity essential for syntax? Effective connectivity, tractography and performance in left-hemisphere damaged patients"
Orienting attention in time: behavioural and neuroanatomical distinction between  exogenous and endogenous shifts.
Sex differences in the functional connectivity of the amygdalae in association with cortisol.
Saliency Processing and Obesity: A Preliminary Imaging Study of the Stop Signal Task
The functional integration of the anterior cingulate cortex during conflict processing.
Catching falling objects: the role of the cerebellum in processing sensory–motor errors that may influence updating of feedforward commands. An fMRI study
Human Exploration of Enclosed Spaces through Echolocation.
Why clowns taste funny: the relationship between humor and semantic ambiguity.
Identifying the cortical substrates of interictal epileptiform activity in patients with extratemporal epilepsy: An EEG-fMRI sequential analysis and FDG-PET study.
Structural-functional correlations between hippocampal volume and cortico-limbic  emotional responses in depressed children.
Local Activity Determines Functional Connectivity in the Resting Human Brain: A Simultaneous FDG-PET/fMRI Study.
Neural correlates of change detection and change blindness in a working memory task.
Causal interactions in attention networks predict behavioral performance.
Spatial attention: more than intrinsic alerting?
Transfer of interfered motor patterns to self from others.
Bending the rules: strategic behavioral differences are reflected in the brain.
Normalization of aberrant resting state functional connectivity in fibromyalgia patients following a three month physical exercise therapy.
Enhanced reward sensitivity and decreased loss sensitivity in Internet addicts: An fMRI study during a guessing task
Hippocampal-Cerebellar Interaction During Spatio-Temporal Prediction.
The role of the superior temporal sulcus and the mirror neuron system in imitation.
Threat prompts defensive brain responses independently of attentional control.
Amygdala and ventromedial prefrontal cortex are inversely coupled during regulation of negative affect and predict the diurnal pattern of cortisol secretion among older adults.
Electrophysiological studies of human face perception. I: Potentials generated in occipitotemporal cortex by face and non-face stimuli.
Prefrontal cortex lesions impair object-spatial integration.
FMRI correlates of visuo-spatial reorienting investigated with an attention shifting double-cue paradigm.
Alike performance during nonverbal episodic learning from diversely imprinted neural networks.
Structural correlates of semantic and phonemic fluency ability in first and second languages.
Using Spatial Multiple Regression to Identify Intrinsic Connectivity Networks Involved in Working Memory Performance
The neural correlates of internal and external comparisons: an fMRI study.
Neural decoding of goal locations in spatial navigation in humans with fMRI.
Brain areas engaged during visual judgments by involuntary access to novel semantic information.
"Flexible, capacity-limited activity of posterior parietal cortex in perceptual as well as visual short-term memory tasks."
First Steps in Using Multi-Voxel Pattern Analysis to Disentangle Neural Processes Underlying Generalization of Spider Fear.
Evaluating the spatial relationship of event-related potential and functional MRI sources in the primary visual cortex.
Insulin is differentially related to cognitive decline and atrophy in Alzheimer's disease and aging
Neural correlates of conventional and harm/welfare-based moral decision-making.
Weak but Critical Links between Primary Somatosensory Centers and Motor Cortex during Movement.
"The development of emotion regulation: an fMRI study of cognitive reappraisal in  children, adolescents and young adults."
Chemosensory danger detection in the human brain: Body odor communicating aggression modulates limbic system activation.
Magnetic vestibular stimulation modulates default mode network fluctuations.
Where one hand meets the other: limb-specific and action-dependent movement plans decoded from preparatory signals in single human frontoparietal brain areas.
The Dual-Loop Model and the Human Mirror Neuron System: an Exploratory Combined fMRI and DTI Study of the Inferior Frontal Gyrus.
Fear is only as deep as the mind allows
Where is ELSA? The early to late shift in aging.
Group-level variations in motor representation areas of thenar and anterior tibial muscles: Navigated Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation Study.
A procedure for identifying regions preferentially activated by attention to semantic and phonological relations using functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Retrieval from episodic memory: neural mechanisms of interference resolution.
Cognitive and neural strategies during control of the anterior cingulate cortex by fMRI neurofeedback in patients with schizophrenia.
The Neurocognitive Cost of Enhancing Cognition with Methylphenidate: Improved Distractor Resistance but Impaired Updating.
Aberrant emotional processing in posterior cortical midline structures in bipolar II depression
Lasting impact of regret and gratification on resting brain activity and its relation to depressive traits.
Striatal dopaminergic dysfunction at rest and during task performance in writer's cramp.
Source-based morphometry of gray matter volume in men with first-episode schizophrenia.
The neural substrates of script knowledge deficits as revealed by a PET study in Huntington's disease
Motor practice promotes increased activity in brain regions structurally disconnected after subcortical stroke
Neural correlates of evaluating hazards of high risk
Oxytocin effects on self-referential processing: behavioral and neuroimaging evidence.
Stress-induced activation of the HPA axis predicts connectivity between subgenual cingulate and salience network during rest in adolescents
Using functional magnetic resonance imaging to assess adaptation and size invariance of shape processing by humans and monkeys.
Rapid formation of pragmatic rule representations in the human brain during instruction-based learning.
Neural development of selective attention and response inhibition.
Effects of Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation on Neural Networks in Young and Older Adults
"The mirror-neuron system and handedness: a ""right"" world?"
A method for multi-group inter-participant correlation: abnormal synchrony in patients with schizophrenia during auditory target detection.
Disruption of structural covariance networks for language in autism is modulated  by verbal ability.
Normal sexual dimorphism of the adult human brain assessed by in vivo magnetic resonance imaging.
Cortical thickness and trait empathy in patients and people at high risk for alcohol use disorders.
Consequences of hippocampal damage across the autobiographical memory network in  left temporal lobe epilepsy.
Multisensory interactions between auditory and haptic object recognition.
Developmental cortical thinning in fetal alcohol spectrum disorders
Corticocortical connections mediate primary visual cortex responses to auditory stimulation in the blind.
Neural representation of a rhythm depends on its interval ratio.
The human amygdala and pain: evidence from neuroimaging.
Hemispheric specialization for processing auditory nonspeech stimuli.
Functional Correlates of the Antero-Lateral Processing Hierarchy in Human Auditory Cortex
How does the brain mediate interpretation of incongruent auditory emotions? The neural response to prosody in the presence of conflicting lexico-semantic cues.
Involvement of the thalamocortical loop in the spontaneous switching of percepts  in auditory streaming.
Correlated functional changes of the prefrontal cortex in twins induced by classroom education of second language.
Modeling a negative response bias in the human amygdala by noradrenergic-glucocorticoid interactions.
The Neural Development of 'Us and Them'.
The processing of three-dimensional shape from disparity in the human brain.
Attenuated frontal activation in schizophrenia may be task dependent.
Neural basis of semantic priming in schizophrenia during a lexical decision task: A magneto-encephalography study
The correlation between white-matter microstructure and the complexity of spontaneous brain activity: A difussion tensor imaging-MEG study
Neural encoding of sound duration persists in older adults.
Modulation of fusiform cortex activity by cholinesterase inhibition predicts effects on subsequent memory.
Winning is not enough: ventral striatum connectivity during physical aggression.
Attentional Bias to Food Images Associated With Elevated Weight and Future Weight Gain: An fMRI Study
Functional overlap of top-down emotion regulation and generation: an fMRI study identifying common neural substrates between cognitive reappraisal and cognitively generated emotions.
Neural Mechanisms of Updating under Reducible and Irreducible Uncertainty.
An anatomical account of somatoparaphrenia
Cortical activity during rotational and linear transformations.
Power estimation predicts specific function action of acupuncture: an fMRI study
Efficiency of go/no-go task performance implemented in the left hemisphere.
The functional neuroanatomy of human working memory revisited. Evidence from 3-T  fMRI studies using classical domain-specific interference tasks.
Cortical fMRI activation produced by attentive tracking of moving targets.
Brain alterations in low-frequency fluctuations across multiple bands in obsessive compulsive disorder.
Clinical symptoms and alpha band resting-state functional connectivity imaging in patients with schizophrenia: implications for novel approaches to treatment
Reexamining the evidence for a pitch-sensitive region: a human fMRI study using iterated ripple noise.
Neural interaction between logical reasoning and pragmatic processing in narrative discourse.
Resting state synchrony in long-term abstinent alcoholics with versus without comorbid drug dependence.
Altered regional synchronization in epileptic patients with generalized tonic–clonic seizures
Differences in functional activity between boys with pure oppositional defiant disorder and controls during a response inhibition task: a preliminary study.
May Functional Imaging be Helpful for Behavioral Assessment in Children? Regions  of Motor and Associative Cortico-Subcortical Circuits Can be Differentiated by Laterality and Rostrality.
Neural correlates of motor dysfunction in children with traumatic brain injury: exploration of compensatory recruitment patterns.
Functional neural correlates of reduced physiological falls risk
Network Connectivity and Individual Responses to Brain Stimulation in the Human Motor System.
Functional magnetic resonance imaging during auditory verbal working memory in nonpsychotic relatives of persons with schizophrenia: a pilot study.
Brain network of semantic integration in sentence reading: insights from independent component analysis and graph theoretical analysis.
Neurophysiological Effects of Trait Empathy in Music Listening.
The effect of word imagery on priming effect under a preconscious condition: An fMRI study.
Lasting effects of chronic fluoxetine treatment on the late developing rat brain: Age-dependent changes in the serotonergic neurotransmitter system assessed by pharmacological MRI
Morphometric gray matter differences of the medial frontal cortex influence the Social Simon Effect.
Separate neural correlates for the mnemonic components of successive discrimination and working memory tasks.
Neural Mechanisms Underlying Conscious and Unconscious Gaze-Triggered Attentional Orienting in Autism Spectrum Disorder.
Effects of oxytocin and vasopressin on the neural response to unreciprocated cooperation within brain regions involved in stress and anxiety in men and women.
Dissociable brain mechanisms for inhibitory control: effects of interference content and working memory capacity.
Diurnal variation in regional brain glucose metabolism in depression.
Cortical motor reorganization after a single clinical attack of multiple sclerosis.
Serotonin transporter genotype modulates amygdala activity during mood regulation.
The somatotopic organization of cytoarchitectonic areas on the human parietal operculum.
"Left, but not right, rostrolateral prefrontal cortex meets a stringent test of the relational integration hypothesis."
Prediction of individual differences in risky behavior in young adults via variations in local brain structure.
"Recency, repetition, and the multidimensional basis of recognition memory."
fMRI identifies the right inferior frontal cortex as the brain region where time  interval processing is altered by negative emotional arousal.
Sleep deprivation is associated with attenuated parametric valuation and control  signals in the midbrain during value-based decision making.
Implicit attitudes and executive control interact to regulate interest in extra-pair relationships.
Increased neural activity during overt and continuous semantic verbal fluency in  major depression: mainly a failure to deactivate.
Predicting and memorizing observed action: differential premotor cortex involvement.
Distributed and opposing effects of incidental learning in the human brain.
Content- and task-specific dissociations of frontal activity during maintenance and manipulation in visual working memory.
Conditional associative memory for musical stimuli in nonmusicians: implications  for absolute pitch.
Comparison of cerebral activation involved in oral and manual stereognosis
Working Memory Training Using Mental Calculation Impacts Regional Gray Matter of the Frontal and Parietal Regions
Neural correlates of coherent and biological motion perception in autism
Neural correlates of rumination in adolescents with remitted major depressive disorder and healthy controls.
A preliminary study of longitudinal neuroadaptation associated with recovery from addiction.
Laterality Patterns of Brain Functional Connectivity: Gender Effects
Altered segregation between task-positive and task-negative regions in mild traumatic brain injury.
Dissociating pathomechanisms of depression with fMRI: bottom-up or top-down dysfunctions of the reward system.
Different neuronal networks are associated with spikes and slow activity in hypsarrhythmia.
Multiple brain networks for visual self-recognition with different sensitivity for motion and body part.
Dipole source localization and fMRI of simultaneously recorded data applied to somatosensory categorization.
Attentional load and sensory competition in human vision: modulation of fMRI responses by load at fixation during task-irrelevant stimulation in the peripheral visual field.
Gender differences in brain activation during encoding and recognition of male and female faces.
Increased Visual Stimulation Systematically Decreases Activity in Lateral Intermediate Cortex.
Functional neuroimaging of acute oculomotor deficits in concussed athletes.
Histological Underpinnings of Grey Matter Changes in Fibromyalgia Investigated Using Multimodal Brain Imaging.
The role of dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in the preparation of forthcoming actions: an fMRI study.
Domain-specific distribution of working memory processes along human prefrontal and parietal cortices: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Brain functional network abnormality extends beyond the sensorimotor network in brachial plexus injury patients.
Ex vivo T2 relaxation: associations with age-related neuropathology and cognition.
Intrinsic limbic and paralimbic networks are associated with criminal psychopathy.
The Effect of Neurogranin on Neural Correlates of Episodic Memory Encoding and Retrieval
Environmental knowledge is subserved by separable dorsal/ventral neural areas.
Impacts of PICALM and CLU variants associated with Alzheimer's disease on the functional connectivity of the hippocampus in healthy young adults.
Executive functions and neurocognitive aging: dissociable patterns of brain activity
Genetic variation in the schizophrenia-risk gene neuregulin 1 correlates with brain activation and impaired speech production in a verbal fluency task in healthy individuals.
Tracking Cognitive Fluctuations with Multivoxel Pattern Time Course (MVPTC) Analysis
Developmental Trajectories for Visuo-Spatial Attention are Altered by Prenatal Alcohol Exposure: A Longitudinal FMRI Study.
Impact of chronic hypercortisolemia on affective processing
Predicting the knowledge-recklessness distinction in the human brain.
Voxel-based relaxometry: a new approach for analysis of T2 relaxometry changes in epilepsy.
Orienting attention in time activates left intraparietal sulcus for both perceptual and motor task goals.
Neural Evidence for Adaptive Strategy Selection in Value-Based Decision-Making.
Investigating emotion with music: an fMRI study.
Mindfulness-based training attenuates insula response to an aversive interoceptive challenge.
The structural brain correlates of neurological soft signs in healthy individuals.
Cortical sources of resting state EEG rhythms are abnormal in dyslexic children.
Functional MRI of the immediate impact of transcranial magnetic stimulation on cortical and subcortical motor circuits.
"Neural correlates of motion processing through echolocation, source hearing, and  vision in blind echolocation experts and sighted echolocation novices."
The role of chunk tightness and chunk familiarity in problem solving: evidence from ERPs and fMRI.
Humor modulates the mesolimbic reward centers.
Effects of prospective thinking on intertemporal choice: The role of familiarity.
Neural correlates of social approach and withdrawal in patients with major depression
Decomposing metaphor processing at the cognitive and neural level through functional magnetic resonance imaging
Decoding brain states using backward edge elimination and graph kernels in fMRI connectivity networks.
Exploration of the relationships between regional grey matter atrophy and cognition in multiple sclerosis.
The Neural Association between Tendency to Forgive and Spontaneous Brain Activity in Healthy Young Adults.
Stimulus Complexity and Categorical Effects in Human Auditory Cortex: An Activation Likelihood Estimation Meta-Analysis
Resting quantitative cerebral blood flow in schizophrenia measured by pulsed arterial spin labeling perfusion MRI
Altered Gray Matter Structural Covariance Networks in Early Stages of Alzheimer's Disease.
The BOLD onset transient: identification of novel functional differences in schizophrenia.
Action simulation and mirroring in children with autism spectrum disorders.
Disrupted functional connectivity patterns of the insula subregions in drug-free  major depressive disorder.
The role of medial temporal lobe structures in implicit learning: an event-related FMRI study.
Comparing the brain areas supporting nondeclarative categorization and recognition memory.
Plasticity of the human motor system following muscle reconstruction: a magnetic  stimulation and functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Relationship between aberrant brain connectivity and clinical features in Angelman Syndrome: a new method using tract based spatial statistics of DTI color-coded orientation maps
Cognitive rehabilitation correlates with the functional connectivity of the anterior cingulate cortex in patients with multiple sclerosis.
Dissociation of attention and intention in human posterior parietal cortex: an fMRI study.
Modeling of the neurovascular coupling in epileptic discharges.
Inhibition-related activation in the right inferior frontal gyrus in the absence  of inhibitory cues.
Precuneus degeneration and isolated apathy in patients with Parkinson's disease.
Abnormal face identity coding in the middle fusiform gyrus of two brain-damaged prosopagnosic patients.
The impact of gradient strength on in vivo diffusion MRI estimates of axon diameter.
Prefrontal-parietal effective connectivity during working memory in older adults.
Auditory skills and brain morphology predict individual differences in adaptation to degraded speech.
Validation of SOBI components from high-density EEG.
Adolescent Gender Differences in Cognitive Control Performance and Functional Connectivity Between Default Mode and Fronto-Parietal Networks Within a Self-Referential Context.
Parcellation in Left Lateral Parietal Cortex Is Similar in Adults and Children
Visual symptom provocation in skin picking disorder: an fMRI study.
Neural correlates of the interaction between transient and sustained processes: a mixed blocked/event-related fMRI study.
Functional dissociation between anterior and posterior temporal cortical regions  during retrieval of remote memory.
Exploring the reproducibility of functional connectivity alterations in Parkinson's disease.
A behavioural and functional neuroimaging investigation into the effects of nicotine on sensorimotor gating in healthy subjects and persons with schizophrenia.
Structural and functional MRI correlates of Stroop control in benign MS.
Dissociating neural variability related to stimulus quality and response times in perceptual decision-making.
Functional magnetic resonance imaging study of Piaget’s conservation-of-number task in preschool and school-age children: A neo-Piagetian approach
Current Serum Lipoprotein Levels and fMRI Response to Working Memory in Midlife
Dissociating frontotemporal contributions to semantic ambiguity resolution in spoken sentences.
The neural basis of response inhibition and attention allocation as mediated by gestational age.
Neural enhancement and attenuation induced by repetitive recall
Mapping the genetic variation of executive attention onto brain activity.
Prefrontal cortex activity is reduced in gambling and nongambling substance users during decision-making.
Mine and me: exploring the neural basis of object ownership.
Phonological processing in speech perception: What do sonority differences tell us?
Two brain pathways for attended and ignored words.
Neural correlates of different types of deception: an fMRI investigation.
An fMRI study of whispering: The role of human evolution in psychological dysphonia
The neural substrates associated with inattentional blindness
Meta-analysis of Go/No-go tasks demonstrating that fMRI activation associated with response inhibition is task-dependent.
Brain activation predicts treatment improvement in patients with major depressive disorder
Medial temporal lobe activity at recognition increases with the duration of mnemonic delay during an object working memory task.
Neural mechanisms of goal-directed behavior: outcome-based response selection is  associated with increased functional coupling of the angular gyrus.
Structural brain changes in tinnitus: grey matter decrease in auditory and non-auditory brain areas.
Reduced functional connectivity of fronto-parietal sustained attention networks in severe childhood abuse.
Time course of superior temporal sulcus activity in response to eye gaze: a combined fMRI and MEG study.
Two forms of touch perception in the human brain.
Abnormal amygdala connectivity in patients with primary insomnia: Evidence from resting state fMRI
Resting-State Brain Abnormalities in Chronic Subjective Tinnitus: A Meta-Analysis.
Toward an affective neuroscience account of financial risk taking.
Learning to tie the knot: The acquisition of functional object representations by physical and observational experience.
Spatio-temporal dynamics of brain mechanisms in aversive classical conditioning:  high-density event-related potential and brain electrical tomography analyses.
The neural network for face recognition: Insights from an fMRI study on developmental prosopagnosia.
Group-level impacts of within- and between-subject hemodynamic variability in fMRI.
The influence of syllable onset complexity and syllable frequency on speech motor control.
Amygdala and insular responses to emotionally valenced human faces in small animal specific phobia.
Right supramarginal gyrus is crucial to overcome emotional egocentricity bias in  social judgments.
Aberrant baseline brain activity in psychogenic erectile dysfunction patients: a  resting state fMRI study.
Associations of sex steroid hormones with cerebral activations during mental rotation in men and women with schizophrenia
Fear processing is differentially affected by lateralized stimulation of carotid  baroreceptors.
Effect of MAOA Genotype on Resting-State Networks in Healthy Participants.
Functional bold MRI: advantages of the 3 T vs. the 1.5 T
The effect of musical experience on hemispheric lateralization in musical feature processing
Role of features and categories in the organization of object knowledge: Evidence from adaptation fMRI.
Functional connectivity and neuronal variability of resting state activity in bipolar disorder-reduction and decoupling in anterior cortical midline structures.
Magnetic resonance study of the influence of tissue damage and cortical reorganization on PASAT performance at the earliest stage of multiple sclerosis.
Abnormalities of regional homogeneity and its correlation with clinical symptoms  in Naive patients with first-episode schizophrenia.
Acute tryptophan depletion promotes an anterior-to-posterior fMRI activation shift during task switching in older adults.
Predictors of coupling between structural and functional cortical networks in normal aging.
Cerebral blood flow and its connectivity features of auditory verbal hallucinations in schizophrenia: A perfusion study.
Abnormal activation of the motor cortical network in idiopathic scoliosis demonstrated by functional MRI
Interval and ordinal properties of sequences are associated with distinct premotor areas.
Modulatory effects of levodopa on cognitive control in young but not in older subjects: a pharmacological fMRI study.
The case of pretense: observing actions and inferring goals.
The neural basis of event-time introspection
Segmentally arranged somatotopy within the face representation of human primary somatosensory cortex.
A role for the motor system in binding abstract emotional meaning.
"A method for using blocked and event-related fMRI data to study ""resting state"" functional connectivity."
Aberrant default mode network homogeneity in patients with first-episode treatment-naive melancholic depression.
Brain correlates of hypnotic paralysis—a resting-state fMRI study
"An fMRI study of obesity, food reward, and perceived caloric density. Does a low-fat label make food less appealing?"
Altered emotional interference processing in affective and cognitive-control brain circuitry in major depression.
Distinct mechanisms for processing spatial sequences and pitch sequences in the human auditory brain.
The effect of motor familiarity during simple finger opposition tasks.
"Knowledge supports memory retrieval through familiarity, not recollection."
A stimulus-driven approach to object identity and location processing in the human brain.
Neuromagnetic correlates of visual motion coherence.
Neural correlates of the reverse Simon effect in the Hedge and Marsh task.
"Emotion Effects on Attention, Amygdala Activation, and Functional Connectivity in Schizophrenia"
Sex Differences in the Neural Correlates of Autonomic Arousal: A Pilot PET Study
Cognitive strategies dependent on the hippocampus and caudate nucleus in human navigation: variability and change with practice.
Neural correlates of state- and strength-based perception.
Relation between brain activation and lexical performance.
Modulation of Auditory and Visual Processing by Delta-9-Tetrahydrocannabinol and Cannabidiol: an fMRI Study
The influence of emotional distraction on verbal working memory: An fMRI investigation comparing individuals with schizophrenia and healthy adults
Acute effects of single-dose aripiprazole and haloperidol on resting cerebral blood flow (rCBF) in the human brain.
Awareness of muscular force during movement production: an fMRI study.
Progressive and regressive developmental changes in neural substrates for face processing: Testing specific predictions of the Interactive Specialization account
The effects of bilateral hippocampal damage on fMRI regional activations and interactions during memory retrieval.
Temporally remote destabilization of prediction after rare breaches of expectancy.
Predicting conceptual processing capacity from spontaneous neuronal activity of the left middle temporal gyrus.
Functional anatomy of pursuit eye movements in humans as revealed by fMRI.
Ventromedial-frontopolar prefrontal cortex atrophy correlates with insight loss in frontotemporal dementia and Alzheimer's disease.
Modular Organization of Functional Network Connectivity in Healthy Controls and Patients with Schizophrenia during the Resting State.
Bilateral parietal activations for complex visual-spatial functions: Evidence from a visual-spatial construction task.
Attention to form or surface properties modulates different regions of human occipitotemporal cortex.
Domain General and Domain Preferential Brain Regions Associated with Different Types of Task Switching: A Meta-Analysis
On the recall of vestibular sensations.
Understanding dissociations in dyscalculia: a brain imaging study of the impact of number size on the cerebral networks for exact and approximate calculation.
Left Superior Temporal Gyrus Is Coupled to Attended Speech in a Cocktail-Party Auditory Scene.
Aging into Perceptual Control: A Dynamic Causal Modeling for fMRI Study of Bistable Perception.
Neural correlates of aversive conditioning: development of a functional imaging paradigm for the investigation of anxiety disorders.
Diffusion Tensor Imaging in Preclinical Huntington’s Disease
5-HTTLPR differentially predicts brain network responses to emotional faces.
Objects automatically potentiate action: an fMRI study of implicit processing.
Fasting biases brain reward systems towards high-calorie foods.
Functional magnetic resonance adaptation reveals the involvement of the dorsomedial stream in hand orientation for grasping.
Associative memory encoding and recognition in schizophrenia: an event-related fMRI study.
Spatial attention and crossmodal interactions between vision and touch.
Hippocampal Contribution to Context Encoding across Development Is Disrupted following Early-Life Adversity.
A stereotactic method for image-guided transcranial magnetic stimulation validated with fMRI and motor-evoked potentials.
Longitudinal Changes of Resting-State Functional Connectivity during Motor Recovery after Stroke
Neurodevelopmental disruption in early-onset temporal lobe epilepsy: Evidence from a voxel-based morphometry study
Distributed representations of rule identity and rule order in human frontal cortex and striatum.
Representations of facial identity in the left hemisphere require right hemisphere processing.
Neural correlates for naming disadvantage of the dominant language in bilingual word production.
Rule learning in a serial reaction time task: an fMRI study on patients with early Parkinson's disease.
Neural correlates of irony comprehension: the role of schizotypal personality traits.
Relationship between task-related gamma oscillations and BOLD signal: new insights from combined fMRI and intracranial EEG.
Incidental regulation of attraction: The neural basis of the derogation of attractive alternatives in romantic relationships
Neural correlates of encoding space from route and survey perspectives.
Toward a functional neuroanatomy of dysthymia: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Altered brain tissue composition in heavy marijuana users.
Gender Differences in Brain Functional Connectivity Density
The effect of dopamine therapy on ventral and dorsal striatum-mediated cognition  in Parkinson's disease: support from functional MRI.
The role of the amygdala in atypical gaze on emotional faces in autism spectrum disorders.
Automaticity of phonological and semantic processing during visual word recognition.
The dopamine transporter haplotype and reward-related striatal responses in adult ADHD.
"Differential effects of DAAO on regional activation and functional connectivity in schizophrenia, bipolar disorder and controls"
Right lateral fusiform gyrus dysfunction during facial information processing in  schizophrenia.
Maternal age affects brain metabolism in adult children of mothers affected by Alzheimer’s disease
Brain Regions Related to Impulsivity Mediate the Effects of Early Adversity on Antisocial Behavior.
"Putting an ""end"" to the motor cortex representations of action words."
Repetition suppression in auditory-motor regions to pitch and temporal structure  in music.
Fusiform gyrus face selectivity relates to individual differences in facial recognition ability.
Frontal lobe functioning during a simple response conflict task in first-episode  psychosis and its relationship to treatment response.
Engagement of the prefrontal cortex in representational momentum: an fMRI study.
Wisconsin Card Sorting revisited: distinct neural circuits participating in different stages of the task identified by event-related functional magnetic resonance imaging.
A new window to understanding individual differences in reward sensitivity from attentional networks.
Conceptual size representation in ventral visual cortex.
Segregation of the human basal forebrain using resting state functional MRI.
Mapping connectivity damage in the case of Phineas Gage.
Preliminary evidence for differential olfactory and trigeminal processing in combat veterans with and without PTSD.
Increased inferior frontal activation during word generation: a marker of genetic risk for schizophrenia but not bipolar disorder?
Cholinergic stimulation enhances neural activity associated with encoding but reduces neural activity associated with retrieval in humans.
Association between flashbacks and structural brain abnormalities in posttraumatic stress disorder
Neurobiological correlates of impulsivity in healthy adults: Lower prefrontal gray matter volume and spontaneous eye-blink rate but greater resting-state functional connectivity in basal ganglia-thala
Physiological correlates of subjective time: Evidence for the temporal accumulator hypothesis
"The relationship between fearfulness, GABA+, and fear-related BOLD responses in the insula."
Irony comprehension: social conceptual knowledge and emotional response.
The association between gray matter volume and reading proficiency: a longitudinal study of beginning readers.
Amplification of local changes along the timescale processing hierarchy.
Structural brain aging and speech production: a surface-based brain morphometry study.
Love-related changes in the brain: a resting-state functional magnetic resonance  imaging study.
Prospective memory and mesial temporal epilepsy associated with hippocampal sclerosis.
Expected value and prediction error abnormalities in depression and schizophrenia.
Dissociation of BOLD responses to reward prediction errors and reward receipt by  a model comparison.
Functional reorganization of brain in children affected with congenital hemiplegia: fMRI study.
Emotional self-reference: brain structures involved in the processing of words describing one's own emotions.
tDCS modulates cortical nociceptive processing but has little to no impact on pain perception.
Gray matter volume deficits in spinocerebellar ataxia: An optimized voxel based morphometric study
The neural correlates of object familiarity and domain specificity in the human visual cortex: an FMRI study.
Dissociating neural correlates of action monitoring and metacognition of agency.
Time course of odorant- and trigeminal-induced activation in the human brain: an event-related functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Neural integration of top-down spatial and feature-based information in visual search.
The Pathology of Social Phobia is Independent of Developmental Changes in Face Processing
Increased Regional Fractional Anisotropy in Highly Screened Attention-Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD)
The Neural Bases of the Semantic Interference of Spatial Frequency-based Information in Scenes.
Wavelength-dependent modulation of brain responses to a working memory task by daytime light exposure.
Population Dynamics of Early Visual Cortex during Working Memory.
Effect of external auditory pacing on the neural activity of stuttering speakers
Unitary haptic perception: integrating moving tactile inputs from anatomically adjacent and non-adjacent digits.
"A dynamic object-processing network: metric shape discrimination of dynamic objects by activation of occipitotemporal, parietal, and frontal cortices."
Cerebral changes during performance of overlearned arbitrary visuomotor associations.
Human neural systems for conceptual knowledge of proper object use: a functional  magnetic resonance imaging study.
Reward Anticipation in Ventral Striatum and Individual Sensitivity to Reward: A Pilot Study of a Child-Friendly fMRI Task.
Brain Activation for Language Dual-Tasking: Listening to Two People Speak at the Same Time and a Change in Network Timing
Top-down expectation effects of food labels on motivation.
Two distinct neural mechanisms for category-selective responses.
White Matter Integrity and Behavioral Activation in Healthy Subjects
A single dose of mirtazapine modulates neural responses to emotional faces in healthy people.
Neural correlates of relational memory: successful encoding and retrieval of semantic and perceptual associations.
Do intuitive and deliberate judgments rely on two distinct neural systems? A case study in face processing.
Functional connectivity hubs in the human brain
Neural representation of reward in recovered depressed patients.
Visuo-spatial orienting during active exploratory behavior: Processing of task-related and stimulus-related signals.
Multivariate prediction of emerging psychosis in adolescents at high risk for schizophrenia.
"What is ""odd"" in Posner's location-cueing paradigm? Neural responses to unexpected location and feature changes compared."
Reduced movement-related beta desynchronisation in juvenile myoclonic epilepsy: A MEG study of task specific cortical modulation
Robotic movement preferentially engages the action observation network.
Abnormal ventral frontal response during performance of an affective go/no go task in patients with mania.
Psychometrically matched tasks evaluating differential fMRI activation during form and motion processing
Personal experience with narrated events modulates functional connectivity within visual and motor systems during story comprehension.
Selective memory retrieval of auditory what and auditory where involves the ventrolateral prefrontal cortex.
Mapping the brain in type II diabetes: Voxel-based morphometry using DARTEL
Brain motor functional changes after somatosensory discrimination training.
Amygdala dysfunction in men with the fragile X premutation.
Functional MRI approach to developmental methylmercury and polychlorinated biphenyl neurotoxicity
Neural correlates of autobiographical problem-solving deficits associated with rumination in depression.
"Relationships between years of education, regional grey matter volumes, and working memory-related brain activity in healthy older adults."
Programs for action in superior parietal cortex: A triple-pulse TMS investigation
Aberrant resting-state cerebellar blood flow in major depression.
Abnormal Relationship Between Medial Temporal Lobe and Subcortical Dopamine Function in People With an Ultra High Risk for Psychosis
Nonmotor aspects of action concepts.
Anterior prefrontal cortex activities during the inhibition of stereotyped responses in a neuropsychological rock-paper-scissors task.
Interaction of electrical stimulation and voluntary hand movement in SII and the  cerebellum during simulated therapeutic functional electrical stimulation in healthy adults.
Motor response suppression and the prepotent tendency to respond: a parametric fMRI study.
Neural specificity of acupuncture stimulation from support vector machine classification analysis
Specific cerebellar activation during Braille reading in blind subjects.
"The anterior hippocampus supports a coarse, global environmental representation and the posterior hippocampus supports fine-grained, local environmental representations."
"Alzheimer’s disease markers, hypertension and gray matter damage in normal elderly"
"The spatiotemporal dynamics of autobiographical memory: neural correlates of recall, emotional intensity, and reliving."
Neuropeptide-S (NPS) Receptor Genotype Modulates Basolateral Amygdala Responsiveness to Aversive Stimuli
"From anticipation to action, the role of dopamine in perceptual decision making:  an fMRI-tyrosine depletion study."
Selective activation of the ventrolateral prefrontal cortex in the human brain during active retrieval processing.
The semantic system is involved in mathematical problem solving.
Neural Mechanisms of Positive Mood Induced Modulation of Reality Monitoring.
Priming effects in the fusiform gyrus: changes in neural activity beyond the second presentation.
Postmortem and imaging based analyses reveal CNS decreased myelination in restless legs syndrome
Distinct hippocampal functional networks revealed by tractography-based parcellation.
Voxel-based morphometric study of brain volume changes in patients with Alzheimer’s disease assessed according to the Clinical Dementia Rating score
Sex attracts - neural correlates of sexual preference under cognitive demand.
Where action impairs visual encoding: an event-related fMRI study.
Nipping cue reactivity in the bud: baclofen prevents limbic activation elicited by subliminal drug cues.
Stimulating creativity via the exposure to other people's ideas.
Modulation of emotional appraisal by false physiological feedback during fMRI.
Is there a role of visual cortex in spatial hearing?
The Brain Network for Deductive Reasoning: A Quantitative Meta-analysis of 28 Neuroimaging Studies
Imaging how attention modulates pain in humans using functional MRI.
Sex-related differences of cortical thickness in patients with chronic abdominal  pain.
A brain MRI study of chronic fatigue syndrome: evidence of brainstem dysfunction and altered homeostasis
Gender differences in the processing of standardized emotional visual stimuli in  humans: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Temporal dynamics of emotional responding: amygdala recovery predicts emotional traits.
Disentangling motor execution from motor imagery with the phantom limb.
Hearing colors: an example of brain plasticity.
Abnormalities of Object Visual Processing in Body Dysmorphic Disorder
Brain Regions Engaged by Part- and Whole-task Performance in a Video Game: A Model-based Test of the Decomposition Hypothesis
Test-Retest Reliability of Memory Task fMRI in Alzheimer’s Disease Clinical Trials
Sex specificity of ventral anterior cingulate cortex suppression during a cognitive task.
The interrelations between verbal working memory and visual selection of emotional faces.
Past experience modulates the neural mechanisms of episodic memory formation.
Multimodal FMRI resting-state functional connectivity in granulin mutations: the  case of fronto-parietal dementia.
Dissociable correlates of recollection and familiarity within the medial temporal lobes.
Obstructive sleep apnea and cortical thickness in females and males.
The human ventromedial prefrontal cortex is critical for transitive inference.
Cortical underconnectivity coupled with preserved visuospatial cognition in autism: Evidence from an fMRI study of an embedded figures task
Modeling disease progression via multi-task learning.
States of Mind: Characterizing the Neural Bases of Focus and Mind-wandering through Dynamic Functional Connectivity.
Diminished rostral anterior cingulate activity in response to threat-related events in posttraumatic stress disorder
Functional MRI Detection of Deception After Committing a Mock Sabotage Crime
Brain activity for peripheral biological motion in the posterior superior temporal gyrus and the fusiform gyrus: Dependence on visual hemifield and view orientation
Sex differences in the brain response to affective scenes with or without humans
Effector-specific fields for motor preparation in the human frontal cortex
Disclosing concealed information on the basis of cortical activations
Functional Connectivity in fMRI: A Modeling Approach for Estimation and for Relating to Local Circuits
Effects of methylphenidate on working memory functioning in children with attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder
Differential brain activation during facial emotion discrimination in first-episode schizophrenia
Brain activity during stimulation of the trigeminal nerve with noxious heat
Neural correlates of the individual emotional Stroop in borderline personality disorder
Multivariate network analysis of fiber tract integrity in Alzheimer’s disease
Imaging the brain during sniffing: A pilot fMRI study
Medial versus lateral prefrontal dissociation in movement selection and inhibitory control
Prefrontal cortical functional abnormality in major depressive disorder: A stereotactic meta-analysis
Relation of Reward from Food Intake and Anticipated Food Intake to Obesity: A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Non-fluent progressive aphasia: Cerebral metabolic patterns and brain reserve
Morphometric Brain Abnormalities in Schizophrenia in a Population-Based Sample: Relationship to Duration of Illness
Self-reflection across time: cortical midline structures differentiate between present and past selves
Age-related water diffusion changes in human brain: A voxel-based approach
Acute prefrontal cortex TMS in healthy volunteers: Effects on brain11C-αMtrp trapping
Neural correlates of response reversal: Considering acquisition
Your pain or mine? Common and distinct neural systems supporting the perception of pain in self and other
Pattern classification using principal components of cortical thickness and its discriminative pattern in schizophrenia
Anatomical Substrates of Visual and Auditory Miniature Second-language Learning
"Can voxel based morphometry, manual segmentation and automated segmentation equally detect hippocampal volume differences in acute depression?"
A Tc-99m SPECT study of regional cerebral blood flow in patients with transient global amnesia
Value-based modulations in human visual cortex
Laboratory-based and autobiographical retrieval tasks differ substantially in their neural substrates
Neuroanatomy of Apathy and Disinhibition in Frontotemporal Lobar Degeneration
Cholinergic modulation of the cerebral metabolic response to citalopram in Alzheimer's disease
The evolutionary neuroscience of tool making
Cortical oscillatory power changes during auditory oddball task revealed by spatially filtered magnetoencephalography
Diurnal cortisol amplitude and fronto-limbic activity in response to stressful stimuli
Neural mechanisms underlying drug-related cue distraction in active cocaine users
NEURAL MECHANISMS OF AUDITORY DISCRIMINATION OF LONG-DURATION TONAL PATTERNS: A NEURAL MODELING AND FMRI STUDY
Emotional memory in depersonalization disorder: A functional MRI study
Neural dynamics for facial threat processing as revealed by gamma band synchronization using MEG
Human intracranially-recorded cortical responses evoked by painful electrical stimulation of the sural nerve
Quantitative diffusion tensor imaging in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis
Impact of modality and linguistic complexity during reading and listening tasks
Abnormal fMRI Connectivity in Children with Dyslexia During a Phoneme Task: Before But Not After Treatment
Habitual traffic noise at home reduces cardiac parasympathetic tone during sleep
Focal cortical atrophy in multiple sclerosis: Relation to lesion load and disability
Functional imaging studies of episodic memory in Alzheimer's disease: a quantitative meta-analysis
Metabolic brain networks associated with cognitive function in Parkinson’s disease
Neural response to the visual familiarity of faces
Neural substrates of explicit and implicit fear memory
"Activation of cerebellar nuclei comparing finger, foot and tongue movements as revealed by fMRI"
Polymorphism of DCDC2 Reveals Differences in Cortical Morphology of Healthy Individuals—A Preliminary Voxel Based Morphometry Study
Localisation of regions of intense pleasure response evoked by soccer goals
WHITE MATTER INTEGRITY PREDICTS STROOP PERFORMANCE IN PATIENTS WITH GERIATRIC DEPRESSION
The Cerebellum and Emotional Experience
Working memory dysfunction in obsessive–compulsive disorder: A neuropsychological and functional MRI study
EEG dynamics of the frontoparietal network during reaching preparation in humans
Validation and optimization of statistical approaches for modeling odorant-induced fMRI signal changes in olfactory-related brain areas
"IMAGING SIGNAL TRANSDUCTION VIA ARACHIDONIC ACID IN THE HUMAN BRAIN DURING VISUAL STIMULATION, BY MEANS OF POSITRON EMISSION TOMOGRAPHY"
Functional topography in the human cerebellum: A meta-analysis of neuroimaging studies
Cerebral network deficits in post-acute catatonic schizophrenic patients measured by fMRI
Stimuli of varying spatial scale induce gamma activity with distinct temporal characteristics in human visual cortex
Postprandial glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) response is positively associated with changes in neuronal activity of brain areas implicated in satiety and food intake regulation in humans
Functional Deficits in the Extrastriate Body Area During Observation of Sports-Related Actions in Schizophrenia
Assessment of verbal memory by fMRI: Lateralization and functional neuroanatomy
Brain Activity During a Motor Learning Task: An fMRI and Skin Conductance Study
5HTTLPR predicts left fusiform gyrus activation to positive emotional stimuli
Cerebral activation related to the control of mastication during changes in food hardness
Linear normalization of MR brain images in pediatric patients with periventricular leukomalacia
Where the Brain Grows Old: Decline in Anterior Cingulate and Medial Prefrontal Function with Normal Aging
Impaired Modulation of Attention and Emotion in Schizophrenia
The Relationship Between Gray Matter Morphometry and Neuropsychological Performance in a Large Sample of Cognitively Healthy Adults
Transcranial direct current stimulation: A computer-based human model study
FMRI indices of auditory attention in schizophrenia
Functional MRI approach for assessing hemispheric predominance of regions activated by a phonological and a semantic task
A structural MRI study in monozygotic twins concordant or discordant for attention/hyperactivity problems: Evidence for genetic and environmental heterogeneity in the developing brain
The effects of simulated stuttering and prolonged speech on the neural activation patterns of stuttering and nonstuttering adults
The roles of prefrontal and posterior parietal cortex in algebra problem solving: A case of using cognitive modeling to inform neuroimaging data
Contextual Interference in Recognition Memory with Age
Evidence for endogenous opioid release in the amygdala during positive emotion
A variant of logistic transfer function in Infomax and a postprocessing procedure for independent component analysis applied to fMRI data
Cluster Mass Inference via Random Field Theory
Evolution of fMRI Activation in the Perilesional Primary Motor Cortex and Cerebellum With Rehabilitation Training-Related Motor Gains After Stroke: A Pilot Study
Trait cheerfulness modulates BOLD response in lateral cortical but not limbic brain areas—A pilot fMRI study
White matter diffusion alterations in normal women at risk of Alzheimer's disease
fMRI-vs-MEG evaluation of post-stroke interhemispheric asymmetries in primary sensorimotor hand areas
Brain function during multi-trial learning in mild cognitive impairment: A PET activation study
Low-Frequency BOLD Fluctuations Demonstrate Altered Thalamocortical Connectivity in Schizophrenia
Neural substrates for episodic encoding and recognition of unfamiliar faces
Association of regional gray matter volume loss and progression of white matter lesions in multiple sclerosis — A longitudinal voxel-based morphometry study
Sex differences in the neuroanatomy of human mirror-neuron system: A voxel-based morphometric investigation
A PET [18F]altanserin study of 5-HT2Areceptor binding in the human brain and responses to painful heat stimulation
Sensory gating and source analysis of the auditory P50 in low and high suppressors
Brain activities associated with gaming urge of online gaming addiction
Functional Brain Correlates of Social and Non-Social Processes in Autism Spectrum Disorders: an ALE Meta-Analysis
Hearing Lips and Seeing Voices: How Cortical Areas Supporting Speech Production Mediate Audiovisual Speech Perception
Abnormal Regional Brain Function in Parkinson’s Disease: Truth or Fiction?
Neural correlates of the judgment of lying: A functional magnetic resonance imaging study
fMRI Activity Correlated With Auditory Hallucinations During Performance of a Working Memory Task: Data From the FBIRN Consortium Study
The voices of seduction: cross-gender effects in processing of erotic prosody
Parietal disruption impairs reflexive spatial attention within and between sensory modalities
Amygdala–frontal connectivity during emotion regulation
Hypothalamus and Amygdala Response to Acupuncture Stimuli in Carpal Tunnel Syndrome
Social cognition and frontal lobe pathology in schizophrenia: A voxel-based morphometric study
VBM signatures of abnormal eating behaviours in frontotemporal lobar degeneration
The effects of skin tone on race-related amygdala activity: an fMRI investigation
The Contributions of Prefrontal Cortex and Executive Control to Deception: Evidence from Activation Likelihood Estimate Meta-analyses
Rotated alphanumeric characters do not automatically activate frontoparietal areas subserving mental rotation
Parsing a sequence of brain activations at psychological times using fMRI
The Bivalent Side of the Nucleus Accumbens
"Neural, electrodermal and behavioral response patterns in contingency aware and unaware subjects during a picture–picture conditioning paradigm"
Neural correlates of approximate quantification strategies in young and older adults: An fMRI study
Progressive changes of white matter integrity in schizophrenia revealed by diffusion tensor imaging
Effects of dialectic-behavioral-therapy on the neural correlates of affective hyperarousal in borderline personality disorder
The Role of Spectral and Durational Properties on Hemispheric Asymmetries in Vowel Perception
The somatodendritic domain of substantia nigra pars reticulata projection neurons in the rat
Network modulation in the treatment of Parkinson's disease
Association between triallelic polymorphism of the serotonin transporter and [18F]MPPF binding potential at 5-HT1Areceptors in healthy subjects
Quantification of gray matter changes in the cerebral cortex after isolated cerebellar damage: a voxel-based morphometry study
Functional MRI Changes in Amnestic and Non-Amnestic MCI During Encoding and Recognition Tasks
Distant metastases in head and neck carcinoma: Identification of prognostic groups with MR imaging
Depression in Parkinson's disease: Convergence from voxel-based morphometry and functional magnetic resonance imaging in the limbic thalamus
Regional cerebral blood flow changes in depression after electroconvulsive therapy
Fear Recognition Ability Predicts Differences in Social Cognitive and Neural Functioning in Men
"Neural correlates of antisaccade deficits in schizophrenia, an fMRI study"
Autonoetic consciousness in Alzheimer's disease: Neuropsychological and PET findings using an episodic learning and recognition task
A review of neuroimaging studies of stressor-evoked blood pressure reactivity: Emerging evidence for a brain-body pathway to coronary heart disease risk
Neural Recruitment for the Production of Native and Novel Speech Sounds
Recognition of happy facial affect in panic disorder: An fMRI study
No consistent difference in gray matter volume between individuals with fibromyalgia and age-matched healthy subjects when controlling for affective disorder
"Serotonin transporter polymorphisms, microstructural white matter abnormalities and remission of geriatric depression"
Microstructural Status of Ipsilesional and Contralesional Corticospinal Tract Correlates with Motor Skill in Chronic Stroke Patients
Gray matter atrophy associated with duration of temporal lobe epilepsy
Serotonin Modulation of Cerebral Glucose Metabolism in Depressed Older Adults
A prominent role for amygdaloid complexes in the Variability in Heart Rate (VHR) during Rapid Eye Movement (REM) sleep relative to wakefulness
Distribution of grey matter atrophy in Huntington’s disease patients: A combined ROI-based and voxel-based morphometric study
Serotonin Transporter Binding in Bipolar Disorder Assessed using [11C]DASB and Positron Emission Tomography
Sex Differences in Resting-State Neural Correlates of Openness to Experience among Older Adults
Neural Basis of Repetition Priming during Mathematical Cognition: Repetition Suppression or Repetition Enhancement?
White matter volume and concentration reductions in adolescents with history of very preterm birth: A voxel-based morphometry study
Modifications of brain tissue volumes in facioscapulohumeral dystrophy
Abnormal cerebral metabolism during menstrual pain in primary dysmenorrhea
Children with dyslexia lack multiple specializations along the visual word-form (VWF) system
Levodopa-induced striatal activation in Parkinson's disease: A functional MRI study
"Neural Correlates of Alzheimer's Disease and Mild Cognitive Impairment: A Systematic and Quantitative Meta-Analysis involving 1,351 Patients"
Conscious Awareness of Flicker in Humans Involves Frontal and Parietal Cortex
Neural correlates of serial abacus mental calculation in children: A functional MRI study
Pain and non-pain processing during hypnosis: A thulium-YAG event-related fMRI study
A parametric approach to voxel-based meta-analysis
Therapy-induced plasticity of cognitive functions in MS patients: Insights from fMRI
Cerebral morphology and dopamine D2/D3receptor distribution in humans: A combined [18F]fallypride and voxel-based morphometry study
Mood Alters Amygdala Activation to Sad Distractors During an Attentional Task
Sex differences in mental rotation: Top–down versus bottom–up processing
Bilingual and multilingual language processing
Neuronal Activation for Semantically Reversible Sentences
Changes of resting state brain networks in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis
The effect of acute tryptophan depletion on performance and the BOLD response during a Stroop task in healthy first-degree relatives of patients with unipolar depression
Tract-based spatial statistics (TBSS) of diffusion tensor imaging data in alcohol dependence: Abnormalities of the motivational neurocircuitry
Response preferences for “what” and “where” in human non-primary auditory cortex
Learning in trance: Functional brain imaging studies and neuropsychology
Reduced Hippocampal Activation During Recall is Associated with Elevated FMR1 mRNA and Psychiatric Symptoms in Men with the Fragile X Premutation
Effects of expectation on the brain metabolic responses to methylphenidate and to its placebo in non-drug abusing subjects
Phased processing of facial emotion: An ERP study
Complementary hemispheric asymmetries in object naming and recognition: A voxel-based correlational study
Localizing the distributed language network responsible for the N400 measured by MEG during auditory sentence processing
Working Memory and Long-Term Memory for Faces: Evidence From fMRI and                     Global Amnesia for Involvement of the Medial Temporal Lobes
Inefficient neural activity in patients with schizophrenia and nonpsychotic relatives of schizophrenic patients: Evidence from a working memory task
The role of large-scale neural interactions for developmental stuttering
Investigating the human mirror neuron system by means of cortical synchronization during the imitation of biological movements
Assessment of regional GABAAreceptor binding using18F-fluoroflumazenil positron emission tomography in spastic type cerebral palsy
Psychobiological Characteristics of Dissociative Identity Disorder: A Symptom Provocation Study
How metaphors influence semantic relatedness judgments: The role of the right frontal cortex
Alterations in nicotinic α4β2 receptor binding in vascular dementia using123I-5IA-85380 SPECT: Comparison with regional cerebral blood flow
On-line psychophysical data acquisition and event-related fMRI protocol optimized for the investigation of brain activation in response to gustatory stimuli
Citicoline Affects Appetite and Cortico-Limbic Responses to Images of High Calorie Foods
Now or Later? An fMRI study of the effects of endogenous opioid blockade on a decision-making network
State-dependent microstructural white matter changes in bipolar I depression
Brain perfusion SPECT with an automated quantitative tool can identify prodromal Alzheimer's disease among patients with mild cognitive impairment
Brain mechanism of reward prediction under predictable and unpredictable environmental dynamics
The neural basis of ego- and allocentric reference frames in spatial navigation: Evidence from spatio-temporal coupled current density reconstruction
Structural correlates of intellectual impairment and autistic features in adolescents
An fMRI Study of the Neural Correlates of Incidental Versus Directed Emotion Processing in Pediatric Bipolar Disorder
Early Hyperandrogenism Affects the Development of Hippocampal Function: Preliminary Evidence from a Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study of Boys with Familial Male Precocious Puberty
Anticipation of aversive stimuli activates extended amygdala in unipolar depression
Distinct spatial patterns of brain activity associated with memory storage and search
Interaction between a verbal working memory network and the medial temporal lobe
Cortical recruitment patterns in children born prematurely compared with control subjects during a passive listening functional magnetic resonance imaging task
MRI brain activation in first-episode bipolar mania during a response inhibition task
Somatotopic organization of the processing of muscle and cutaneous pain in the left and right insula cortex: A single-trial fMRI study
Effects of Alcohol on Performance on a Distraction Task During Simulated Driving
Influence of Emotional Expression on Memory Recognition Bias in Schizophrenia as Revealed by fMRI
Prefrontal and hippocampal contributions to the generation and binding of semantic associations during successful encoding
Voxel-Based Study of Structural Changes in First-Episode Patients with Bipolar Disorder
Altered Impulse Control in Alcohol Dependence: Neural Measures of Stop Signal Performance
Aging Influences the Neural Correlates of Lexical Decision but Not Automatic Semantic Priming
The underlying anatomical correlates of long-term meditation: Larger hippocampal and frontal volumes of gray matter
Combined distributed source and single-trial EEG–fMRI modeling: Application to effortful decision making processes
Cortical and subcortical networks in human secondarily generalized tonic–clonic seizures
"After facing traumatic stress: Brain activation, cognition and stress coping in policemen"
Response inhibition among early adolescents prenatally exposed to tobacco: An fMRI study
A FUNCTIONAL NEUROIMAGING INVESTIGATION OF THE ROLES OF STRUCTURAL COMPLEXITY AND TASK-DEMAND DURING AUDITORY SENTENCE PROCESSING
Longitudinal Changes in Cerebral Response to Proprioceptive Input in Individual Patients after Stroke: An fMRI Study
Changes in cerebral glucose utilization in patients with panic disorder treated with cognitive–behavioral therapy
A general method of Bayesian estimation for parametric imaging of the brain
The right hippocampus participates in short-term memory maintenance of object–location associations
Four subgroups of Alzheimer's disease based on patterns of atrophy using VBM and a unique pattern for early onset disease
Evaluation of voxel-based methods for the statistical analysis of PIB PET amyloid imaging studies in Alzheimer's disease
Immaturity of somatosensory cortical processing in human newborns
Information-processing modules and their relative modality specificity
Development of a Human Brain Diffusion Tensor Template
Facial Emotion Processing in Schizophrenia: A Meta-analysis of Functional Neuroimaging Data
A lack of default network suppression is linked to increased distractibility in ADHD
Comparison of fMRI data from passive listening and active-response story processing tasks in children
Lithium therapy for HIV-1 Associated Neurocognitive Impairment
Source imaging of the cortical 10 Hz oscillations during cooling and warming in humans
Personality traits related to juvenile myoclonic epilepsy: MRI reveals prefrontal abnormalities through a voxel-based morphometry study
Tuning of the human left fusiform gyrus to sublexical orthographic     structure
Activating Event Knowledge
Changes in LORETA and conventional patterns of P600 after steroid treatment in multiple sclerosis patients
Functional abnormalities in the dyslexic brain: A quantitative meta-analysis of neuroimaging studies
Stimulation of subthalamic nucleus inhibits emotional activation of fusiform gyrus
Ventrolateral prefrontal cortex activity associated with individual differences in arbitrary delayed paired-association learning performance: A functional magnetic resonance imaging study
"In vivo SPECT imaging of muscarinic acetylcholine receptors using (R,R)123I-QNB in dementia with Lewy bodies and Parkinson’s disease dementia"
Investigation of the neural correlates underlying action observation in multiple sclerosis patients
Neural correlates of auditory feedback control in human
Neural correlates of social exclusion during adolescence: understanding the distress of peer rejection
Visualizing Vocal Perception in the Chimpanzee Brain
A study of visuospatial working memory pre- and post-Gonadotropin Hormone Releasing Hormone agonists (GnRHa) in young women
Greater Activation of the “Default” Brain Regions Predicts Stop Signal Errors
Brain Volume Reductions within Multiple Cognitive Systems in Male Preterm Children at Age Twelve
Left posterior superior temporal gyrus participates specifically in accessing lexical phonology
A Developmental Examination of Amygdala Response to Facial Expressions
Inefficiency in Self-organized Attentional Switching in the Normal Aging Population is Associated with Decreased Activity in the Ventrolateral Prefrontal Cortex
Mid-fusiform Activation during Object Discrimination Reflects the Process of Differentiating Structural Descriptions
"Infection, Incest, and Iniquity: Investigating the Neural Correlates of Disgust and Morality"
Cerebral blood flow associated with creative performance: A comparative study
Separable Substrates for Anticipatory and Consummatory Food Chemosensation
Individual Differences in Sentence Comprehension: A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Investigation of Syntactic and Lexical Processing Demands
Thalamic metabolism and symptom onset in preclinical Huntington’s disease
Neural correlates of subliminal and supraliminal letter processing—An event-related fMRI study
False recognition of emotional stimuli is lateralised in the brain: An fMRI study
Individual differences in EEG theta and alpha dynamics during working memory correlate with fMRI responses across subjects
Functional brain interactions that serve cognitive-affective processing during pain and placebo analgesia
Effect of Alzheimer Disease Risk on Brain Function During Self-Appraisal in Healthy Middle-Aged Adults
"Reproducible activation in BA2, 1 and 3b associated with texture discrimination in healthy volunteers over time"
A distinct [18F]MPPF PET profile in amnestic mild cognitive impairment compared to mild Alzheimer's disease
Valuating other people’s emotional face expression: a combined functional magnetic resonance imaging and electroencephalography study
Communicative Signaling Activates ‘Broca's’ Homolog in Chimpanzees
Crossed cerebral lateralization for verbal and visuo-spatial function in a pair of handedness discordant monozygotic twins: MRI and fMRI brain imaging
Age-related Differences in Brain Activity during True and False Memory Retrieval
When a Thought Equals a Look: Refreshing Enhances Perceptual Memory
Self-paced frequency of a simple motor task and brain activation
Five-dimensional neuroimaging: Localization of the time-frequency dynamics of cortical activity
Grey matter atrophy in early versus late dementia in Parkinson's disease
Functional magnetic resonance imaging of brain activity during chewing and occlusion by natural teeth and occlusal splints
Neural correlates of associative learning and memory in veterans with posttraumatic stress disorder
Volumetric abnormalities associated with cognitive deficits in patients with schizophrenia
Attentional bias of competitive interactions in neuronal networks of early visual processing in the human brain
Neurophysiological responses to traumatic reminders in the acute aftermath of serious motor vehicle collisions using [15O]-H2O PET
"Role of features and second-order spatial-relations in face discrimination, face recognition, and individual face skills: Behavioral and fMRI data"
Association between trait emotional awareness and dorsal anterior cingulate activity during emotion is arousal-dependent
"Minds, persons, and space: An fMRI investigation into the relational complexity of higher-order intentionality"
Neural correlates of age-related visual search decline: A combined ERP and sLORETA study
Hypometabolism and Altered Cerebrospinal Fluid Markers in Normal Apolipoprotein E E4 Carriers with Subjective Memory Complaints
Spatiotemporal patterns of oscillatory brain activity during auditory word recognition in children: A synthetic aperture magnetometry study
Activity in medial prefrontal cortex during cognitive evaluation of threatening stimuli as a function of personality style
Modeling motor connectivity using TMS/PET and structural equation modeling
Impaired Medial Temporal Repetition Suppression is Related to Failure of Parietal Deactivation in Alzheimer Disease
Impaired semantic processing during sentence reading in children with dyslexia: Combined fMRI and ERP evidence
Brain activity associated with dual-task management differs depending on the combinations of response modalities
Evidence of Slow Maturation of the Superior Longitudinal Fasciculus in Early Childhood by Diffusion Tensor Imaging
Multivariate deformation-based analysis of brain atrophy to predict Alzheimer's disease in mild cognitive impairment
Processing the socially relevant parts of faces
The spatial characteristics of the painful thermal grill illusion
Middle short gyrus of the insula implicated in pain processing
Cross-modal integration of intranasal stimuli: A functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Gray and white matter imbalance – Typical structural abnormality underlying classic autism?
Bilingual and Monolingual Brains Compared: A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Investigation of Syntactic Processing and a Possible “Neural Signature” of Bilingualism
Deficits in learning and memory: Parahippocampal hyperactivity and frontocortical hypoactivity in cannabis users
Nicotinic α4β2 receptor binding in dementia with Lewy bodies using123I-5IA-85380 SPECT demonstrates a link between occipital changes and visual hallucinations
fMRI BOLD Response to the Eyes Task in Offspring From Multiplex Alcohol Dependence Families
Cortical metabolic changes in the cerebellar variant of multiple system atrophy: A voxel-based FDG-PET study in 41 patients
Neural correlates of unconditioned response diminution during Pavlovian conditioning
Evidence of fronto-temporal interactions for strategic inference processes during language comprehension
Structural consequences of diffuse traumatic brain injury: A large deformation tensor-based morphometry study
Sex differences in sensory gating of the thalamus during auditory interference of visual attention tasks
Gender differences in the mesocorticolimbic system during computer game-play
Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Evidence for Abnormalities in Response Selection in Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder: Differences in Activation Associated with Response Inhibition but Not Habitual Motor Response
Transcranial magnetic stimulation and brain atrophy: a computer-based human brain model study
Separable Forms of Reality Monitoring Supported by Anterior Prefrontal Cortex
Changed patterns of cerebral activation related to clinically normal hand movement in cervical dystonia
Functional correlates of incoordination in patients with spinocerebellar ataxia 1: A preliminary fMRI study
Brain Anatomy Differences in Childhood Stuttering
Sex differences in the serotonin 1A receptor and serotonin transporter binding in the human brain measured by PET
Towards a sensorimotor aesthetics of performing art
Time course of blood oxygenation level–dependent signal response after theta burst transcranial magnetic stimulation of the frontal eye field
Composite voxel-based analysis of volume and T2 relaxometry in temporal lobe epilepsy
Gastric distention activates satiety circuitry in the human brain
Syntactic and Thematic Constraint Effects on Blood Oxygenation Level Dependent Signal Correlates of Comprehension of Relative Clauses
The topographical distribution of tissue injury in benign MS: A 3T multiparametric MRI study
Subject's own name as a novel in a MMN design: A combined ERP and PET study
Neural activities in human somatosensory cortical areas evoked by acupuncture stimulation
Re-entrant Projections Modulate Visual Cortex in Affective Perception: Evidence From Granger Causality Analysis
Enhanced resting-state brain activities in ADHD patients: A fMRI study
Effects of spatial smoothing on fMRI group inferences
Tonic and phasic electroencephalographic dynamics during continuous compensatory tracking
Gender-dependent increases with healthy aging of the human cerebral cannabinoid-type 1 receptor binding using [18F]MK-9470 PET
Neural correlates of affective processing in response to sad and angry facial stimuli in patients with major depressive disorder
Neural Correlates of Post-error Slowing during a Stop Signal Task: A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Psychopathy as a disorder of the moral brain: Fronto-temporo-limbic grey matter reductions demonstrated by voxel-based morphometry
Changes in male brain responses to emotional faces from adolescence to middle age
Hand and mouth: Cortical correlates of lexical processing in British Sign Language and speechreading English
The short and long of it: Neural correlates of temporal-order memory for autobiographical events
Effects of stimulus difficulty and repetition on printed word identification: An fMRI comparison of Non-Impaired and Reading Disabled Adolescent cohorts
Optimized voxel-based morphometry in children with developmental dyscalculia
CHOLESTEROL-RELATED GENETIC RISK SCORES ARE ASSOCIATED WITH HYPOMETABOLISM IN ALZHEIMER’S-AFFECTED BRAIN REGIONS
Age-related differences in regional brain volumes: A comparison of optimized voxel-based morphometry to manual volumetry
Increased cerebellar activation during sequence learning in DYT1 carriers: an equiperformance study
Effects of the cholinergic agonist nicotine on reorienting of visual spatial attention and top-down attentional control
Dynamic Neural Responses to Cue-Reactivity Paradigms in Heroin-Dependent Users: An fMRI Study
Clozapine may partially compensate for task-related brain perfusion abnormalities in risperidone-resistant schizophrenia patients
Cerebral activation in children and adolescents with obsessive–compulsive disorder before and after treatment: A functional MRI study
Neuronal substrates of haptic shape encoding and matching: A functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Brain Activation during Eye Gaze Discrimination in Stable Schizophrenia
Are Attractive People Rewarding? Sex Differences in the Neural Substrates of Facial Attractiveness
An Event-Related fMRI Investigation of Voice-Onset Time Discrimination
Gender differences and age-related white matter changes of the human brain: A diffusion tensor imaging study
Neural mechanisms of spatial- and feature-based attention: A quantitative analysis
Normal database of dopaminergic neurotransmission system in human brain measured by positron emission tomography
The Brain Processing of Scratching
Electrophysiological evidence of doubly innervated branched muscle fibers in the human brachioradialis muscle
The neural substrate of the ideomotor principle: An event-related fMRI analysis
Correlation of cognitive functions with voxel-based morphometry in patients with hippocampal sclerosis
Brain white matter tracts degeneration in Friedreich ataxia. An in vivo MRI study using tract-based spatial statistics and voxel-based morphometry
Prepulse inhibition and “psychosis-proneness” in healthy individuals: An fMRI study
Anatomical Abnormalities of the Anterior Cingulate Cortex in Schizophrenia: Bridging the Gap Between Neuroimaging and Neuropathology
Both the Hippocampus and Striatum Are Involved in Consolidation of Motor Sequence Memory
Differences in areas of human frontal medial wall activated by left and right motor execution: Dipole-tracing analysis of grand-averaged potentials incorporated with MNI three-layer head model
Atypical frontal-posterior synchronization of Theory of Mind regions in autism during mental state attribution
Error-specific medial cortical and subcortical activity during the stop signal task: A functional magnetic resonance imaging study
A fronto-parietal network is mediating improvement of motor function related to repetitive peripheral magnetic stimulation: A PET-H2O15study
"Brain white matter damage in SCA1 and SCA2. An in vivo study using voxel-based morphometry, histogram analysis of mean diffusivity and tract-based spatial statistics"
Enuresis as a premorbid developmental marker of schizophrenia
fMRI Activation Changes during Successful Episodic Memory Encoding and Recognition in Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment Relative to Cognitively Healthy Older Adults
Sex differences in regional gray matter in healthy individuals aged 44–48 years: A voxel-based morphometric study
Changes in Gray Matter Induced by Learning—Revisited
An approach to MRI-based dosimetry for transcranial magnetic stimulation
Top–down task effects overrule automatic multisensory responses to letter–sound pairs in auditory association cortex
Neural correlates of regional EEG power change
In search of autobiographical memories: A PET study in the frontal variant of frontotemporal dementia
Age of acquisition modulates neural activity for both regular and irregular syntactic functions
Consistency and functional specialization in the default mode brain network
Isolating event-related potential components associated with voluntary control of visuo-spatial attention
Failure to modulate neural response to increased task demand in mild Alzheimer's disease: fMRI study of visuospatial processing
Neural correlates of mapping from phonology to orthography in children performing an auditory spelling task
Modifications of the interactions in the motor networks when a movement becomes automatic
Functional anatomy of motor urgency
Compensatory brain activation for recognition memory in patients with medication-resistant epilepsy
Spontaneous Low-Frequency Fluctuations in the BOLD Signal in Schizophrenic Patients: Anomalies in the Default Network
Effects of Aging on the Neural Correlates of Successful Item and Source Memory Encoding
The Extended Language Network: A Meta-Analysis of Neuroimaging Studies on Text Comprehension
Cerebral changes and cognitive dysfunctions in medication-free schizophrenia – An fMRI study
Progressive atrophy in the optic pathway and visual cortex of early blind Chinese adults: A voxel-based morphometry magnetic resonance imaging study
Differential brain processing of audiovisual sexual stimuli in men: Comparative positron emission tomography study of the initiation and maintenance of penile erection during sexual arousal
Neural correlates of STN DBS-induced cognitive variability in Parkinson disease
Low dopamine striatal D2 receptors are associated with prefrontal metabolism in obese subjects: Possible contributing factors
Brain network for passive word listening as evaluated with ICA and Granger causality
"Microglia, amyloid, and cognition in Alzheimer's disease: An [11C](R)PK11195-PET and [11C]PIB-PET study"
The neural correlates of sign versus word production
Neural correlates of heart rate variability during emotion
Differential modulation of neural activity throughout the distributed neural system for face perception in patients with Social Phobia and healthy subjects
Neural correlates of naming newly learned objects in MCI
Patterns of cerebral white matter damage and cognitive impairment in adolescents born very preterm
Grey matter abnormalities in trichotillomania: morphometric  magnetic resonance imaging study
Temporal modeling demonstrates preserved overlearning processes in schizophrenia: An fMRI study
Functional MRI evidence for language plasticity in adult epileptic patients: Preliminary results
Single Dose of a Dopamine Agonist Impairs Reinforcement Learning in Humans: Evidence from Event-related Potentials and Computational Modeling of Striatal-Cortical Function
fMRI of Intrasubject Variability in ADHD: Anomalous Premotor Activity With Prefrontal Compensation
The anxiolytic effects of midazolam during anticipation to pain revealed using fMRI
Abnormal cortical folding patterns within Broca's area in schizophrenia: Evidence from structural MRI
Role of the prefrontal cortex in human balance control
Drawing cartoon faces – a functional imaging study of the cognitive neuroscience of drawing
Changes in network activity with the progression of Parkinson’s disease
The Main Sources of Intersubject Variability in Neuronal Activation for Reading Aloud
Towards a nosology for frontotemporal lobar degenerations—A meta-analysis involving 267 subjects
An effect of context on saccade-related behavior and brain activity
Subthalamic nucleus stimulation-induced regional blood flow responses correlate with improvement of motor signs in Parkinson disease
Enhanced Neuroactivation during Verbal Memory Processing in Postmenopausal Women Receiving Short Term Hormone Therapy
Quantitative analysis of asymmetrical cortical activity in motor areas during sequential finger movement
Functional MRI characteristics of a focal region of cortical malformation not associated with seizure onset
Tract shape modelling provides evidence of topological change in corpus callosum genu during normal ageing
"Orthographic familiarity, phonological legality and number of orthographic neighbours affect the onset of ERP lexical effects"
Detecting hippocampal hypometabolism in Mild Cognitive Impairment using automatic voxel-based approaches
Phonological working memory with auditory presentation of pseudo-words — An event related fMRI Study
Neural coding of stimulus concentration in the human olfactory and intranasal trigeminal systems
Brain Correlates of Autonomic Modulation: Combining Heart Rate Variability with fMRI
Modulation of pain ratings by expectation and uncertainty: Behavioral characteristics and anticipatory neural correlates
Nonvisual Motor Learning Influences Abstract Action Observation
In vivo PET study of 5HT2Aserotonin and D2dopamine dysfunction in drug-naive obsessive-compulsive disorder
Retinotopic maps and foveal suppression in the visual cortex of amblyopic adults
A voxel-based morphometry study of grey matter loss in MS patients with different clinical phenotypes
Voxel-based mapping of brain gray matter volume and glucose metabolism profiles in normal aging
Cerebral correlates of muscle tone fluctuations in restless legs syndrome: A pilot study with combined functional magnetic resonance imaging and anterior tibial muscle electromyography
Hippocampal function during associative learning in patients with posttraumatic stress disorder
“I Know You Are But What Am I?!”: Neural Bases of Self- and Social Knowledge Retrieval in Children and Adults
Meta-Analysis of Gray Matter Anomalies in Schizophrenia: Application of Anatomic Likelihood Estimation and Network Analysis
Impaired response inhibition function in abstinent heroin dependents: An fMRI study
Resting brain perfusion in social anxiety disorder: A voxel-wise whole brain comparison with healthy control subjects
Examining ventral and dorsal prefrontal function in bipolar disorder: A functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Dopaminergic modulation of cognitive interference after pharmacological washout in Parkinson's disease
Voxel-based morphometry to detect brain atrophy in progressive mild cognitive impairment
Effects of Acute Nicotine Abstinence on Cue-elicited Ventral Striatum/Nucleus Accumbens Activation in Female Cigarette Smokers: A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Neural Organization of Linguistic Short-Term Memory is Sensory Modality-Dependent: Evidence from Signed and Spoken Language
Cerebral correlates of motor imagery of normal and precision gait
The neural substrates of affective processing toward positive and negative affective pictures in patients with major depressive disorder
Human cortical representation of oral temperature
Alteration of fractional anisotropy and apparent diffusion coefficient in obsessive–compulsive disorder: A diffusion tensor imaging study
Age-related changes in the cerebral substrates of cognitive procedural learning
Neurological basis of poor insight in psychosis: A voxel-based MRI study
Localized grey matter damage in early primary progressive multiple sclerosis contributes to disability
Functional grouping and cortical–subcortical interactions in emotion: A meta-analysis of neuroimaging studies
Chronic vagus nerve stimulation for treatment-resistant depression decreases resting ventromedial prefrontal glucose metabolism
Overcoming suppression in order to remember: Contributions from anterior cingulate and ventrolateral prefrontal cortex
β-adrenergic modulation of oddball responses in humans
Valence-specific regulation effects in a working memory task with emotional context
The effect of appraisal level on processing of emotional prosody in meaningless speech
Gray Matter Asymmetries in Chimpanzees as Revealed by Voxel-Based Morphometry
"Relationship between regional brain metabolism, illness severity and age in depressed subjects"
Bilateral decrease in ventrolateral prefrontal cortex activation during motor response inhibition in mania
Artifact correction and source analysis of early electroencephalographic responses evoked by transcranial magnetic stimulation over primary motor cortex
"Decreased prefrontal, anterior cingulate, insula, and ventral striatal metabolism in medication-free depressed outpatients with bipolar disorder"
Changes in brain gray matter due to repetitive painful stimulation
Temporally Graded Activation of Neocortical Regions in Response to Memories of Different Ages
Dominance and Submission: The Ventrolateral Prefrontal Cortex and Responses to Status Cues
Alcohol Sensitizes Cerebral Responses to the Odors of Alcoholic Drinks: An fMRI Study
Striatal grey matter increase in patients suffering from fibromyalgia – A voxel-based morphometry study
Neural substrates related to auditory working memory comparisons in dyslexia: An fMRI study
Experience-dependent plasticity: Differential changes in activation associated with repeated reinforcement
Theory of Mind and Schizophrenia: A Positron Emission Tomography Study of Medication-Free Patients
A Meta-Analytic Study of Changes in Brain Activation in Depression
Modafinil-induced hippocampal activation in narcolepsy
Abnormal Superior Temporal Connectivity During Fear Perception in Schizophrenia
Optimizing the mapping of finger areas in primary somatosensory cortex using functional MRI
The left parietal cortex and motor intention: An event-related functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Brain structures activated by overt and covert emotional visual stimuli
Feature-specific attentional priority signals in human cortex.
Cross-modal activation of visual cortex during depth perception using auditory substitution of vision
No ɛ4gene dose effect on hippocampal atrophy in a large MRI database of healthy elderly subjects
View-independent coding of face identity in frontal and temporal cortices is modulated by familiarity: an event-related fMRI study
Bilateral thalamic gray matter changes in patients with restless legs syndrome
Regional white matter anisotropy and reading ability in patients treated for embryonal tumors
Bupropion and venlafaxine responders differ in pretreatment regional cerebral metabolism in unipolar depression
Moment-to-moment fluctuations in fMRI amplitude and inter-region coupling are predictive of inhibitory performance
Advance preparation and stimulus-induced interference in cued task switching: further insights from BOLD fMRI
Occipital–parietal interactions during shifts of exogenous visuospatial attention: trial-dependent changes of effective connectivity
Executive and behavioral deficits share common neural substrates in frontotemporal lobar degeneration — A pilot FDG-PET study
Overt sentence production in event-related fMRI
Activation in Posterior Superior Temporal Sulcus Parallels Parameter Inducing the Percept of Animacy
Effects of noun–verb homonymy on the neural correlates of naming concrete entities and actions
Lexical retrieval constrained by sound structure: The role of the left inferior frontal gyrus
Modulation of brain activity during phonological familiarization
Structural imaging in the presymptomatic stage of genetically determined parkinsonism
Acute Ethanol Effects on Brain Activation in Low- and High-Level Responders to Alcohol
Analyzing the connectivity between regions of interest: An approach based on cluster Granger causality for fMRI data analysis
Distinct Roles for Lateral and Medial Anterior Prefrontal Cortex in Contextual Recollection
"The neural correlates and temporal sequence of the relationship between shock exposure, disturbed sleep and impaired consolidation of fear extinction"
Cerebral and cerebellar gray matter reduction in first-episode patients with major depressive disorder: A voxel-based morphometry study
"Beyond visual, aural and haptic movement perception: hMT+ is activated by electrotactile motion stimulation of the tongue in sighted and in congenitally blind individuals"
Substantia nigra activity level predicts trial-to-trial adjustments in cognitive control
Temporomandibular Disorder Modifies Cortical Response to Tactile Stimulation
Force level independent representations of predictive grip force–load force coupling: A PET activation study
Atlas-guided non-uniform attenuation correction in cerebral 3D PET imaging
Changes in brain activation associated with use of a memory strategy: a functional MRI study
Dissociating neural correlates for nouns and verbs
Analysis of the spectral envelope of sounds by the human brain
Linking semantic priming effect in functional MRI and event-related potentials
Sensory experience of food and obesity: a positron emission tomography study of the brain regions affected by tasting a liquid meal after a prolonged fast
Structural white matter deficits in high-functioning individuals with autistic spectrum disorder: a voxel-based investigation
It just felt right: The neural correlates of the fluency heuristic
Default mode network abnormalities in bipolar disorder and schizophrenia
The influence of sex differences and individual task performance on brain activation during planning
Neural changes after phonological treatment for anomia: An fMRI study
Structural encoding and recognition of biological motion: evidence from event-related potentials and source analysis
Cortical response to subjectively unconscious danger
Automatic analysis of cerebral asymmetry: an exploratory study of the relationship between brain torque and planum temporale asymmetry
Involvement of right piriform cortex in olfactory familiarity judgments
Neural correlates of conscious perception in the attentional blink
An fMRI study of the prefrontal activity during the performance of a working memory task in premutation carriers of the fragile X mental retardation 1 gene with and without fragile X-associated tremor/ataxia syndrome (FXTAS)
How do we perceive the pain of others? A window into the neural processes involved in empathy
Functional neuroimaging of odor imagery
Functional connectivity in an fMRI working memory task in high-functioning autism
The neural correlates of spatial language in English and American Sign Language: a PET study with hearing bilinguals
An fMRI study of reward-related probability learning
Identification of the neural sources of the pattern-reversal VEP
Influence of bodily harm on neural correlates of semantic and moral decision-making
Resting SPECT-neuropsychology correlation in very mild Alzheimer's disease
Visual sensory processing deficit in the occipital region in children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder as revealed by event-related potentials during cued continuous performance test
Cerebral mechanisms of prosodic integration: evidence from connected speech
Post-movement beta rebound abnormality as indicator of mirror neuron system dysfunction in autistic spectrum disorder: An MEG study
Voxel-based analysis of multiple-system atrophy of cerebellar type: complementary results by combining voxel-based morphometry and voxel-based relaxometry
Deep Brain Stimulation for Treatment-Resistant Depression
"Comparison of “standard” and “navigated” procedures of TMS coil positioning over motor, premotor and prefrontal targets in patients with chronic pain and depression"
Distributed task coding throughout the multiple demand network of the human frontal–insular cortex
Human cortical responses during one-bit delayed-response tasks: An fMRI study
Expectancy and belief modulate the neuronal substrates of pain treated by acupuncture
Medial temporal lobe dysfunction during encoding and retrieval of episodic memory in non-demented APOE ε4 carriers
The Very Preterm Brain in Young Adulthood: The Neural Correlates of Verbal Paired Associate Learning
Depression is associated with increased sensitivity to signals of disgust: A functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Structure-function relationships in the context of reinforcement-related learning: a combined diffusion tensor imaging–functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Verbal memory retrieval engages visual cortex in musicians
Effect of working memory on evaluation-related frontocentral negativity
Human brain activation in response to visual stimulation with rural and urban scenery pictures: A functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Co-occurring Anxiety Influences Patterns of Brain Activity in Depression
A preliminary study of medial temporal lobe function in youths with a history of caregiver deprivation and emotional neglect
Brain Activation while Thinking about the Self from Another Person’s Perspective after Traumatic Brain Injury in Adolescents
Visuospatial perspective taking in a dynamic environment: Perceiving moving objects from a first-person-perspective induces a disposition to act
Neural correlates of high and craving during cocaine self-administration using BOLD fMRI
Language network specializations: An analysis with parallel task designs and functional magnetic resonance imaging
Smile and Laughter Induction and Intraoperative Predictors of Response to Deep Brain Stimulation for Obsessive Compulsive Disorder
Regional gray matter volume of dopaminergic system associate with creativity: Evidence from voxel-based morphometry
Neural correlates of focused attention and cognitive monitoring in meditation
Neural Activation in the ‘Reward Circuit’ Shows a Nonlinear Response to Facial Attractiveness
Cortical activation during mental rotation in male-to-female and female-to-male transsexuals under hormonal treatment
Increased sensorimotor network activity in DYT1 dystonia: a functional imaging study
Letter processing interferes with inhibition of return: Evidence for cortical involvement
On the characterization of the spatio-temporal profiles of brain activity associated with face naming and the tip-of-the-tongue state: A magnetoencephalographic (MEG) study
"Information theory, novelty and hippocampal responses: unpredicted or unpredictable?"
The Role of VMPC in Metamemorial Judgments of Content Retrievability
Amitriptyline reduces rectal pain related activation of the anterior cingulate cortex in patients with irritable bowel syndrome
Aging affects both perceptual and lexical/semantic components of word stem priming: An event-related fMRI study
Atypical Functional Brain Activation During a Multiple Object Tracking Task in Girls With Turner Syndrome: Neurocorrelates of Reduced Spatiotemporal Resolution
Neuromagnetic localization of rhythmic activity in the human brain: a comparison of three methods
Activation in the MT-complex during visual perception of apparent motion and temporal succession
Cortical plasticity associated with stuttering therapy
Adult Age Differences in Functional Connectivity during Executive Control
The anterior cingulate cortex contains distinct areas dissociating external from self-administered painful stimulation: a parametric fMRI study
Processing of audiovisual speech in Broca's area
Manipulation of Length and Lexicality Localizes the Functional Neuroanatomy of Phonological Processing in Adult Readers
Decoding task-based attentional modulation during face categorization
An extended motor network generates beta and gamma oscillatory perturbations during development
"Early, partly anticipatory, neural oscillations during identification set the stage for priming"
Learning by strategies and learning by drill—evidence from an fMRI study
Time and frequency domain event-related electrical activity associated with response control in schizophrenia
Grammatical gender in the brain: Evidence from an fMRI study on Italian
Obstructive Sleep Apnea and Age: A Double Insult to Brain Function?
"White matter neuroplastic changes in long-term trained players of the game of “Baduk”11“Baduk” is the Korean name which replaces the Japanese name “GO,” designating a traditional Far Eastern board game with two kinds of pieces (black and white stones) manipulated by two opponents. For game-play details, see Introduction.(GO): A voxel-based diffusion-tensor imaging study"
"Voxel-based analysis of Alzheimer's disease PET imaging using a triplet of radiotracers: PIB, FDDNP, and FDG"
Cerebrocerebellar Hypometabolism Associated With Repetitive Blast Exposure Mild Traumatic Brain Injury in 12 Iraq War Veterans With Persistent Post-Concussive Symptoms
Neural substrates in judgment process while playing go: a comparison of amateurs with professionals
Non-invasive brain mapping of motor-related areas of four limbs in patients with clinically isolated syndrome compared to healthy normal controls
Neuropsychological profile of prodromal Alzheimer's disease (Prd-AD) and their radiological correlates
Analysis of functional networks involved in motor execution and motor imagery using combined hierarchical clustering analysis and independent component analysis
Association Between Learning Capabilities and Practice-Related Activation Changes in Schizophrenia
Corticolimbic blood flow in posttraumatic stress disorder during script-driven imagery
The neural basis for novel semantic categorization
Influence of fMRI smoothing procedures on replicability of fine scale motor localization
Resting Neural Activity Distinguishes Subgroups of Schizophrenia Patients
Voxel-Based Morphometric Analysis of Gray Matter in First Episode Schizophrenia
On-line attentional selection from competing stimuli in opposite visual fields: effects on human visual cortex and control processes.
Reduced connectivity between the left fusiform body area and the extrastriate body area in anorexia nervosa is associated with body image distortion.
Manual activity shapes structure and function in contralateral human motor hand area
Cross auditory-spatial learning in early-blind individuals.
Brain morphological changes associated with cyclic menstrual pain
Neural Substrates of Attentional Bias for Smoking-Related Cues: An fMRI Study
Neural Correlates of Exposure to Traumatic Pictures and Sound in Vietnam Combat Veterans with and without Posttraumatic Stress Disorder: A Positron Emission Tomography Study
Functional MRI localisation of central nervous system regions associated with volitional inspiration in humans
FUNCTIONAL NEUROANATOMY OF THE COGNITIVE PROCESS OF MAPPING DURING DISCOURSE COMPREHENSION
Passive tactile recognition of geometrical shape in humans: An fMRI study
Adult Age Differences in Visual Word Identification: Functional Neuroanatomy by Positron Emission Tomography
"Homocysteine, neural atrophy, and the effect of caloric restriction in rhesus monkeys"
fMRI studies of successful emotional memory encoding: A quantitative meta-analysis
Effects of gustatory stimulation on brain activity during hunger and satiety in females with restricting-type anorexia nervosa: An fMRI study
Orbitofrontal cortex dysfunction in abstinent cocaine abusers performing a decision-making task
Acute effects of sublingual buprenorphine on brain responses to heroin-related cues in early-abstinent heroin addicts: an uncontrolled trial
Functional brain abnormalities in young adults at genetic risk for late-onset Alzheimer's dementia
Two routes to emotional memory: Distinct neural processes for valence and arousal
A fluorescence resonance energy transfer-derived structure of a quantum dot-protein bioconjugate nanoassembly
Evidence for a dysfunctional retrosplenial cortex in patients with schizophrenia: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study with a semantic—perceptual contrast
Altered Neural Activity and Emotions Following Right Middle Cerebral Artery Stroke
"What is right-hemisphere contribution to phonological, lexico-semantic, and sentence processing?"
Development of Brain Mechanisms for Processing Orthographic and Phonologic Representations
Effect of methylphenidate on executive functioning in adults with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder: Normalization of behavior but not related brain activity
An fMRI study of affective state and medication on cortical and subcortical brain regions during motor performance in bipolar disorder.
Temporal dissociation of early lexical access and articulation using a delayed naming task--an FMRI study.
"Functional heterogeneity of conflict, error, task-switching, and unexpectedness effects within medial prefrontal cortex"
Neural activity is modulated by trial history: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study of the effects of a previous antisaccade.
Changes in fMRI BOLD response to increasing and decreasing task difficulty during auditory perception of temporal order
Lighter or heavier than predicted: neural correlates of corrective mechanisms during erroneously programmed lifts.
Pathological amygdala activation during working memory performance: Evidence for  a pathophysiological trait marker in bipolar affective disorder.
Impact of cognitive performance on the reproducibility of fMRI activation in schizophrenia
Differential involvement of parietal and precentral regions in movement preparation and motor intention.
Interoceptive awareness changes the posterior insula functional connectivity profile.
Specific disgust processing in the left insula: New evidence from direct electrical stimulation.
Brain activation by disgust-inducing pictures in obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Individual differences in trait anxiety predict the response of the basolateral amygdala to unconsciously processed fearful faces.
Probabilistic Entity-Relationship Diagram: A correlation between functional connectivity and spontaneous brain activity during resting state in major depressive disorder.
Abnormal diffusion of cerebral white matter in early blindness.
Brain activation of the defensive and appetitive survival systems in obsessive compulsive disorder.
"Cortical effects of bromocriptine, a D-2 dopamine receptor agonist, in human subjects, revealed by fMRI."
Distinct neural correlates for attention lapses in patients with schizophrenia and healthy participants.
Disrupted amygdala-prefrontal connectivity during emotion regulation links stress-reactive rumination and adolescent depressive symptoms.
Cross-cultural music phrase processing: an fMRI study.
Overnight consolidation aids the transfer of statistical knowledge from the medial temporal lobe to the striatum.
The neural correlates of maternal and romantic love.
Effects of direct social experience on trust decisions and neural reward circuitry.
The role of anterior cingulate cortex and precuneus in the coordination of motor  behaviour.
Short-term meditation induces white matter changes in the anterior cingulate
Long-range synchrony of gamma oscillations and auditory hallucination symptoms in schizophrenia
Distinct functional connectivity associated with lateral versus medial rostral prefrontal cortex: A meta-analysis
"More workload on the central executive of working memory, less attention capture by novel visual distractors: evidence from an fMRI study"
Left inferior prefrontal cortex activity reflects inhibitory rather than facilitatory priming
Temporal lobe activations of “feeling-of-knowing” induced by face-name associations
Neural correlates of switching from auditory to speech perception
Effect of bilingualism on cognitive control in the Simon task: evidence from MEG
Cerebral perfusion changes in mesial temporal lobe epilepsy: SPM analysis of ictal and interictal SPECT
An fMRI study of the role of suprapontine brain structures in the voluntary voiding control induced by pelvic floor contraction
Functional connectivity during Stroop task performance
Functional topography of working memory for face or voice identity
A direct brainstem–amygdala–cortical ‘alarm’ system for subliminal signals of fear
Functional activity related to risk anticipation during performance of the Iowa gambling task
Neuronal correlates of consistency and frequency effects on Chinese character naming: an event-related fMRI study
Distinct unimodal and multimodal regions for word processing in the left temporal cortex
Functional imaging of gustatory perception and imagery: “top-down” processing of gustatory signals
Brain activation in processing temporal sequence: an fMRI study
"Visuospatial attention: how to measure effects of infrequent, unattended events in a blocked stimulus design"
Functional topography of the secondary somatosensory cortex for nonpainful and painful stimulation of median and tibial nerve: an fMRI study
First episode drug-naïve major depressive disorder with panic disorder: Gray matter deficits in limbic and default network structures
The Neural Correlates of Neuroticism Differ by Sex and Prospectively Mediate Depressive Symptoms Among Older Women
Effects of somatosensory stimulation and attention on human somatosensory cortex: An fMRI study
Does egocentric mental rotation elicit sex differences?
Challenging the cholinergic system in mild cognitive impairment: a pharmacological fMRI study
Characterizing spatial and temporal features of autobiographical memory retrieval networks: a partial least squares approach
Images of desire: food-craving activation during fMRI
Altered brain function directly related to structural abnormalities in people at ultra high risk of psychosis: Longitudinal VBM-fMRI study
The Vomeronasal Organ is not Involved in the Perception of Endogenous Odors
The Effect of Stimulant Medication on Prefrontal Functional Connectivity during Working Memory in Attention-deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder
Neural circuits of disgust induced by sexual stimuli in homosexual and heterosexual men: An fMRI study
Hemispheric asymmetries of hypometabolism associated with semantic memory impairment in Alzheimer's disease: a study using positron emission tomography with fluorodeoxyglucose-F18
BOLD-fMRI signal increases with age in selected brain regions in children
Abnormal baseline brain activity in patients with neuromyelitis optica: A resting-state fMRI study
A functional magnetic resonance imaging navigated repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation study of the posterior parietal cortex in normal pain and hyperalgesia
Is voice processing species-specific in human auditory cortex? An fMRI study
Neuronal mechanisms during repetitive trigemino-nociceptive stimulation in migraine patients
A pilot study of brain activation in children with trichotillomania during a visual-tactile symptom provocation task: A functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Neural networks underlying endogenous and exogenous visual–spatial orienting
Cerebral regions and hemispheric specialization for processing spatial frequencies during natural scene recognition. An event-related fMRI study
Repetitive stimulation of premotor cortex affects primary motor cortex excitability and movement preparation
Contrasting metabolic impairment in frontotemporal degeneration and early onset Alzheimer's disease
Neural mechanisms involved in the detection of our first name: a combined ERPs and PET study
Neural basis of emotional self-regulation in childhood
"An fMRI Study of Episodic Memory: Retrieval of Object, Spatial, and Temporal Information"
Are Representations in Working Memory Distinct From Representations in Long-Term Memory? Neural Evidence in Support of a Single Store
Prediction error for free monetary reward in the human prefrontal cortex
A longitudinal fMRI study: in recovering and then in clinically stable sub-cortical stroke patients
Short-term modulation of regional excitability and blood flow in human motor cortex following rapid-rate transcranial magnetic stimulation
"Automatized clustering and functional geometry of human parietofrontal networks for language, space, and number"
Comparison of standard and optimized voxel-based morphometry for analysis of brain changes associated with temporal lobe epilepsy
Correlations between sadness-induced cerebral activations and schizophrenia symptoms: An fMRI study of sex differences
Distinct representations for facial identity and changeable aspects of faces in the human temporal lobe
Abnormal brain activity in prefrontal brain regions in abstinent marijuana users
Differential cingulate and caudate activation following unexpected nonrewarding stimuli
Cholinergic Modulation of Hippocampal Activity during Episodic Memory Encoding in Postmenopausal Women: A Pilot Study
Characteristic brain hypoperfusion by 99mTc-ECD single photon emission computed tomography (SPECT) in patients with the first-episode schizophrenia
Brain mechanisms for preparing increasingly complex sensory to motor transformations
Multistable representation of speech forms: a functional MRI study of verbal transformations
How does the brain accommodate to increased task difficulty in word finding?
Cerebral Correlates of Amygdala Responses During Non-Conscious Perception of Facial Affect in Adolescent and Pre-Adolescent Children
REVERSAL OF THE CONCRETENESS EFFECT IN SEMANTIC DEMENTIA
Individual differences in personality traits reflect structural variance in specific brain regions
Resting state glucose utilization and the CERAD cognitive battery in patients with Alzheimer's disease
Functional MRI changes in the central motor system in myotonic dystrophy type 1
Voxel-based analysis of diffusion tensor indices in the brain in patients with Parkinson's disease
Electrophysiological and Hemodynamic Responses to Reward Prediction Violation
The activation of the cortical hand area by toe tapping in two bilateral upper-extremities amputees with extraordinary foot movement skill
Pre-target activity in visual cortex predicts behavioral performance on spatial and feature attention tasks
High-resolution ERP mapping of cortical activation related to implicit object-location memory
Investigating the impact of sex and cortisol on implicit fear conditioning with fMRI
Neuronal correlates and serotonergic modulation of behavioural inhibition and reward in healthy and antisocial individuals
The human parahippocampal cortex subserves egocentric spatial learning during navigation in a virtual maze
Depressive mood in pre-dialytic chronic kidney disease: Statistical parametric mapping analysis of Tc-99m ECD brain SPECT
White matter microstructural differences linked to left perisylvian language network in children with dyslexia
Behavioral and Neural Correlates of Memory Selection and Interference Resolution during a Digit Working Memory Task
Sensitivity to effective relational complexity in the occipitoparietal lobe
Effect of Dopamine Transporter Gene (SLC6A3) Variation on Dorsal Anterior Cingulate Function in Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder
Temporally anticorrelated brain networks during working memory performance reveal aberrant prefrontal and hippocampal connectivity in patients with schizophrenia
Alterations in cerebral perfusion in posttraumatic stress disorder patients without re-exposure to accident-related stimuli
Native and non-native reading of sentences: An fMRI experiment
A right hemispheric prefrontal system for cognitive time measurement
Cerebral processing of food-related stimuli: Effects of fasting and gender
Basal Ganglia-Thalamocortical Circuitry Disruptions in Schizophrenia During Delayed Response Tasks
"A functional magnetic resonance imaging study of the effects of pergolide, a dopamine receptor agonist, on component processes of working memory"
Restored speech comprehension linked to activity in left inferior prefrontal and right temporal cortices in postlingual deafness
Brain and autonomic association accompanying stochastic decision-making
Age-related differences in the involvement of the prefrontal cortex in attentional control
Altered white matter microstructure in adolescent substance users
Neural response to specific components of fearful faces in healthy and schizophrenic adults
Comparison of regional cerebral blood flow in patients with anorexia nervosa before and after weight gain
Effect of worry on regional cerebral blood flow in nonanxious subjects
Gait disturbance associated with white matter changes: A gait analysis and blood flow study
Sleep deprivation and its effects on object-selective attention
Gray Matter in First-Episode Schizophrenia Before and After Antipsychotic Drug Treatment. Anatomical Likelihood Estimation Meta-analyses With Sample Size Weighting
Neural mechanisms underlying changes in stress-sensitivity across the menstrual cycle
Predictors of treatment response to fluvoxamine in obsessive–compulsive disorder: An fMRI study
Genetically predisposed offspring with schizotypal features: An ultra high-risk group for schizophrenia?
Neural correlates of impaired emotional discrimination in borderline personality disorder: An fMRI study
The functional neuroanatomy of classic delayed response tasks in humans and the limitations of cross-method convergence in prefrontal function
Microstructural white matter changes in normal aging: A diffusion tensor imaging study with higher-order polynomial regression models
Neural substrates of manipulation in visuospatial working memory
IDENTIFYING OBJECTS IMPAIRS KNOWLEDGE OF OTHER OBJECTS: A RELEARNING EXPLANATION FOR THE NEURAL REPETITION EFFECT
White matter reduction in patients with schizophrenia as revealed by voxel-based morphometry: An activation likelihood estimation meta-analysis
What can man do without basal ganglia motor output? The effect of combined unilateral subthalamotomy and pallidotomy in a patient with Parkinson's disease
Sex-related differences in amygdala functional connectivity during resting conditions
"Sentence comprehension and voxel-based morphometry in progressive nonfluent aphasia, semantic dementia, and nonaphasic frontotemporal dementia"
Donepezil Improves Episodic Memory in Young Individuals Vulnerable to the Effects of Sleep Deprivation
The Cerebral Response During Subjective Choice With and Without Self-Reference
Executive Function and Error Detection: The Effect of Motivation on Cingulate and Ventral Striatum Activity
Diminished Neural and Cognitive Responses to Facial Expressions of Disgust in Patients with Psoriasis: A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Variation in the μ-opioid receptor gene (OPRM1) is associated with dispositional and neural sensitivity to social rejection
Examining the role of frequency specificity in the enhancement and suppression of human cortical activity by auditory selective attention
Altered brain response without behavioral attention deficits in healthy siblings of schizophrenic patients
fMRI of parents of children with Asperger Syndrome: A pilot study
Somatosensory cortical plasticity in carpal tunnel syndrome—a cross-sectional fMRI evaluation
Brain networks underlying perceptual habituation to repeated aversive visceral stimuli in patients with irritable bowel syndrome
Persistent EEG overactivation in the cortical pain matrix of neurogenic pain patients
Stability Of Default-Mode Network Activity In The Aging Brain
Beyond amygdala: Default Mode Network activity differs between patients with Social Phobia and healthy controls
Age-related prefrontal over-recruitment in semantic memory retrieval: Evidence from successful face naming and the tip-of-the-tongue state
Functional MRI evidence for disparate developmental processes underlying intelligence in boys and girls
Three Studies on the Neuroeconomics of Decision-Making when Payoffs are Real and Negative
Brain abnormalities in human obesity: A voxel-based morphometric study
"Ipsilateral coordination at preferred rate: Effects of age, body side and task complexity"
The impact of age-related changes on working memory functional activity
Frontoparietal activation during delayed visuospatial recall in patients with epilepsy due to hippocampal sclerosis
Functional but not structural changes associated with learning: An exploration of longitudinal Voxel-Based Morphometry (VBM)
Detecting Sarcasm from Paralinguistic Cues: Anatomic and Cognitive Correlates in Neurodegenerative Disease
Hemispheric asymmetry in cognitive division of anterior cingulate cortex: A resting-state functional connectivity study
Encoding uncertainty in the hippocampus
Distinct neural mechanisms of risk and ambiguity: A meta-analysis of decision-making
Pattern of Increased Cerebral FDG Uptake in Down Syndrome Patients
Brain encoding of acupuncture sensation - coupling on-line rating with fMRI
Pre-stimulus hippocampal activity predicts later recollection
Differential roles for left inferior frontal and superior temporal cortex in multimodal integration of action and language
Processing the acoustic effect of size in speech sounds
Direct Tactile Stimulation of Dorsal Occipito-Temporal Cortex in a Visual Agnosic
Processing of voices in deafness rehabilitation by auditory brainstem implant
Subcortical motor plasticity in patients with sporadic ALS: An fMRI study
Neural representation of animacy in the early visual areas: A functional MRI study
Evidence of altered posteromedial cortical fMRI activity in subjects at risk for Alzheimer disease
Functional network of the basal ganglia and cerebellar motor loops in vivo: Different activation patterns between self-initiated and externally triggered movements
Differences in cerebral activation patterns in idiopathic inflammatory demyelination using the paced visual serial addition task: An fMRI study
Neural Correlates of Efficacy of Voice Therapy in Parkinson’s Disease Identified by Performance–Correlation Analysis
"Brain Anatomical Abnormalities in High-Risk Individuals, First-Episode, and Chronic Schizophrenia: An Activation Likelihood Estimation Meta-analysis of Illness Progression"
Effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation applied over the premotor cortex on somatosensory-evoked potentials and regional cerebral blood flow
Network modulation by the subthalamic nucleus in the treatment of Parkinson’s disease
Reduced activation in the mirror neuron system during a virtual social cognition task in euthymic bipolar disorder
Brain mechanisms of expectation associated with insula and amygdala response to aversive taste: Implications for placebo
HIGHER SERUM TOTAL CHOLESTEROL LEVELS IN LATE MIDDLE AGE ARE ASSOCIATED WITH GLUCOSE HYPOMETABOLISM IN BRAIN REGIONS AFFECTED BY ALZHEIMER’S DISEASE AND NORMAL AGING
Dissociable parietal systems for primacy and subsequent memory effects
Effects of prenatal marijuana on visuospatial working memory: An fMRI study in young adults
Steady-state activation in somatosensory cortex after changes in stimulus rate during median nerve stimulation
Brain volume and dysexecutive behavior in schizophrenia
Voxel-based morphometry and automated lobar volumetry: The trade-off between spatial scale and statistical correction
Brain activity in near-death experiencers during a meditative state
Learning-related diminution of unconditioned SCR and fMRI signal responses
Neurophysiological and functional MRI evidence of reorganization of cortical motor areas in cerebral arteriovenous malformation
Dysfunction of a Cortical Midline Network During Emotional Appraisals in Schizophrenia
Lateralized and frequency-dependent effects of prefrontal rTMS on regional cerebral blood flow
Gray matter reduction associated with emotion regulation in female outpatients with major depressive disorder: A voxel-based morphometry study
Early Parental Care Is Important for Hippocampal Maturation: Evidence from Brain Morphology in Humans
Parietal updating of limb posture: An event-related fMRI study
White Matter Changes Compromise Prefrontal Cortex Function in Healthy Elderly Individuals
Cognitive inhibition of number/length interference in a Piaget-like task: Evidence by combining ERP and MEG
A human mirror neuron system for language: Perspectives from signed languages of the deaf
Deciphering Cortical Number Coding from Human Brain Activity Patterns
Age-related changes in the functional neuroanatomy of overt speech production
Testosterone reduces amygdala–orbitofrontal cortex coupling
Reduced activation and inter-regional functional connectivity of fronto-striatal networks in adults with childhood Attention-Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) and persisting symptoms during tasks of motor inhibition and cognitive switching
Using voxel-based morphometry to map the structural changes associated with rapid conversion in MCI: A longitudinal MRI study
Cerebral correlates of delta waves during non-REM sleep revisited
Spatial registration of multichannel multi-subject fNIRS data to MNI space without MRI
Flanker negative priming from spatially unpredictable primes: An ERP study
Metabolic alterations associated with impaired clock drawing in Lewy body dementia
Task-related activity in prefrontal cortex and its relation to recognition memory performance in young and old adults
Atypical development of white matter microstructure in adolescents with autism spectrum disorders
Brain Activity Dissociates Mentalization from Motivation During an Interpersonal Competitive Game
Exploring vision-related acupuncture point specificity with multivoxel pattern analysis
Functional response in ventral temporal cortex differentiates mild cognitive impairment from normal aging
Inspiratory loading elicits aberrant fMRI signal changes in obstructive sleep apnea
Involvement of both prefrontal and inferior parietal cortex in dual-task performance
An fMRI Study of Frontostriatal Circuits During the Inhibition of Eye Blinking in Persons With Tourette Syndrome
Extra-hippocampal grey matter density abnormalities in paediatric mesial temporal sclerosis
An fMRI study of multi-modal semantic and phonological processing in reading disabled adolescents
Direction-specific adaptation of magnetic responses to motion onset
Ventral Striatum/Nucleus Accumbens Activation to Smoking-Related Pictorial Cues in Smokers and Nonsmokers: A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Orientation of tendons in vivo with active and passive knee muscles
Oscillatory coupling in writing and writer’s cramp
Evaluating fMRI methods for assessing hemispheric language dominance in healthy subjects
"Variation in orbitofrontal cortex volume: relation to sex, emotion regulation and affect"
Current techniques in postmortem imaging with specific attention to paediatric applications
Individual and Additive Effects of the CNR1 and FAAH Genes on Brain Response to Marijuana Cues
Frontal lobe involvement in spatial span: Converging studies of normal and impaired function
Diffusion tensor imaging in medial temporal lobe epilepsy with hippocampal sclerosis
fMRI tracks reductions in repetitive behaviors in autism: Two case studies
"The inferior, anterior temporal lobes and semantic memory clarified: Novel evidence from distortion-corrected fMRI"
The neural correlates of driving performance identified using positron emission tomography
Somatotopic organisation of the human insula to painful heat studied with high resolution functional imaging
Changes in Gray Matter Volume in Patients with Bipolar Disorder
Atorvastatin therapy is associated with greater and faster cerebral hemodynamic response
Recruitment of fusiform face area associated with listening to degraded speech sounds in auditory–visual speech perception: a PET study
Early Stages of Figure–Ground Segregation during Perception of the Face–Vase
Automatic brain response to facial emotion as a function of implicitly and explicitly measured extraversion
Focal epileptiform spikes do not show a canonical BOLD response in patients with benign rolandic epilepsy (BECTS)
Disruption of prefrontal function and connectivity in individuals with phenylketonuria
Sound Naming in Neurodegenerative Disease
Age- and sex-related effects on the neuroanatomy of healthy elderly
Neural Regions that Underlie Reinforcement Learning Also Engage in Social Expectancy Violations
Functional network in the prefrontal cortex during episodic memory retrieval
An fMRI study of magnitude comparison and exact addition in children
Depression symptoms and cognitive control of emotion cues: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Functional neural substrates of self-reported physical anhedonia in non-clinical individuals and in patients with schizophrenia
A preliminary study of functional magnetic resonance imaging response during verbal encoding among adolescent binge drinkers
“What” and “Where” in the Intraparietal Sulcus: An fMRI Study of Object Identity and Location in Visual Short-Term Memory
Sex-based differences in the behavioral and neuronal responses to food
Sleep-dependent motor memory plasticity in the human brain
Anterior intraparietal cortex codes complexity of observed hand movements
Empirical comparison of maximal voxel and non-isotropic adjusted cluster extent results in a voxel-based morphometry study of comorbid learning disability with schizophrenia
Hypnotic induction decreases anterior default mode activity
On the scent of human olfactory orbitofrontal cortex: Meta-analysis and comparison to non-human primates
A Dual-Route Perspective on Brain Activation in Response to Visual Words: Evidence for a Length by Lexicality Interaction in the Visual Word Form Area (VWFA)
Knowing Who’s Boss: fMRI and ERP Investigations of Social Dominance Perception
"Deriving meaning: Distinct neural mechanisms for metaphoric, literal, and non-meaningful sentences"
The neural substrates for atypical planning and execution of word production in stuttering
Single-trial coupling of the gamma-band response and the corresponding BOLD signal
White matter microstructure underlying default mode network connectivity in the human brain
Neural changes in the ventral and dorsal visual streams during pattern recognition learning
Forming intentions successfully: Differential compensational mechanisms of adolescents and old adults
Handedness and cerebral anatomical asymmetries in young adult males
Musical and verbal semantic memory: Two distinct neural networks?
Grey matter loss in relapsing–remitting multiple sclerosis: A voxel-based morphometry study
White matter abnormalities in autism detected through transverse relaxation time imaging
Event-related components of the punishment and reward sensitivity
Replication of Functional MRI Detection of Deception
Variants of uncertainty in decision-making and their neural correlates
On why the elderly have normal semantic retrieval but deficient episodic encoding: A study of left inferior frontal ERP activity
Double dissociation in neural correlates of visual working memory: A PET study
Experience-dependent changes in human brain activation during contingency learning
Testosterone administration modulates neural responses to crying infants in young females
Human brain structures related to plantar vibrotactile stimulation: A functional magnetic resonance imaging study
The image of time: A voxel-wise meta-analysis
Novelty as a Dimension in the Affective Brain
Cortical abnormalities in bipolar disorder investigated with MRI and voxel-based morphometry
Cross-modal plasticity in deaf subjects dependent on the extent of hearing loss
A meta-analysis of instructed fear studies: Implications for conscious appraisal of threat
Mapping multiple visual areas in the human brain with a short fMRI sequence
Cognitive Control of Drug Craving Inhibits Brain Reward Regions in Cocaine Abusers
Working memory abnormalities in chronic interictal epileptic psychosis and schizophrenia revealed by magnetoencephalography
Predicting Grip Force Amplitude Involves Circuits in the Anterior Basal Ganglia
Naming of newly learned objects: A PET activation study
Cerebral perfusion abnormality in narcolepsy with cataplexy
Remapping in the Ipsilesional Motor Cortex after VR-based Training: a Pilot fMRI Study
Regional cerebral glucose metabolism and anxiety symptoms in bipolar depression: Effects of levothyroxine
Measurement of brain function in pre-school children using a custom sized whole-head MEG sensor array
Explicit and Implicit Facial Affect Recognition in Manic and Depressed States of Bipolar Disorder: A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Aberrant social and cerebral responding in a competitive reaction time paradigm in criminal psychopaths
Functional epileptic network in left mesial temporal lobe epilepsy detected using resting fMRI
The neuronal correlates of intranasal trigeminal function—an ALE meta-analysis of human functional brain imaging data
Structural and cognitive deficits in remitting and non-remitting recurrent depression: A voxel-based morphometric study
Recovery of correlated neuronal sources from EEG: The good and bad ways of using SOBI
Gray matter abnormalities in Internet addiction: A voxel-based morphometry study
Genotype-Phenotype Aspects of Type 2 Long QT Syndrome
Functional correlates of distractor suppression during spatial working memory encoding
Neural Correlates of Executive Function in Autistic Spectrum Disorders
Symbolic gestures and spoken language are processed by a common neural system
Investigating the functional heterogeneity of the default mode network using coordinate-based meta-analytic modeling
"Executive control function, brain activation and white matter hyperintensities in older adults"
Effect of a psychoneurotherapy on brain electromagnetic tomography in individuals with major depressive disorder
Multidimensional assessment of empathic abilities: Neural correlates and gender differences
Another kind of 'BOLD Response': answering multiple-choice questions via online decoded single-trial brain signals.
Neural responses to emotional stimuli in comorbid borderline personality disorder and bipolar depression.
A double dissociation between striate and extrastriate visual cortex for pattern  motion perception revealed using rTMS.
Mapping the involvement of BA 4a and 4p during Motor Imagery.
fMRI of verbal and nonverbal memory processes in healthy and epileptogenic medial temporal lobes
Fine modulation in network activation during motor execution and motor imagery.
A baseline for the multivariate comparison of resting-state networks.
Visual Sampling Predicts Hippocampal Activity.
"Combined omega-3 fatty acids, aerobic exercise and cognitive stimulation prevents decline in gray matter volume of the frontal, parietal and cingulate cortex in patients with mild cognitive impairment"
"The brain network underlying serial visual search: comparing overt and covert spatial orienting, for activations and for effective connectivity."
Sound recognition and localization in man: specialized cortical networks and effects of acute circumscribed lesions.
"Functional comparison of primacy, middle and recency retrieval in human auditory  short-term memory: an event-related fMRI study."
"Manipulating item proportion and deception reveals crucial dissociation between behavioral, autonomic, and neural indices of concealed information."
Syntax without language: neurobiological evidence for cross-domain syntactic computations.
Distinctive Correspondence Between Separable Visual Attention Functions and Intrinsic Brain Networks.
Mental calculation impairment in Alzheimer's disease: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
The effects of dopaminergic D2-like receptor stimulation upon behavioral and neural correlates of renewal depend on individual context processing propensities.
Somatotopic organization of gentle touch processing in the posterior insular cortex.
Behavioural and brain responses related to Internet search and memory.
The neural basis of parallel saccade programming: an fMRI study.
Acute exercise modulates cigarette cravings and brain activation in response to smoking-related images: an fMRI study.
Neurodegeneration in friedreich's ataxia is associated with a mixed activation pattern of the brain. A fMRI study.
Frequency and Chunking in Derived Words: A Parametric fMRI Study.
Their pain is not our pain: brain and autonomic correlates of empathic resonance  with the pain of same and different race individuals.
Enhanced amygdala and medial prefrontal activation during nonconscious processing of fear in posttraumatic stress disorder: an fMRI study.
The enhanced cortical activation induced by transcranial direct current stimulation during hand movements.
How preparation changes the need for top-down control of the basal ganglia when inhibiting premature actions.
Functional segmentation of the brain cortex using high model order group PICA.
Neuronal correlates of continuous manual tracking under varying visual movement feedback in a virtual reality environment.
Looking at my body. Similarities and differences between anorexia nervosa patients and controls in body image visual processing
Differential neural network of checking versus washing symptoms in obsessive-compulsive disorder
Reprint of: DAT genotype modulates striatal processing and long-term memory for items associated with reward and punishment.
Conceptual Representations of Perceptual Knowledge
Uncovering a context-specific connectional fingerprint of human dorsal premotor cortex.
"The angry brain: neural correlates of anger, angry rumination, and aggressive personality."
Cortical activation by tactile and painful stimuli in hemispherectomized patients.
Effect of the number of response alternatives on brain activity in response selection.
Development of anterior cingulate functional connectivity from late childhood to  early adulthood.
"Sex differences in language asymmetry are age-dependent and small: A large-scale, consonant–vowel dichotic listening study with behavioral and fMRI data"
Functional neuroanatomy of contextual acquisition of concrete and abstract words.
Activation of mirror-neuron system by erotic video clips predicts degree of induced erection: an fMRI study.
Dorso-medial and ventro-lateral functional specialization of the human retrosplenial complex in spatial updating and orienting.
Towards systems neuroscience of ADHD: A meta-analysis of 55 fMRI studies
Short-term retrospective versus prospective memory processing as emergent properties of the mind and brain: Human fMRI evidence
Test-retest reliability of the BOLD pharmacological MRI response to ketamine in healthy volunteers.
Fully automated localization of the human primary somatosensory cortex in one minute by functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Dynamic parieto-premotor network for mental image transformation revealed by simultaneous EEG and fMRI measurement.
Individual differences in regional prefrontal gray matter morphometry and fractional anisotropy are associated with different constructs of executive function.
AN INVESTIGATION OF IMPLICIT MEMORY THROUGH LEFT TEMPORAL LOBECTOMY FOR EPILEPSY
Brain activity patterns uniquely supporting visual feature integration after traumatic brain injury.
Multi-scale glycemic variability: a link to gray matter atrophy and cognitive decline in type 2 diabetes.
"Reaction time-related activity reflecting periodic, task-specific cognitive control."
Brain strategies for reading in the second language are determined by the first language.
Functional asymmetries revealed in visually guided saccades: an FMRI study.
Functional connectivity of the striatum links motivation to action control in humans.
Excessive users of violent video games do not show emotional desensitization: an  fMRI study.
Striatal dysfunction in schizophrenia and unaffected relatives.
Neurocognitive endophenotypes of obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Phonological processing during language production: fMRI evidence for a shared production-comprehension network.
Enhanced neural activity in response to dynamic facial expressions of emotion: an fMRI study.
"Broca's area homologue in chimpanzees (Pan troglodytes): probabilistic mapping, asymmetry, and comparison to humans."
"The less BOLD, the wiser: support for the latent resource hypothesis after traumatic brain injury."
Combined activation and deactivation of visual cortex during tactile sensory processing.
"Early binding of gaze, gesture, and emotion: neural time course and correlates."
Dissociation of automatic and strategic lexical-semantics: functional magnetic resonance imaging evidence for differing roles of multiple frontotemporal regions.
Rapid cortical reorganisation and improved sensitivity of the hand following cutaneous anaesthesia of the forearm.
"Decreased gray matter concentration in the insular, orbitofrontal, cingulate, and temporal cortices of cocaine patients."
Exercise intensity modulates the change in cerebral blood flow following aerobic  exercise in chronic stroke.
Specificity of regions processing biological motion.
Reduced cortical thickness in first episode schizophrenia.
"Evidence for normal letter-sound integration, but altered language pathways in a  case of recovered Landau-Kleffner Syndrome."
The Impact of Emotional States on Cognitive Control Circuitry and Function.
"Evidence for alterations in central noradrenergic signaling in irritable bowel syndrome,"
Increased facilitatory connectivity from the pre-SMA to the left dorsal premotor  cortex during pseudoword repetition.
Task-load-dependent activation of dopaminergic midbrain areas in the absence of reward.
The role of the human supplementary motor area in reactive motor operation.
Identifying the neural substrates of intrinsic motivation during task performance.
Statistical mapping of metabolites in the medial wall of the brain: A proton echo planar spectroscopic imaging study.
Dimensionality of ICA in resting-state fMRI investigated by feature optimized classification of independent components with SVM.
Functional magnetic resonance imaging of category-specific cortical activation: evidence for semantic maps.
"'Negativity bias' in risk for depression and anxiety: brain-body fear circuitry correlates, 5-HTT-LPR and early life stress."
Sex differences in white matter development during adolescence: A DTI study
Brain correlates of the intrinsic subjective cost of effort in sedentary volunteers.
Electrophysiological studies of human face perception. II: Response properties of face-specific potentials generated in occipitotemporal cortex.
Neural Correlates of Hostile Jokes: Cognitive and Motivational Processes in Humor Appreciation.
Effects of alexithymia and empathy on the neural processing of social and monetary rewards.
Abnormalities of Inter- and Intra-Hemispheric Functional Connectivity in Autism Spectrum Disorders: A Study Using the Autism Brain Imaging Data Exchange Database.
Neural correlates of semantic competition during processing of ambiguous words.
Abnormal Network Topographies and Changes in Global Activity: Absence of a Causal Relationship
The dopamine D2 receptor gene DRD2 and the nicotinic acetylcholine receptor gene CHRNA4 interact on striatal gray matter volume: Evidence from a genetic imaging study
A role for the intraparietal sulcus in transforming musical pitch information.
A Collaborator's Reputation Can Bias Decisions and Anxiety under Uncertainty.
Gender differences in the activation of inferior frontal cortex during emotional  speech perception.
Manipulating time-to-plan alters patterns of brain activation during the Fitts' task.
Perceptual specificity in visual object priming: functional magnetic resonance imaging evidence for a laterality difference in fusiform cortex.
An fMRI study on memory discriminability for complex visual scenes.
The neural correlates of trait resilience when anticipating and recovering from threat.
Predictability modulates human brain response to reward.
The Dorsal Medial Prefrontal Cortex Responds Preferentially to Social Interactions during Natural Viewing.
Assessment of memory/attention impairment in children with primary nocturnal enuresis: A voxel-based morphometry study
Effects of personality trait emotionality on acoustic startle response and prepulse inhibition including N100 and P200 event-related potential
MRI and fMRI analysis of oculomotor function.
Temporal gradient during famous face naming is associated with lower cerebral blood flow and gray matter volume in aging.
Parsing neural mechanisms of social and physical risk identifications.
Parietal cortex mediates conscious perception of illusory gestalt.
Evidence of Change in Brain Activity among Childhood Cancer Survivors Participating in a Cognitive Remediation Program
Atypical spatial working memory and task-general brain activity in adolescents with a family history of alcoholism
Influence of Alcohol Use and Family History of Alcoholism on Neural Response to Alcohol Cues in College Drinkers
Auditory conflict and congruence in frontotemporal dementia.
Longitudinal reproducibility of default-mode network connectivity in healthy elderly participants: A multicentric resting-state fMRI study.
The functional and temporal characteristics of top-down modulation in visual selection.
The importance of premotor cortex for supporting speech production after left capsular-putaminal damage.
Association of trait emotional intelligence and individual fMRI-activation patterns during the perception of social signals from voice and face.
"Neural Codes for One's Own Position and Direction in a Real-World ""Vista"" Environment."
Comparison of diffusion-weighted fMRI and BOLD fMRI responses in a verbal working memory task.
Midbrain response to milkshake correlates with ad libitum milkshake intake in the absence of hunger
Effects of working memory training on functional connectivity and cerebral blood flow during rest
Neural correlates of abstract verb processing.
Reduced Functional Connectivity within the Mesocorticolimbic System in Substance  Use Disorders: An fMRI Study of Puerto Rican Young Adults.
The temporal dynamics of the Muller-Lyer illusion.
Different neural pathways linking personality traits and eudaimonic well-being: a resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Functional MRI of brain activation evoked by intentional eye blinking.
Mapping the brain in autism. A voxel-based MRI study of volumetric differences and intercorrelations in autism.
Frontopolar activity and connectivity support dynamic conscious augmentation of creative state.
Losing the struggle to stay awake: divergent thalamic and cortical activity during microsleeps.
Paired pulse depression in the somatosensory cortex: associations between MEG and BOLD fMRI.
Self-referential and anxiety-relevant information processing in subclinical social anxiety: an fMRI study.
The mind of expert motor performance is cool and focused.
Dose-dependent effects of intravenous alcohol administration on cerebral blood flow in young adults.
Changes in fMRI activation in anterior hippocampus and motor cortex during memory retrieval after an intense exercise intervention.
Cortical folding patterns are associated with impulsivity in healthy young adults.
Closely overlapping responses to tools and hands in left lateral occipitotemporal cortex.
Knowing good from bad: differential activation of human cortical areas by positive and negative outcomes.
Direct comparison of neural systems mediating conscious and unconscious skill learning.
Neural mechanisms underlying urgent and evaluative behaviors: An fMRI study on the interaction of automatic and controlled processes.
Cortical mechanisms for acquisition and performance of bimanual motor sequences.
Altered functional connectivity in early Alzheimer's disease: a resting-state fMRI study.
Working memory of auditory localization.
Specialization in the default mode: Task-induced brain deactivations dissociate between visual working memory and attention.
Frontal glutamate and reward processing in adolescence and adulthood.
Development of the brain's default mode network from wakefulness to slow wave sleep.
Functional MRI study of a serial reaction time task in Huntington's disease.
Differential activation of the human trigeminal nuclear complex by noxious and non-noxious orofacial stimulation.
Qualitative differences in offline improvement of procedural memory by daytime napping and overnight sleep: An fMRI study.
Classical conditioning in borderline personality disorder: an fMRI study.
Brain activity related to integrative processes in visual object recognition: bottom-up integration and the modulatory influence of stored knowledge.
Default Network Activity Is Associated with Better Performance in a Vigilance Task.
Perfusion Deficits and Functional Connectivity Alterations in Memory-Related Regions of Patients with Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder.
Motivation-dependent responses in the human caudate nucleus.
A specific role of the human hippocampus in recall of temporal sequences.
Kinematic specificity of cortical reorganization associated with motor training.
Bilateral inferior frontal language-related activation correlates with verbal recall in patients with left temporal lobe epilepsy and typical language distribution
Attention systems and the organization of the human parietal cortex.
Decreased Subcortical and Increased Cortical Degree Centrality in a Nonclinical College Student Sample with Subclinical Depressive Symptoms: A Resting-State fMRI Study.
The neural basis of personal goal processing when envisioning future events.
Brain activation to phobia-related pictures in spider phobic humans: an event-related functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Primary and secondary neural networks of auditory prepulse inhibition: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study of sensorimotor gating of the human acoustic startle response.
Priming words with pictures: neural correlates of semantic associations in a cross-modal priming task using fMRI.
Early sensory cortex is activated in the absence of explicit input during crossmodal item retrieval: Evidence from MEG
Neural correlates of the emotional Stroop task in panic disorder patients: An event-related fMRI study
MR imaging of the effects of methylphenidate on brain structure and function in attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.
Cognitive control over motor output in Tourette syndrome
Inter-hemispheric language functional reorganization in low-grade glioma patients after tumour surgery.
"Disrupted network cross talk, hippocampal dysfunction and hallucinations in schizophrenia."
Prenatal cocaine exposure and gray matter volume in adolescent boys and girls: relationship to substance use initiation.
The functional anatomy of non-verbal (pitch memory) function in left and right anterior temporal lobectomy patients
Neural correlates of adaptation to gradual and to sudden visuomotor distortions in humans.
"COMT influences on prefrontal and striatal b responses during working memory among individuals with schizophrenia, their siblings and healthy controls"
Evidence for a frontoparietal control system revealed by intrinsic functional connectivity.
Concordance between distributed EEG source localization and simultaneous EEG-fMRI studies of epileptic spikes.
Monitoring coordination during bimanual movements: where is the mastermind?
It doesn't matter what you say: FMRI correlates of voice learning and recognition independent of speech content.
Imaging response inhibition in a stop-signal task: neural correlates independent  of signal monitoring and post-response processing.
Resting-State Fluctuations of EEG Sensorimotor Rhythm Reflect BOLD Activities in  the Pericentral Areas: A Simultaneous EEG-fMRI Study.
"Cortical responses to dynamic emotional facial expressions generalize across stimuli, and are sensitive to task-relevance, in adults with and without Autism."
Neurobiological systems for lexical representation and analysis in English.
Neural substrates for the recognition of newly learned faces: a functional MRI study.
Metabolic Brain Covariant Networks as Revealed by FDG-PET with Reference to Resting-State fMRI Networks
Neural control of vascular reactions: impact of emotion and attention.
Modulation of Neural Oscillatory Activity during Dynamic Face Processing.
Glutamate modulates resting state activity in the perigenual anterior cingulate cortex – A combined fMRI–MRS study
Effects of erythropoietin on emotional processing biases in patients with major depression: an exploratory fMRI study.
The neural sociometer: brain mechanisms underlying state self-esteem.
Insular and Anterior Cingulate Circuits in Smokers with Schizophrenia
Temporal and intensity coding of pain in human cortex.
Your goal is mine: unraveling mimetic desires in the human brain.
Functional neuroanatomy of three-term relational reasoning.
Mentalizing and the Role of the Posterior Superior Temporal Sulcus in Sharing Others' Embarrassment.
Neural coding of reward-prediction error signals during classical conditioning with attractive faces.
Quantile estimation to derive optimized test thresholds for random field statistics.
Effortful listening: the processing of degraded speech depends critically on attention.
Left and right occipital cortices differ in their response to spatial cueing.
Separating event-related BOLD components within trials: the partial-trial design  revisited.
Prefrontal cortical mechanisms underlying individual differences in cognitive flexibility and stability.
Brain systems mediating cognitive interference by emotional distraction.
"Emotional expressions in voice and music: same code, same effect?"
The Neural Representation of Abstract Words: The Role of Emotion.
Intracranial EEG evaluation of relationship within a resting state network.
The neural basis of temporal order processing in past and future thought.
Ipsilateral motor cortex activation on functional magnetic resonance imaging during unilateral hand movements is related to interhemispheric interactions.
Interhemispheric transmission of visuomotor information in humans: fMRI evidence.
When math operations have visuospatial meanings versus purely symbolic definitions: Which solving stages and brain regions are affected?
Interaction of brain areas of visual and vestibular simultaneous activity with fMRI.
Neural correlates of sensory preconditioning: a preliminary fMRI investigation.
Heart rate variability and its neural correlates during emotional face processing in social anxiety disorder.
Neural Signatures of Controlled and Automatic Retrieval Processes in Memory-based Decision-making.
Lesion evidence for the critical role of the intraparietal sulcus in spatial attention.
Structural neurobiological correlates of Mayer–Salovery–Caruso Emotional Intelligence Test performance in early course schizophrenia
Risk factors associated with cognitions for late-onset depression based on anterior and posterior default mode sub-networks.
The observation and execution of actions share motor and somatosensory voxels in  all tested subjects: single-subject analyses of unsmoothed fMRI data.
The functional and structural neural basis of individual differences in loss aversion.
Ketamine-dependent neuronal activation in healthy volunteers.
Brain activation during manipulation of the myoelectric prosthetic hand: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Sexual dimorphism in the parietal substrate associated with visuospatial cognition independent of general intelligence.
Distinct regions of right temporal cortex are associated with biological and human-agent motion: functional magnetic resonance imaging and neuropsychological  evidence.
Functional association of the amygdala and ventral prefrontal cortex during cognitive evaluation of facial expressions primed by masked angry faces: an event-related fMRI study.
Reduced Functional Connectivity of Prefrontal Regions and Amygdala Within Affect and Working Memory Networks in Pediatric Bipolar Disorder
Extrinsic and intrinsic systems in the posterior cortex of the human brain revealed during natural sensory stimulation.
Modulation of neural responses to speech by directing attention to voices or verbal content.
Audiovisual temporal correspondence modulates human multisensory superior temporal sulcus plus primary sensory cortices.
Effects of Delta9-tetrahydrocannabinol administration on human encoding and recall memory function: a pharmacological FMRI study.
The possibility of left dominant activation of the sensorimotor cortex during lip protrusion in men.
Perception of sound-source motion by the human brain.
Aberrant localization of synchronous hemodynamic activity in auditory cortex reliably characterizes schizophrenia.
Ipsilateral cortical activation in fibromyalgia patients during brushing correlates with symptom severity
Voxel-based analysis of MRI detects abnormal visual cortex in children and adults with amblyopia.
Global network modulation during thalamic stimulation for Tourette syndrome.
Network analysis of auditory hallucinations in nonpsychotic individuals.
Impaired top-down processes in schizophrenia: a DCM study of ERPs.
Community structure analysis of transcriptional networks reveals distinct molecular pathways for early- and late-onset temporal lobe epilepsy with childhood febrile seizures.
Posterior parietal cortex is implicated in continuous switching between verbal fluency tasks: an fMRI study with clinical implications.
Human amygdala activations during nasal chemoreception.
Brain connectivity abnormalities extend beyond the sensorimotor network in peripheral neuropathy.
Separating intra-modal and across-modal training effects in visual working memory: an fMRI investigation.
Hemispheric specialization during mental imagery of brisk walking.
The processing of visual shape in the cerebral cortex of human and nonhuman primates: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
The cognitive control network: Integrated cortical regions with dissociable functions.
"Is there a relation between novelty seeking, striatal dopamine release and frontal cortical thickness?"
Effect of rTMS on brain activation in schizophrenia with negative symptoms: A proof-of-principle study.
Rostral and dorsal anterior cingulate cortex make dissociable contributions during antisaccade error commission.
Resisting Sleep Pressure: Impact on Resting State Functional Network Connectivity.
Modeling hemodynamic responses in auditory cortex at 1.5 T using variable duration imaging acoustic noise.
The resting perfusion pattern associates with functional decline in type 2 diabetes.
APOE4 allele disrupts resting state fMRI connectivity in the absence of amyloid plaques or decreased CSF Abeta42.
Cortical brain responses during passive nonpainful median nerve stimulation at low frequencies (0.5-4 Hz): an fMRI study.
Brain regions associated with the expression and contextual regulation of anxiety in primates.
Semantic integration in reading: engagement of the right hemisphere during discourse processing.
Intention processing in communication: a common brain network for language and gestures.
Neuronal correlates of three attentional strategies during affective picture processing: an fMRI study.
Whole-brain haemodynamic after-effects of 1-Hz magnetic stimulation of the posterior superior temporal cortex during action observation.
Capture of auditory motion by vision is represented by an activation shift from auditory to visual motion cortex.
Changes in cerebral blood flow after transjugular intrahepatic portosystemic shunt can help predict the development of hepatic encephalopathy: An arterial spin labeling MR study
Language reorganization in children with early-onset lesions of the left hemisphere: an fMRI study.
"What Role Does ""Elongation"" Play in ""Tool-Specific"" Activation and Connectivity in the Dorsal and Ventral Visual Streams?"
Impaired Cross-Talk between Mesolimbic Food Reward Processing and Metabolic Signaling Predicts Body Mass Index.
The human voice areas: Spatial organization and inter-individual variability in temporal and extra-temporal cortices.
Cerebral regions processing first- and higher-order motion in an opposed-direction discrimination task.
Abnormal neural activity of brain regions in treatment-resistant and treatment-sensitive major depressive disorder: A resting-state fMRI study
Dopaminergic dysfunction in abstinent dexamphetamine users: results from a pharmacological fMRI study using a reward anticipation task and a methylphenidate challenge.
"Neural systems of social comparison and the ""above-average"" effect."
Differential brain responses to cries of infants with autistic disorder and typical development: An fMRI study
Separate modulations of human V1 associated with spatial attention and task structure.
Silent Expectations: Dynamic Causal Modeling of Cortical Prediction and Attention to Sounds That Weren't.
A cognitive fMRI study in non-manifesting LRRK2 and GBA carriers.
Increased amygdala activity during successful memory encoding in adolescent major depressive disorder: An FMRI study.
The neural mechanisms for minimizing cross-modal distraction.
Opposing influences of emotional and non-emotional distracters upon sustained prefrontal cortex activity during a delayed-response working memory task.
Clock drawing performance and brain morphology in mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer's disease.
Being and feeling in sync with an adaptive virtual partner: brain mechanisms underlying dynamic cooperativity.
Trial-by-trial coupling of concurrent electroencephalogram and functional magnetic resonance imaging identifies the dynamics of performance monitoring.
Neural mechanisms underlying the grouping effect in short-term memory.
The cerebral basis of mapping nonsymbolic numerical quantities onto abstract symbols: an fMRI training study.
"Stress and decision making: neural correlates of the interaction between stress,  executive functions, and decision making under risk."
Impact of lower- vs. upper-hemifield presentation on automatic colour-deviance detection: A visual mismatch negativity study
Commonality and specificity of acupuncture action at three acupoints as evidenced by fMRI
Direct visualization of cerebellar nuclei in patients with focal cerebellar lesions and its application for lesion-symptom mapping.
Semantic memory activation in amnestic mild cognitive impairment.
Tuning down the hedonic brain: Cognitive load reduces neural responses to high-calorie food pictures in the nucleus accumbens.
Fronto-striatal dysfunction and potential compensatory mechanisms in male adolescents with fragile X syndrome.
Selectivity for the human body in the fusiform gyrus.
Neural mechanisms of top-down control during spatial and feature attention.
Age-Dependent Relationships between Prefrontal Cortex Activation and Processing Efficiency
The posterior cingulate and medial prefrontal cortex mediate the anticipatory allocation of spatial attention.
Uncertainty during pain anticipation: The adaptive value of preparatory processes.
Cerebral functional deficits in patients with ankylosing spondylitis- an fMRI study.
Neural Mechanisms Underlying Visual Short-Term Memory Gain for Temporally Distinct Objects.
Neural correlates of expected risks and returns in risky choice across development.
Insular activity during passive viewing of aversive stimuli reflects individual differences in state negative affect.
Altered White Matter Integrity in Smokers Is Associated with Smoking Cessation Outcomes.
Sleep spindles predict neural and behavioral changes in motor sequence consolidation.
Task-relevant and accessory items in working memory have opposite effects on activity in extrastriate cortex.
Appetitive and aversive olfactory learning in humans studied using event-related  functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Functional magnetic resonance imaging of chronic dysarthric speech after childhood brain injury: reliance on a left-hemisphere compensatory network.
A neural system for evaluating the behavioural relevance of salient events outside the current focus of attention.
Developmental changes in patterns of brain activity associated with moment-to-moment adjustments in control
Reversed cerebellar asymmetry in men with first-episode schizophrenia.
Reduced reward anticipation in youth at high-risk for unipolar depression: a preliminary study.
Extinction learning in humans: role of the amygdala and vmPFC.
Regional fMRI Hypoactivation and Altered Functional Connectivity During Emotion Processing in Nonmedicated Depressed Patients With Bipolar II Disorder
Does Post-task Declarative Learning Have an Influence on Early Motor Memory Consolidation Over Day? An fMRI Study.
Functional parcellation of the operculo-insular cortex in perceptual decision making: An fMRI study
Relation of Brain Stimulation Induced Changes in MEP Amplitude and BOLD Signal
Kinesthetic working memory and action control within the dorsal stream.
Distinct neural responses used to gain insight into hallucinatory perception in patients with schizophrenia
Brain systems underlying encounter expectancy bias in spider phobia.
Origins of intersubject variability of blood oxygenation level dependent and arterial spin labeling fMRI: implications for quantification of brain activity
Selective functional connectivity abnormality of the transition zone of the inferior parietal lobule in schizophrenia.
The structural and functional correlates of the efficiency in fearful face detection.
Opposite effects of catechol-O-methyltransferase Val158Met on cortical function in healthy subjects and patients with schizophrenia.
A Neural Mechanism of Social Categorization.
Activation of Heschl's gyrus during auditory hallucinations.
Not what you expect: experience but not expectancy predicts conditioned responses in human visual and supplementary cortex.
BOLD response during visual perception of biological motion in obsessive-compulsive disorder : an fMRI study using the dynamic point-light animation paradigm.
Multivoxel patterns in face-sensitive temporal regions reveal an encoding schema based on detecting life in a face
Neural network involved in time perception: an fMRI study comparing long and short interval estimation.
Lorazepam dose-dependently decreases risk-taking related activation in limbic areas.
Asymmetry of parietal interhemispheric connections in humans.
A functional MRI study of cortical activations associated with object manipulation in patients with MS.
Testosterone during Puberty Shifts Emotional Control from Pulvinar to Anterior Prefrontal Cortex.
Alzheimer risk variant CLU and brain function during aging
"Functional organization of human intraparietal and frontal cortex for attending,  looking, and pointing."
Voxel Based Morphometry Alterations in Mal de Debarquement Syndrome.
"Patterns of brain reorganization subsequent to left fusiform damage: fMRI evidence from visual processing of words and pseudowords, faces and objects."
Neural simulation of actions: effector- versus action-specific motor maps within  the human premotor and posterior parietal area?
The interplay of cue modality and response latency in brain areas supporting crossmodal motor preparation: an event-related fMRI study.
Observing Others Speak or Sing Activates Spt and Neighboring Parietal Cortex.
How negative affect influences neural control processes underlying the resolution of cognitive interference: an event-related fMRI study.
Visual mental imagery induces retinotopically organized activation of early visual areas.
Deep grey matter MRI abnormalities and cognitive function in relapsing-remitting  multiple sclerosis.
Improved methods for fMRI studies of combined taste and aroma stimuli.
"Abnormal regional spontaneous neural activity in first-episode, treatment-naive patients with late-life depression: A resting-state fMRI study"
Increased self-focus in major depressive disorder is related to neural abnormalities in subcortical-cortical midline structures.
De-coupling of cognitive performance and cerebral functional response during working memory in schizophrenia.
ALTERED INSULA ACTIVATION DURING PAIN ANTICIPATION IN INDIVIDUALS RECOVERED FROM ANOREXIA NERVOSA: EVIDENCE OF INTEROCEPTIVE DYSREGULATION
Functional network connectivity of pain-related resting state networks in somatoform pain disorder: an exploratory fMRI study
Intrinsic network connectivity and own body perception in gender dysphoria.
Neuregulin 1 ICE-single nucleotide polymorphism in first episode schizophrenia correlates with cerebral activation in fronto-temporal areas.
Localization of cerebral functional deficits in patients with non-neuropsychiatric systemic lupus erythematosus.
A neural basis for the perception of voices in external auditory space.
Close-range blast exposure is associated with altered functional connectivity in  Veterans independent of concussion symptoms at time of exposure.
Perceptual plasticity is mediated by connectivity changes of the medial thalamic  nucleus.
A multimodal neural network recruited by expertise with musical notation.
The influence of emotional associations on the neural correlates of semantic priming.
Neural Mechanisms of Emotion Regulation in Autism Spectrum Disorder.
The spatial attention network interacts with limbic and monoaminergic systems to  modulate motivation-induced attention shifts.
Disentangling linear and nonlinear brain responses to evoked deep tissue pain
A scaffold for efficiency in the human brain.
No difference in frontal cortical activity during an executive functioning task after acute doses of aripiprazole and haloperidol.
Parametric coordinate-based meta-analysis: Valid effect size meta-analysis of studies with differing statistical thresholds
Temporal cortex reflects effects of sentence context on phonetic processing.
The Neural Correlates of Hierarchical Predictions for Perceptual Decisions.
Dissociable effects of motivation and expectancy on conflict processing: an FMRI  study.
"Source-reconstruction of event-related fields reveals hyperfunction and hypofunction of cortical circuits in antipsychotic-naive, first-episode schizophrenia patients during Mooney face processing."
Brain gray matter phenotypes across the psychosis dimension.
Inference for magnitudes and delays of responses in the FIAC data using BRAINSTAT/FMRISTAT.
Silent event-related fMRI reveals deficient motor and enhanced somatosensory activation in orofacial dystonia.
The human action recognition system and its relationship to Broca's area: an fMRI study.
Concurrent synaptic and systems memory consolidation during sleep.
Positive and negative modulation of word learning by reward anticipation.
Dissecting structure-function interactions in acute optic neuritis to investigate neuroplasticity.
Gamma Activation in Young People with Autism Spectrum Disorders and Typically-Developing Controls When Viewing Emotions on Faces
Evidence of enhancement of spatial attention during inhibition of a visuo-motor response.
Time is nothing: emotional consistency of autobiographical memory and its neural  basis.
Neuroanatomical Dissections of Unilateral Visual Neglect Symptoms: ALE Meta-Analysis of Lesion-Symptom Mapping
Neural systems mediating recognition of changes in statistical regularities
The changing landscape of functional brain networks for face processing in typical development
Multivariate Classification of Major Depressive Disorder Using the Effective Connectivity and Functional Connectivity.
Musical training intensity yields opposite effects on grey matter density in cognitive versus sensorimotor networks.
Functional roles of the cingulo-frontal network in performance on working memory.
Using fMRI to dissociate sensory encoding from cognitive evaluation of heat pain  intensity.
Neural circuits of emotion regulation: a comparison of mindfulness-based and cognitive reappraisal strategies.
A functional dissociation of conflict processing within anterior cingulate cortex.
Abnormal processing of speech during oddball target detection in schizophrenia.
Development of functional connectivity during adolescence: a longitudinal study using an action-observation paradigm.
Modulation of spatial attention by fear-conditioned stimuli: an event-related fMRI study.
Enter feelings: somatosensory responses following early stages of visual induction of emotion.
Hippocampal activation during retrieval of spatial context from episodic and semantic memory.
fMRI changes in cortical activation during task performance with the unaffected hand partially reverse after ropinirole treatment in de novo Parkinson's disease
Effects of D-cycloserine on extinction of mesolimbic cue reactivity in alcoholism: a randomized placebo-controlled trial.
Neural systems underlying the recognition of familiar and newly learned faces.
Conscious and unconscious processing of nonverbal predictability in Wernicke's area.
The default network distinguishes construals of proximal versus distal events.
The time course of the BOLD response in the human auditory cortex to acoustic stimuli of different duration.
Order and magnitude share a common representation in parietal cortex.
Telling truth from lie in individual subjects with fast event-related fMRI.
Functional segregation within pars opercularis of the inferior frontal gyrus: evidence from fMRI studies of imitation and action observation.
Attention to simultaneous unrelated auditory and visual events: behavioral and neural correlates.
Emotional words induce enhanced brain activity in schizophrenic patients with auditory hallucinations.
Word retrieval learning modulates right frontal cortex in patients with left frontal damage.
Differential amygdala activation during emotional decision and recognition memory tasks using unpleasant words: an fMRI study.
Mapping a multidimensional emotion in response to television commercials.
Cholinergic enhancement modulates neural correlates of selective attention and emotional processing.
Human cortical object recognition from a visual motion flowfield.
Selective neurophysiologic responses to music in instrumentalists with different  listening biographies.
Atypical patterns of cerebral motor activation in autism: a functional magnetic resonance study.
Abnormal Amygdala and Prefrontal Cortex Activation to Facial Expressions in Pediatric Bipolar Disorder
Neurophysiological differences in the adolescent brain following a single night of restricted sleep - A 7T fMRI study.
Effects of long-term practice and task complexity in musicians and nonmusicians performing simple and complex motor tasks: implications for cortical motor organization.
Activation in visual cortex correlates with the awareness of stereoscopic depth.
Inhibitory saccadic dysfunction is associated with cerebellar injury in multiple  sclerosis.
Predicting effective connectivity from resting-state networks in healthy elderly  and patients with prodromal Alzheimer's disease.
Lateralization of the human mirror neuron system.
Appetite at high altitude: an fMRI study on the impact of prolonged high-altitude residence on gustatory neural processing.
Altered Resting Brain Function and Structure in Professional Badminton Players
Maintenance of spatial and motor codes during oculomotor delayed response tasks.
Influence of the normalization template on the outcome of statistical parametric  mapping of PET scans.
"Specialisation in Broca's region for semantic, phonological, and syntactic fluency?"
Internal vs external generation of movements: differential neural pathways involved in bimanual coordination performed in the presence or absence of augmented visual feedback.
Attention and processing speed performance in multiple sclerosis is mostly related to thalamic volume.
Phenotypic regional functional imaging patterns during memory encoding in mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer's disease
Activation Patterns throughout the Word Processing Network of L1-dominant Bilinguals Reflect Language Similarity and Language Decisions.
Differential cerebellar and cortical involvement according to various attentional load: role of educational level.
Similar frontal and distinct posterior cortical regions mediate visual and auditory perceptual awareness.
Behavioral and neural properties of social reinforcement learning.
Facial color processing in the face-selective regions: An fMRI study.
Neural correlates of dystonic tremor: a multimodal study of voice tremor in spasmodic dysphonia.
Is social categorization based on relational ingroup/outgroup opposition? A meta-analysis
Emotion-specific nocebo effects: an fMRI study.
Scary symptoms? Functional magnetic resonance imaging evidence for symptom interpretation bias in pathological health anxiety.
The neurobiology of glucocerebrosidase-associated parkinsonism: a positron emission tomography study of dopamine synthesis and regional cerebral blood flow
Aberrant Functional Network Connectivity as a Biomarker of Generalized Anxiety Disorder.
Functional neuronal processing of body odors differs from that of similar common  odors.
EEG marker of inhibitory brain activity correlates with resting-state cerebral blood flow in the reward system in major depression.
Audiovisual synchrony improves motion discrimination via enhanced connectivity between early visual and auditory areas.
Distinct Neural Suppression and Encoding Effects for Conceptual Novelty and Familiarity.
Effects of astrocytic dynamics on spatiotemporal hemodynamics: Modeling and enhanced data analysis.
Brain networks involved in early versus late response anticipation and their relation to conflict processing.
Differential frontal activation in schizophrenia and bipolar illness during verbal fluency.
Neural substrates underlying the tendency to accept anger-infused ultimatum offers during dynamic social interactions.
A comparison of two FMRI protocols for eliciting hippocampal activation.
Separating brain processing of pain from that of stimulus intensity.
Longitudinal Alterations of Frontoparietal and Frontotemporal Networks Predict Future Creative Cognitive Ability.
Sex differences in the functional and structural neuroanatomy of dental phobia.
A voxel-based investigation of brain structure in male adolescents with autistic  spectrum disorder.
Not All Reading Disabilities Are Dyslexia: Distinct Neurobiology of Specific Comprehension Deficits
Whole brain functional connectivity in the early blind.
Functional networks and structural connectivity of visuospatial and visuoperceptual working memory.
Mere Exposure: Preference Change for Novel Drinks Reflected in Human Ventral Tegmental Area.
Functional magnetic resonance imaging during emotion recognition in social anxiety disorder: an activation likelihood meta-analysis
Effects of prior information on decoding degraded speech: an fMRI study.
Pain enhances functional connectivity of a brain network evoked by performance of a cognitive task.
Separate brain regions code for salience vs. valence during reward prediction in  humans.
Disrupted thalamic resting-state functional connectivity in patients with minimal hepatic encephalopathy
Memory-based decision-making with heuristics: evidence for a controlled activation of memory representations.
Gender differences in creative thinking: behavioral and fMRI findings.
Essential tremor is associated with disruption of functional connectivity in the  ventral intermediate Nucleus--Motor Cortex--Cerebellum circuit.
Net influx of plasma 6-[18F]fluoro-L-DOPA (FDOPA) to the ventral striatum correlates with prefrontal processing of affective stimuli.
"Natural vision reveals regional specialization to local motion and to contrast-invariant, global flow in the human brain."
Song and speech: brain regions involved with perception and covert production.
Neural correlates of the spatial and expectancy components of endogenous and stimulus-driven orienting of attention in the Posner task.
Neural Activation During Mental Rotation in Complete Androgen Insensitivity Syndrome: the Influence of Sex Hormones and Sex Chromosomes.
Compensatory activations in patients with multiple sclerosis during preserved performance on the auditory N-back task.
Slow biasing of processing resources in early visual cortex is preceded by emotional cue extraction in emotion-attention competition.
Structural but not functional neuroplasticity one year after effective cognitive  behaviour therapy for social anxiety disorder.
Medial prefrontal cortex and self-referential mental activity: relation to a default mode of brain function.
A functional neuroimaging study assessing gender differences in the neural mechanisms underlying the ability to resist impulsive desires.
Neural correlates for feeling-of-knowing: an fMRI parametric analysis.
Brain-Derived Neurotrophic Factor (BDNF) Val66Met Polymorphism Differentially Predicts Hippocampal Function in Medication-Free Patients with Schizophrenia
Association of MTHFR C677T polymorphism with schizophrenia and its effect on episodic memory and gray matter density in patients
Prefrontal and temporal gray matter density decreases in opiate dependence.
Meditation-related activations are modulated by the practices needed to obtain it and by the expertise: an ALE meta-analysis study
Learning to like: a role for human orbitofrontal cortex in conditioned reward.
Social equality in the number of choice options is represented in the ventromedial prefrontal cortex.
Neural correlates of spontaneous deception: A functional near-infrared spectroscopy (fNIRS) study
Methylphenidate Normalizes Resting-State Brain Dysfunction in Boys With Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder
Stress modulates the engagement of multiple memory systems in classification learning.
"A functional investigation of RAN letters, digits, and objects: How similar are they?"
Where is a nose with respect to a foot? The left posterior parietal cortex processes spatial relationships among body parts.
The subcortical cocktail problem; mixed signals from the subthalamic nucleus and  substantia nigra.
Functional and structural cortical characteristics after restricted focal motor cortical infarction evaluated at chronic stage - Indications from a preliminary study.
fMRI BOLD response to increasing task difficulty during successful paired associates learning.
Searching for a structural endophenotype in psychosis using computational morphometry.
Similar hyporesponsiveness of the dorsomedial prefrontal cortex in problem gamblers and heavy smokers during an inhibitory control task.
Memory Contextualization: The Role of Prefrontal Cortex in Functional Integration across Item and Context Representational Regions.
The role of V5 (hMT+) in visually guided hand movements: an fMRI study.
"Associations Between Daily Mood States and Brain Gray Matter Volume, Resting-State Functional Connectivity and Task-Based Activity in Healthy Adults."
Working memory training is associated with lower prefrontal cortex activation in a divergent thinking task
Contributions of low and high spatial frequency processing to impaired object recognition circuitry in schizophrenia.
Electrical Neuroimaging of Music Processing Reveals Mid-Latency Changes with Level of Musical Expertise.
Distributed value representation in the medial prefrontal cortex during intertemporal choices.
Cross-modal comparisons of stimulus specificity and commonality in phonological processing.
The 5-HTTLPR polymorphism is associated with altered hemodynamic responses during appetitive conditioning.
The functional neuroanatomy of social behaviour: changes in cerebral blood flow when people with autistic disorder process facial expressions.
Spatial frequency of visual image modulates neural responses in the temporo-occipital lobe. An investigation with event-related fMRI.
Brain activity elicited by viewing pictures of the own virtually amputated body predicts xenomelia.
Neural processing of what and who information in speech.
The functional anatomy of suggested limb paralysis
Cortical mechanisms of retinal and extraretinal smooth pursuit eye movements to different target velocities.
From personal fear to mass panic: The neurological basis of crowd perception.
Rapid visuomotor preparation in the human brain: a functional MRI study.
An improvement of independent component analysis with projection method applied to multi-task fMRI data
Repetition Enhancement of Amygdala and Visual Cortex Functional Connectivity Reflects Nonconscious Memory for Negative Visual Stimuli.
Linking pain and the body: neural correlates of visually induced analgesia.
Naloxone-Reversible Modulation of Pain Circuitry by Left Prefrontal rTMS
A functional magnetic resonance imaging study of working memory abnormalities in  schizophrenia.
Early visual responses predict conscious face perception within and between subjects during binocular rivalry
Dynamic reconfiguration of frontal brain networks during executive cognition in humans.
The dopaminergic midbrain participates in human episodic memory formation: evidence from genetic imaging.
Abnormal brain default-mode network functional connectivity in drug addicts.
Virtual 10-20 measurement on MR images for inter-modal linking of transcranial and tomographic neuroimaging methods.
Structural and functional changes across the visual cortex of a patient with visual form agnosia.
Distinct cortical pathways for processing tool versus animal sounds.
Impact of schizophrenia-risk gene dysbindin 1 on brain activation in bilateral middle frontal gyrus during a working memory task in healthy individuals.
Developmental differences of neurocognitive networks for phonological and semantic processing in Chinese word reading.
Reading with the ears.
Heterosexual men and women both show a hypothalamic response to the chemo-signal  androstadienone.
The precuneus and the insula in self-attributional processes.
Polymodal conceptual processing of human biological actions in the left inferior  frontal lobe.
Resting state functional MRI connectivity predicts hypothalamus-pituitary-axis status in healthy males
Neurophysiological factors in human information processing capacity.
Errors and conflict at the task level and the response level.
A relation between rest and the self in the brain?
The COMT Val/Met polymorphism is associated with reading related skills and consistent patterns of functional neural activation
Amygdala response to facial expressions in children and adults.
Linear age-correlated functional development of right inferior fronto-striato-cerebellar networks during response inhibition and anterior cingulate during error-related processes.
Age-related neural correlates of cognitive task performance under increased postural load
Reduced amygdala reactivity and impaired working memory during dissociation in borderline personality disorder.
Human medial frontal cortex activity predicts learning from errors.
Cortical activity in precision- versus power-grip tasks: an fMRI study.
Differential modulation of activity related to the anticipation of monetary gains and losses across the menstrual cycle.
Dichotic listening reveals functional specificity in prefrontal cortex: an fMRI study.
Neural correlates of music recognition in Down syndrome
Brain activation deficit in increased-load working memory tasks among adults with ADHD using fMRI.
Altered C-tactile processing in human dynamic tactile allodynia
Neural interaction between spatial domain and spatial reference frame in parietal-occipital junction.
Communication with emblematic gestures: shared and distinct neural correlates of  expression and reception.
Dopamine D(1) receptors and age differences in brain activation during working memory.
Deceptive but Not Honest Manipulative Actions Are Associated with Increased Interaction between Middle and Inferior Frontal gyri.
The functional architecture of the infant brain as revealed by resting-state fMRI.
The anterior midcingulate cortex as a neural node underlying hostility in young adults.
How attention modulates encoding of dynamic stimuli in older adults.
"Functional magnetic resonance imaging and transcranial magnetic stimulation: effects of motor imagery, movement and coil orientation."
Differences in the neuronal response to food in obesity-resistant as compared to obesity-prone individuals
The neural basis of predicting the outcomes of imagined actions.
Phonetic perceptual identification by native- and second-language speakers differentially activates brain regions involved with acoustic phonetic processing and those involved with articulatory-audito
Multisensory speech perception without the left superior temporal sulcus.
Perfectionism mediated the relationship between brain structure variation and negative emotion in a nonclinical sample.
Auditory-somatosensory multisensory processing in auditory association cortex: an fMRI study.
Neural mechanisms of the testosterone-aggression relation: the role of orbitofrontal cortex.
"Neural activations at the junction of the inferior frontal sulcus and the inferior precentral sulcus: interindividual variability, reliability, and association with sulcal morphology."
From fear to safety and back: reversal of fear in the human brain.
Opposing effects of aging on large-scale brain systems for memory encoding and cognitive control.
The effects of a single night of sleep deprivation on fluency and prefrontal cortex function during divergent thinking.
Decoding gender dimorphism of the human brain using multimodal anatomical and diffusion MRI data
Domain-General Brain Regions Do Not Track Linguistic Input as Closely as Language-Selective Regions.
Face repetition effects in implicit and explicit memory tests as measured by fMRI.
Brain activity during visuomotor behavior triggered by arbitrary and spatially constrained cues: an fMRI study in humans.
Reappraisal of the anatomical landmarks of motor and premotor cortical regions for image-guided brain navigation in TMS practice.
Physical temperature effects on trust behavior: the role of insula.
Regional cortical thickness and subcortical volume changes in patients with metabolic syndrome.
Distinct prefrontal cortex activity associated with item memory and source memory for visual shapes.
Differential effects of syntactic and semantic processing on the subregions of Broca's area.
Increased striatal functional connectivity with auditory cortex in tinnitus.
Auditory mismatch impairments are characterized by core neural dysfunctions in schizophrenia.
Genetic variation of the alpha2b-adrenoceptor affects neural correlates of successful emotional memory formation.
Subjective sense of memory strength and the objective amount of information accurately remembered are related to distinct neural correlates at encoding.
Selection of events in time enhances activity throughout early visual cortex.
Intrinsic connectivity networks and personality: The temperament dimension harm avoidance moderates functional connectivity in the resting brain
Propensity to obesity impacts the neuronal response to energy imbalance.
Human regional cerebral glucose metabolism during non-rapid eye movement sleep in relation to waking.
Common and dissociable prefrontal loci associated with component mechanisms of analogical reasoning.
Executive performance is related to regional gray matter volume in healthy older  individuals.
Age-related differences in the neural correlates of empathy for pleasant and unpleasant touch in a female sample.
The neural basis of improved cognitive performance by threat of shock.
CNS BOLD fMRI Effects of Sham-Controlled Transcutaneous Electrical Nerve Stimulation in the Left Outer Auditory Canal – A Pilot Study
Intensive Working Memory Training Produces Functional Changes in Large-scale Frontoparietal Networks.
Spatial and effector processing in the human parietofrontal network for reaches and saccades.
Working Memory Load Strengthens Reward Prediction Errors.
The neuroanatomy of pure apraxia of speech in stroke.
Contingency learning in human fear conditioning involves the ventral striatum.
Functional neuroanatomy of mental rotation.
The Importance of Spatiotemporal Information in Biological Motion Perception: White Noise Presented with a Step-like Motion Activates the Biological Motion Area.
Upregulation of emotion areas through neurofeedback with a focus on positive mood.
White matter development during childhood and adolescence: a cross-sectional diffusion tensor imaging study.
Reduced Gray Matter Volume in the Social Brain Network in Adults with Autism Spectrum Disorder.
Conflict and cognitive control during sentence comprehension: recruitment of a frontal network during the processing of Spanish object-first sentences.
Simultaneous EEG-fMRI reveals attention-dependent coupling of early face processing with a distributed cortical network.
Altered inhibition-related frontolimbic connectivity in obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Shared and nonshared neural networks of cognitive and affective theory-of-mind: a neuroimaging study using cartoon picture stories.
Neural systems underlying learning and representation of global motion.
The transfer of a timing pattern to the untrained human hand investigated with functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Intact inhibitory control processes in abstinent drug abusers (I): A functional neuroimaging study in former cocaine addicts
Assessment of rodent brain activity using combined [(15)O]H2O-PET and BOLD-fMRI.
Default Mode Network Functional Connectivity Altered in Failed Back Surgery Syndrome
Simulating laminar neuroimaging data for a visual delayed match-to-sample task.
Overlapping neural regions for processing rapid temporal cues in speech and nonspeech signals.
Mapping of secondary somatosensory cortex activation induced by vibrational stimulation: an fMRI study.
The effect of exogenous cortisol during sleep on the behavioral and neural correlates of emotional memory consolidation in humans
Neural mechanisms associated with treatment decision making: An fMRI study.
An event-related functional magnetic resonance imaging study of voluntary and stimulus-driven orienting of attention.
Prefrontal set activity predicts rule-specific neural processing during subsequent cognitive performance.
Differential amygdala response during facial recognition in patients with schizophrenia: an fMRI study.
Spatial attention and memory versus motor preparation: premotor cortex involvement as revealed by fMRI.
Mirroring the Social Aspects of Speech and Actions: The Role of the Insula.
Oxytocin improves behavioural and neural deficits in inferring others' social emotions in autism.
Differential Effects of Encoding Instructions on Brain Activity Patterns of Item  and Associative Memory.
Detecting fearful and neutral faces: BOLD latency differences in amygdala-hippocampal junction.
ERP and fMRI correlates of endogenous and exogenous focusing of visual-spatial attention.
How do we decide what to do? Resting-state connectivity patterns and components of self-generated thought linked to the development of more concrete personal goals.
Listening to musical rhythms recruits motor regions of the brain.
Metacognitive ability correlates with hippocampal and prefrontal microstructure.
Gray matter and white matter abnormalities in online game addiction
Clinical and cognitive correlations of regional gray matter atrophy in progressive supranuclear palsy
A functional magnetic resonance imaging study mapping the episodic memory encoding network in temporal lobe epilepsy.
Neural underpinnings of impaired predictive motor timing in children with Developmental Coordination Disorder
Functional MRI study of response inhibition in myoclonus dystonia
Neural Correlates of Explicit Social Judgments on Vocal Stimuli.
A preliminary study suggests that nicotine and prefrontal dopamine affect cortico-striatal areas in smokers with performance feedback
Listening in silence activates auditory areas: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Do simple intransitive finger movements consistently activate frontoparietal mirror neuron areas in humans?
Decision-making in Polydrug Amphetamine-type Stimulant Users: an fMRI Study
Inferring a dual-stream model of mentalizing from associative white matter fibres disconnection.
Affective and sensorimotor components of emotional prosody generation.
"Error monitoring using external feedback: specific roles of the habenular complex, the reward system, and the cingulate motor area revealed by functional magnetic resonance imaging."
Women's Preference for a Male Acquaintance Enhances Social Reward Processing of Material Goods in the Anterior Cingulate Cortex.
Memory reactivation in healthy aging: evidence of stimulus-specific dedifferentiation.
Audio-visual speech processing in age-related hearing loss: Stronger integration  and increased frontal lobe recruitment.
Brain activation for consonants and vowels.
An FMRI investigation of attributing negative social treatment to racial discrimination.
Frontoparietal activation with preparation for antisaccades.
Beyond cognitive reserve: Behavioural reserve hypothesis in Frontotemporal Dementia
Temporal components in the parahippocampal place area revealed by human intracerebral recordings.
Distributed sensitivity for movement amplitude in directionally tuned neuronal populations.
The evaluative role of rostrolateral prefrontal cortex in rule-based category learning.
Reduction of gray matter density in the extrastriate body area in women with anorexia nervosa.
Neural mechanisms underlying reaching for remembered targets cued kinesthetically or visually in left or right hemispace.
Brain differences in first-episode schizophrenia treated with quetiapine: a deformation-based morphometric study.
Effects of visual deprivation on the organization of the semantic system.
Physiological self-regulation of regional brain activity using real-time functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI): methodology and exemplary data.
A multi-methodological MR resting state network analysis to assess the changes in brain physiology of children with ADHD.
Retrieval Demands Adaptively Change Striatal Old/New Signals and Boost Subsequent Long-Term Memory.
The desire for healthy limb amputation: structural brain correlates and clinical  features of xenomelia.
Diffusion tensor imaging study of white matter fiber tracts in adolescent attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder
Motivation alters response bias and neural activation patterns in a perceptual decision-making task
Decreased effective connectivity in the visuomotor system after alcohol consumption
Acupuncture modulates the abnormal brainstem activity in migraine without aura patients.
Endogenous and exogenous attention shifts are mediated by the same large-scale neural network.
How emotion context modulates unconscious goal activation during motor force exertion.
Neural representations of events arise from temporal community structure
The role of the inferior parietal cortex in linking the tactile perception and manual construction of object shapes.
Neural correlates of human body perception.
Happy facial expression processing with different social interaction cues: An fMRI study of individuals with schizotypal personality traits
Are action and perception in near and far space additive or interactive factors?
Somatotopic representation of pain in the primary somatosensory cortex (S1) in humans
Neural activity associated with episodic memory for emotional context.
Human precentral cortical activation patterns during saccade tasks: an fMRI comparison with activation during intentional eyeblink tasks.
Early life trauma and directional brain connectivity within major depression.
Touching and feeling: differences in pleasant touch processing between glabrous and hairy skin in humans.
Processing of a simple aversive conditioned stimulus in a divided visual field paradigm: an fMRI study.
Cerebellar contributions to visuomotor adaptation and motor sequence learning: an ALE meta-analysis
Effect of aging on the cerebral processing of thermal pain in the human brain.
Activation of brain areas concerned with social cognition during moral decisions is abnormal in schizophrenia patients and unaffected siblings
Impaired visual processing preceding image recognition in Parkinson's disease patients with visual hallucinations.
The human inferior parietal lobule in stereotaxic space.
Multiparametric mapping of neurological soft signs in healthy adults.
Bilateral recruitment of prefrontal cortex in working memory is associated with task demand but not with age.
Prefrontal cortical involvement in verbal encoding strategies.
Brain default-mode network abnormalities in hepatic encephalopathy: a resting-state functional MRI study.
Interhemispheric functional connectivity and its relationships with clinical characteristics in major depressive disorder: a resting state fMRI study.
Cortical activation to indoor versus outdoor scenes: an fMRI study.
Sleep and Cortisol Interact to Support Memory Consolidation.
Neuroanatomical correlates of olfactory performance.
Amygdala hyperreactivity in borderline personality disorder: implications for emotional dysregulation.
Dopaminergic neuromodulation of semantic processing: a 4-T FMRI study with levodopa.
Feel between the lines: implied emotion in sentence comprehension.
Subtypes of trait impulsivity differentially correlate with neural responses to food choices.
Functional imaging as a predictor of schizophrenia.
Differing causal roles for lateral occipital cortex and occipital face area in invariant shape recognition.
Directing attention to locations and to sensory modalities: multiple levels of selective processing revealed with PET.
"Decreased interhemispheric resting-state functional connectivity in first-episode, drug-naive major depressive disorder"
Prefrontal gray matter morphology mediates the association between serum anticholinergicity and cognitive functioning in early course schizophrenia
Dynamic changes in the mental rotation network revealed by pattern recognition analysis of fMRI data.
Brain activity during automatic semantic priming revealed by event-related functional magnetic resonance imaging.
"Functional anatomy and differential time courses of neural processing for explicit, inferred, and illusory contours. An event-related fMRI study."
Neural Signatures of Spatial Statistical Learning: Characterizing the Extraction  of Structure from Complex Visual Scenes.
Increased amygdala and parahippocampal gyrus activation in schizophrenic patients with auditory hallucinations: an fMRI study using independent component analysis.
Intraparietal Sulcus Activity and Functional Connectivity Supporting Spatial Working Memory Manipulation.
Cerebellum and cognition: evidence for the encoding of higher order rules.
Functional Networks in Temporal-Lobe Epilepsy: A Voxel-Wise Study of Resting-State Functional Connectivity and Gray-Matter Concentration
Hippocampal contributions to the processing of social emotions.
Activation of frontoparietal cortices during memorized triple-step sequences of saccadic eye movements: an fMRI study.
Voice recognition and cross-modal responses to familiar speakers' voices in prosopagnosia.
Altered topological properties of the cortical motor-related network in patients  with subcortical stroke revealed by graph theoretical analysis.
Neural substrates of low-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation during movement in healthy subjects and acute stroke patients. A PET study.
The dark side of the alpha rhythm: fMRI evidence for induced alpha modulation during complete darkness.
Brain activations during conscious self-monitoring of speech production with delayed auditory feedback: an fMRI study.
Coupling between Theta Oscillations and Cognitive Control Network during Cross-Modal Visual and Auditory Attention: Supramodal vs Modality-Specific Mechanisms.
Working memory in preterm-born adults: Load-dependent compensatory activity of the posterior default mode network.
Stem cell therapy: A clinical trial of stroke
Impaired decision-making and brain shrinkage in alcoholism
Eye position-dependent activity in the primary visual area as revealed by fMRI.
Working memory in schizotypal personality disorder: fMRI activation and deactivation differences.
Effects of a body-oriented response measure on the neural substrate of imagined perspective rotations.
Temporal integration of speech prosody is shaped by language experience: an fMRI  study.
Trade-off between capacity and precision in visuospatial working memory.
The impact of the posterior parietal and dorsolateral prefrontal cortices on the  optimization of long-term versus immediate value.
When do people cooperate? The neuroeconomics of prosocial decision making
Language and its interacting components: the right hemisphere hypothesis in derivational morphology.
Intrinsic brain abnormalities in irritable bowel syndrome and effect of anxiety and depression.
Neural substrates of tactile object recognition: an fMRI study.
A new paradigm (Westphal-Paradigm) to study the neural correlates of panic disorder with agoraphobia.
Cortisol modifies extinction learning of recently acquired fear in men.
Structural brain imaging of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.
Striatocortical pathway dysfunction in addiction and obesity: differences and similarities
Default network connectivity during a working memory task.
Personality predicts the brain's response to viewing appetizing foods: the neural basis of a risk factor for overeating.
Aberrant neurocognitive processing of fear in young girls with Turner syndrome
Friend versus foe: Neural correlates of prosocial decisions for liked and disliked peers.
Nonlinear response of the anterior cingulate and prefrontal cortex in schizophrenia as a function of variable attentional control.
Neural correlates of altered response inhibition and dysfunctional connectivity at rest in obsessive–compulsive disorder
Pre-existing brain states predict aesthetic judgments.
Parametric manipulation of conflict and response competition using rapid mixed-trial event-related fMRI.
Abnormal activity in hypothalamus and amygdala during humour processing in human  narcolepsy with cataplexy.
Effects of pramipexole on the processing of rewarding and aversive taste stimuli.
Driving plasticity in human adult motor cortex is associated with improved motor  function after brain injury.
When all hypotheses are right: a multifocal account of dyslexia.
MRI Shows that Exhaustion Syndrome Due to Chronic Occupational Stress is Associated with Partially Reversible Cerebral Changes.
"The effects of N-Acetylcysteine on frontostriatal resting-state functional connectivity, withdrawal symptoms and smoking abstinence: A double-blind, placebo-controlled fMRI pilot study."
Prefrontal cortical thickness in first-episode psychosis: a magnetic resonance imaging study.
Differentiating intended sensory outcome from underlying motor actions in the human brain.
Neural correlates of anticipation risk reflect risk preferences.
fMRI study of mesial temporal lobe epilepsy using amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation analysis.
Neural mechanism of placebo effects and cognitive reappraisal in emotion regulation
Cortical motor areas in plantar response: an event-related functional magnetic resonance imaging study in normal subjects.
Bayesian model selection of template forward models for EEG source reconstruction.
Perceptual criteria in the human brain.
Brain anatomy and sensorimotor gating in Asperger's syndrome.
Unaware Processing of Tools in the Neural System for Object-Directed Action Representation.
Reduced 5-HT2A receptor binding after recovery from anorexia nervosa.
Oestrogens are Not Related to Emotional Processing: a Study of Regional Brain Activity in Female-to-Male Transsexuals Under Gonadal Suppression.
Sex-linked neuroanatomical basis of human altruistic cooperativeness.
Dynamic Trial-by-Trial Recoding of Task-Set Representations in the Frontoparietal Cortex Mediates Behavioral Flexibility.
Distinct frontal networks are involved in adapting to internally and externally signaled errors.
Default mode network connectivity encodes clinical pain: An arterial spin labeling study
Prefrontal Dysfunction during Emotion Regulation in Generalized Anxiety and Panic Disorder
Fear bradycardia and activation of the human periaqueductal grey
Neural correlates of decision making with explicit information about probabilities and incentives in elderly healthy subjects.
"fMRI-derived cortical maps for haptic shape, texture, and hardness."
Brain Network Mechanisms Underlying Motor Enhancement by Transcranial Entrainment of Gamma Oscillations.
Trusting our memories: dissociating the neural correlates of confidence in veridical versus illusory memories.
Tagging cortical networks in emotion: a topographical analysis.
Indices of repetitive behaviour are correlated with patterns of intrinsic functional connectivity in youth with autism spectrum disorder.
Neural circuitry underlying effects of context on human pain-related fear extinction in a renewal paradigm.
Vascular dynamics and BOLD fMRI: CBF level effects and analysis considerations.
Competition between functional brain networks mediates behavioral variability.
Association between educational attainment and amyloid deposition across the spectrum from normal cognition to dementia: neuroimaging evidence for protection  and compensation.
Relevance of Brain Lesion Location to Cognition in Relapsing Multiple Sclerosis
Aha!: The neural correlates of verbal insight solutions.
Experience-dependent modulation of category-related cortical activity.
Decreased Default Network Connectivity is Associated with Early Life Stress in Medication-Free Healthy Adults
Resting state basal ganglia network in idiopathic generalized epilepsy.
DISC1 (disrupted-in-schizophrenia 1) is associated with cortical grey matter volumes in the human brain: A voxel-based morphometry (VBM) study
The relation of brain oscillations to attentional networks.
Autistic adolescents show atypical activation of the brain's mentalizing system even without a prior history of mentalizing problems.
A functional MRI study of high-level cognition. I. The game of chess.
Cortex-based inter-subject analysis of iEEG and fMRI data sets: Application to sustained task-related BOLD and gamma responses
Functional lateralization of the anterior insula during feedback processing.
Correlation between moderate daily physical activity and neurocognitive variability in healthy elderly people
"Color, context, and cognitive style: variations in color knowledge retrieval as a function of task and subject variables."
Effects of Scene Properties and Emotional Valence on Brain Activations: A Fixation-Related fMRI Study.
Striatal-Limbic Activation is Associated with Intensity of Anticipatory Anxiety
Neural correlates of anticipation and processing of performance feedback in social anxiety.
Role of the superior temporal region in human visual motion perception.
A Longitudinal Study of Atrophy in Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment and Normal Aging Revealed by Cortical Thickness
Impaired thalamocortical connectivity in humans during general-anesthetic-induced unconsciousness.
Hemispheric preference in visuospatial processing: a complementary approach with  fMRI and lesion studies.
The stress model of chronic pain: evidence from basal cortisol and hippocampal structure and function in humans.
A salty-congruent odor enhances saltiness: functional magnetic resonance imaging  study.
Uncertainty in visual and auditory series is coded by modality-general and modality-specific neural systems.
Structural covariance of superficial white matter in mild Alzheimer's disease compared to normal aging.
"Increased coherence-based regional homogeneity in resting-state patients with first-episode, drug-naive somatization disorder."
Why we like to drink: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study of the rewarding and anxiolytic effects of alcohol.
Functional organisation of visual pathways in a patient with no optic chiasm.
Manipulating memory efficacy affects the behavioral and neural profiles of deterministic learning and decision-making.
Spatial summation of pain processing in the human brain as assessed by cerebral event related potentials.
Motor foundations of higher cognition: similarities and differences in processing regular and violated perceptual sequences of different specificity.
Differential contributions of the anterior temporal and medial temporal lobe to the retrieval of memory for person identity information.
Cortical thickness reductions associate with abnormal resting-state functional connectivity in non-neuropsychiatric systemic lupus erythematosus.
Deviant processing of letters and speech sounds as proximate cause of reading failure: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study of dyslexic children.
Visual target modulation of functional connectivity networks revealed by self-organizing group ICA.
Recovery from aphasia as a function of language therapy in an early bilingual patient demonstrated by fMRI.
Effects of hunger state on the brain responses to food cues across the life span.
Network activity underlying the illusory self-attribution of a dummy arm.
Functional segregation of cortical language areas by sentence repetition.
Identification of task sets within and across stimulus modalities.
Overlap and segregation in predorsal premotor cortex activations related to free  selection of self-referenced and target-based finger movements.
Childhood physical abuse predicts stressor-evoked activity within central visceral control regions.
The neurology of saccades and covert shifts in spatial attention: an event-related fMRI study.
Altered intrinsic and extrinsic connectivity in schizophrenia.
Apathy in Alzheimer's disease and frontotemporal dementia: Distinct clinical profiles and neural correlates.
Effect of Magnitude Estimation of Pleasantness and Intensity on fMRI Activation to Taste
The brain of opera singers: experience-dependent changes in functional activation.
Altered Brain Activation during Emotional Face Processing in Relation to Both Diagnosis and Polygenic Risk of Bipolar Disorder.
Ipsilateral Alteration of Resting State Activity Suggests That Cortical Dysfunction Contributes to the Pathogenesis of Cluster Headache.
Impact of real-time fMRI working memory feedback training on the interactions between three core brain networks.
Reduced nucleus accumbens reactivity and adolescent depression following early-life stress
Structural alterations of the pyramidal pathway in schizoid and schizotypal cluster A personality disorders.
Involvement of the Motor System in Comprehension of Non-Literal Action Language:  A Meta-Analysis Study.
The neural areas that control the retrieval and selection of semantics.
Memory encoding in Alzheimer's disease: an fMRI study of explicit and implicit memory.
"Increased anterior default-mode network homogeneity in first-episode, drug-naive  major depressive disorder: A replication study."
Fronto-striatal correlates of impaired implicit sequence learning in major depression: an fMRI study.
Why overlearned sequences are special: distinct neural networks for ordinal sequences
An fMRI case study of visual memory in a patient with epilepsy: comparison before and after temporal lobe surgery.
Informational connectivity: identifying synchronized discriminability of multi-voxel patterns across the brain.
Psychometric intelligence and P3 of the event-related potentials studied with a 3-stimulus auditory oddball task
Alterations in brain structure and function in breast cancer survivors: effect of post-chemotherapy interval and relation to oxidative DNA damage
Disorder-specific dysfunctions in patients with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder compared to patients with obsessive-compulsive disorder during interference inhibition and attention allocation
Functional Brain Activation Associated with Inhibitory Control Deficits in Older  Adults.
Brain regions involved in observing and trying to interpret dog behaviour.
Psychopathic traits linked to alterations in neural activity during personality judgments of self and others.
Neural substrate of unrelenting negative symptoms in schizophrenia: a longitudinal resting-state fMRI study.
Effect of orthography over neural regions in bilinguals: a view from neuroimaging.
Neuroanatomical correlates of impaired decision-making and facial emotion recognition in early Parkinson's disease.
"A test of the role of two prefrontal/ subcortical networks in the ""sequencing"" of non-motor, visuo-spatial information."
The neural correlates of dealing with social exclusion in childhood.
Integration of structural and functional magnetic resonance imaging improves mild cognitive impairment detection
"Adolescent cannabis use and brain systems supporting adult working memory encoding, maintenance, and retrieval."
Distinct representations of attentional control during voluntary and stimulus-driven shifts across objects and locations.
Seeing the sound after visual loss: functional MRI in acquired auditory-visual synesthesia.
Oxytocin modulates hemodynamic responses to monetary incentives in humans.
Neurophysiology of motor function following cannabis discontinuation in chronic cannabis smokers: an fMRI study.
Trait impulsivity and prefrontal gray matter reductions in cocaine dependent individuals.
Complexity and Synchronicity of Resting State BOLD FMRI in Normal Aging and Cognitive Decline
Exploring the detection of associatively novel events using fMRI.
Reduced regional cerebral blood flow in SPG4-linked hereditary spastic paraplegia.
Processing concrete words: fMRI evidence against a specific right-hemisphere involvement.
Brain anatomy in Turner syndrome: evidence for impaired social and spatial-numerical networks.
Essential role of the right superior parietal cortex in Japanese kana mirror reading: An fMRI study.
Brain responses to erotic and other emotional stimuli in breast cancer survivors  with and without distress about low sexual desire: a preliminary fMRI study.
Task-specific repetition priming in left inferior prefrontal cortex.
Morphological basis for the spectrum of clinical deficits in spinocerebellar ataxia 17 (SCA17).
Cortical gyrification is abnormal in children with prenatal alcohol exposure.
Neural systems underlying observation of humanly impossible movements: an FMRI study.
Neural activity in the medial temporal lobe reveals the fidelity of mental time travel.
Developmental changes in effective connectivity in the emerging core face network.
Differential neural activation patterns in patients with Parkinson's disease and  freezing of gait in response to concurrent cognitive and motor load.
Training-associated changes and stability of attention bias in youth: Implications for Attention Bias Modification Treatment for pediatric anxiety
Encoding-specific effects of social cognition on the neural correlates of subsequent memory.
"Novelty responses and differential effects of order in the amygdala, substantia innominata, and inferior temporal cortex."
Comparison of semantic and episodic memory BOLD fMRI activation in predicting cognitive decline in older adults
Can we share a pain we never felt? Neural correlates of empathy in patients with  congenital insensitivity to pain.
Altered functional brain connectivity in a non-clinical sample of young adults with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.
Effect of Two Weeks of rTMS on Brain Activity in Healthy Subjects During an n-Back Task: A Randomized Double Blind Study
Fractionating attentional control using event-related fMRI.
Action outcomes are represented in human inferior frontoparietal cortex.
Reward Selectively Modulates the Lingering Neural Representation of Recently Attended Objects in Natural Scenes.
Negative BOLD response in the hippocampus during short-term spatial memory retrieval.
The inhibition of imitative and overlearned responses: a functional double dissociation.
Neural correlates of mental effort evaluation— involvement of structures related to self-awareness
Remembrance of odors past: human olfactory cortex in cross-modal recognition memory.
Where arousal meets attention: a simultaneous fMRI and EEG recording study.
Fast dynamics of cortical functional and effective connectivity during word reading.
Self-regulation of regional cortical activity using real-time fMRI: the right inferior frontal gyrus and linguistic processing.
Effects of electroacupuncture versus manual acupuncture on the human brain as measured by fMRI.
Taxing working memory with syntax: bihemispheric modulations.
Target visibility and visual awareness modulate amygdala responses to fearful faces.
Are visual texture-selective areas recruited during haptic texture discrimination?
Functional magnetic resonance imaging correlates of emotion recognition and voluntary attentional regulation in depression: A generalized psycho-physiological interaction study.
"Oral contraceptive use changes brain activity and mood in women with previous negative affect on the pill—A double-blinded, placebo-controlled randomized trial of a levonorgestrel-containing combined oral contraceptive"
Flexibility in embodied lexical-semantic representations.
A cross-linguistic fMRI study of perception of intonation and emotion in Chinese.
Existential neuroscience: a functional magnetic resonance imaging investigation of neural responses to reminders of one's mortality.
Altered Connectivity of the Balance Processing Network After Tongue Stimulation in Balance-Impaired Individuals
Neural correlates of developing and adapting behavioral biases in speeded choice  reactions--an fMRI study on predictive motor coding.
Neural and behavioral effects of a novel mu opioid receptor antagonist in binge-eating obese people.
Brain Responses to Food Logos in Obese and Healthy Weight Children
Can age-related CNS taste differences be detected as early as middle age? Evidence from fMRI
Being an agent or an observer: Different spectral dynamics revealed by MEG.
Intrinsic patterns of coupling between correlation and amplitude of low-frequency fMRI fluctuations are disrupted in degenerative dementia mainly due to functional disconnection.
Effects of elevated plasma tryptophan on brain activation associated with the Stroop task.
Using guitar learning to probe the Action Observation Network's response to visuomotor familiarity.
Developmental changes in brain activation involved in the production of novel speech sounds in children.
A midline dissociation between error-processing and response-conflict monitoring.
The neural substrate of the ideomotor principle revisited: Evidence for asymmetries in action-effect learning
New Evidence for Distinct Right and Left Brain Systems for Deductive versus Probabilistic Reasoning.
The neurotopography of written word production: an fMRI investigation of the distribution of sensitivity to length and frequency.
Decreased functional connectivity in the fronto-parietal network in children with mood disorders compared to children with dyslexia during rest: An fMRI study.
Dissociated brain organization for two-digit addition and subtraction: An fMRI investigation
Neural correlates of disgust- and fear-conditioned responses
Left inferior parietal cortex integrates time and space during collision judgments.
Effective connectivity gateways to the Theory of Mind network in processing communicative intention.
Anterior cingulate activation in high trait anxious subjects is related to altered error processing during decision making.
Temporal difference modeling of the blood-oxygen level dependent response during  aversive conditioning in humans: effects of dopaminergic modulation.
Subtle hippocampal deformities in breast cancer survivors with reduced episodic memory and self-reported cognitive concerns.
Sex differences in the response to emotional distraction: an event-related fMRI investigation.
Non-Fluent Speech in Frontotemporal Lobar Degeneration
Stimulus-driven orienting of visuo-spatial attention in complex dynamic environments.
Intrinsic fluctuations in sustained attention and distractor processing.
Distributed cortical systems in visual short-term memory revealed by event-related functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Exogenous attention to facial vs non-facial emotional visual stimuli.
Differential amygdala responses to winning and losing: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study in humans.
Spatial attention related SEP amplitude modulations covary with BOLD signal in S1--a simultaneous EEG--fMRI study.
The neural correlates of the decoy effect in decisions.
"Anatomical localization and intra-subject reproducibility of laser evoked potential source in cingulate cortex, using a realistic head model."
Praxis and language are linked: Evidence from co-lateralization in individuals with atypical language dominance
The Neural Basis of Typewriting: A Functional MRI Study.
The association between aerobic fitness and executive function is mediated by prefrontal cortex volume
Dynamic reconfiguration of structural and functional connectivity across core neurocognitive brain networks with development
fMRI reactivity on a delay discounting task predicts weight gain in obese women
Treatment-related changes in brain activation in patients with fibromyalgia syndrome.
A supramodal number representation in human intraparietal cortex.
Mapping brain activity using event-related independent components analysis (eICA): specific advantages for EEG-fMRI.
Neural correlates of associative memory: the effects of negative emotion.
Integration of letters and speech sounds in the human brain.
Optimized Brain Extraction for Pathological Brains (optiBET).
Self-Face Recognition Begins to Share Active Region in Right Inferior Parietal Lobule with Proprioceptive Illusion During Adolescence.
Dissociating networks of imitation.
Intrinsic resting-state activity predicts working memory brain activation and behavioral performance.
SENTENCE PROCESSING IN LEWY BODY SPECTRUM DISORDER: THE ROLE OF WORKING MEMORY
The role of effective connectivity between the task-positive and task-negative network for evidence gathering [Evidence gathering and connectivity].
Posterior cingulate activation during moral dilemma in adolescents.
Pictures of appetizing foods activate gustatory cortices for taste and reward.
Amygdala-hippocampal involvement in human aversive trace conditioning revealed through event-related functional magnetic resonance imaging.
The processing of temporal pitch and melody information in auditory cortex.
Neural mechanisms of expert skills in visual working memory.
A resource model of the neural basis of executive working memory.
Neural activation in cognitive motor processes: comparing motor imagery and observation of gymnastic movements.
Deficits in Process-Specific Prefrontal and Hippocampal Activations Contribute to Adult Age Differences in Episodic Memory Interference.
Temporal prediction errors in a passive learning task activate human striatum.
"The neural control of bimanual movements in the elderly: Brain regions exhibiting age-related increases in activity, frequency-induced neural modulation, and task-specific compensatory recruitment."
Personality influences limbic-cortical interactions during sad mood induction.
Endogenous cortisol is associated with functional connectivity between the amygdala and medial prefrontal cortex
Own-gender imitation activates the brain's reward circuitry.
Use-dependent cortical plasticity in thalidomide-induced upper extremity dysplasia: evidence from somaesthesia and neuroimaging.
Neural correlates of three cognitive processes involved in theory of mind and discourse comprehension.
Considering healthiness promotes healthier choices but modulates medial prefrontal cortex differently in children compared with adults.
Cognitive Deterioration and Functional Compensation in ALS Measured with fMRI Using an Inhibitory Task.
"Interindividual differences in functional interactions among prefrontal, parietal and parahippocampal regions during working memory."
Neural prediction errors reveal a risk-sensitive reinforcement-learning process in the human brain.
Ventral and dorsal streams for choosing word order during sentence production.
Dissociating stimulus-driven semantic and phonological effect during reading and  naming.
Why Do Irrelevant Alternatives Matter? An fMRI-TMS Study of Context-Dependent Preferences.
Decreased Thalamocortical Connectivity in Chronic Ketamine Users.
Stress response in postpartum women with and without obsessive–compulsive symptoms: an fMRI study
The relationship of resting cerebral blood flow and brain activation during a social cognition task in adolescents with chronic moderate to severe traumatic brain injury: a preliminary investigation
The effects of exercise on cigarette cravings and brain activation in response to smoking-related images.
Disrupted thalamic resting-state functional networks in schizophrenia.
Neural evidence for dissociable components of task-switching.
Activation of a residual cortical network during painful stimulation in long-term postanoxic vegetative state: a 15O-H2O PET study.
Neural representation of verb meaning: an fMRI study.
White matter hyperintensities and cognitive reserve during a working memory task: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study in cognitively normal older adults.
Neural mechanisms of cue-approach training.
Dissociating neural correlates of cognitive components in mental calculation.
When brightness counts: the neuronal correlate of numerical-luminance interference.
Age-related changes in the thickness of cortical zones in humans.
Neural integration of iconic and unrelated coverbal gestures: a functional MRI study.
An event-related functional MRI study of the stroop color word interference task.
Reward prediction error signal enhanced by striatum-amygdala interaction explains the acceleration of probabilistic reward learning by emotion.
fMRI activation during observation of others' reach errors.
Grey matter volume and cortical structure in Prader-Willi syndrome compared to typically developing young adults.
Neural correlates of visual working memory: fMRI amplitude predicts task performance.
Somatic sensation of hand-object interactive movement is associated with activity in the left inferior parietal cortex.
Characterizing the neural mechanisms of skill learning and repetition priming: evidence from mirror reading.
"Amygdala activity is associated with the successful encoding of item, but not source, information for positive and negative stimuli."
Occipital sources of resting-state alpha rhythms are related to local gray matter density in subjects with amnesic mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer's disease.
Increased activation in the right insula during risk-taking decision making is related to harm avoidance and neuroticism.
The effects of exercise on the neuronal response to food cues
Mandarin and English single word processing studied with functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Neural basis for sentence comprehension: grammatical and short-term memory components.
Intrinsic network connectivity reflects consistency of synesthetic experiences.
Cerebral hyporesponsiveness and cognitive impairment 10 years after chemotherapy  for breast cancer.
The Role of Visual Association Cortex in Associative Memory Formation across Development.
Dynamic visuomotor transformation involved with remote flying of a plane utilizes the 'Mirror Neuron' system.
The neurobiological drive for overeating implicated in Prader-Willi syndrome.
Abnormal Functional Connectivity in Children with Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder
An open-source hardware and software system for acquisition and real-time processing of electrophysiology during high field MRI.
Insula and orbital frontal cortex activity underlying emotion interference resolution in working memory.
Multiple supratemporal sources of magnetic and electric auditory evoked middle latency components in humans.
Voxel-wise meta-analysis of fMRI studies in patients at clinical high risk for psychosis
Neural correlates of coherent audiovisual motion perception.
Voxel-based morphometry in opera singers: Increased gray-matter volume in right somatosensory and auditory cortices.
Differential patterns of striatal activation in young children with and without ADHD.
Neural resources associated with perceptual judgment across sensory modalities.
I Can't Keep Your Face and Voice Out of My Head: Neural Correlates of an Attentional Bias Toward Nonverbal Emotional Cues.
Temporal Contiguity Training Influences Behavioral and Neural Measures of Viewpoint Tolerance.
A Prospective Functional MRI Study for Executive Function in Patients with Systemic Lupus Erythematosus Without Neuropsychiatric Symptoms
Functional specializations in lateral prefrontal cortex associated with the integration and segregation of information in working memory.
Methylphenidate effects on neural activity during response inhibition in healthy  humans.
Human medial orbitofrontal cortex is recruited during experience of imagined and  real rewards.
Spatiotemporal multi-resolution approximation of the Amari type neural field model.
Potentially adaptive functional changes in cognitive processing for patients with multiple sclerosis and their acute modulation by rivastigmine.
Increased Resting-State Functional Connectivity in the Cingulo-Opercular Cognitive-Control Network after Intervention in Children with Reading Difficulties.
Functional connectivity in the default network during resting state is preserved  in a vegetative but not in a brain dead patient.
Alertness network in patients with temporal lobe epilepsy: A fMRI study
Functional-anatomical organization of predicate metaphor processing.
A VBM study demonstrating ‘apparent’ effects of a single dose of medication on T1-weighted MRIs
Incentive Processing in Persistent Disruptive Behavior and Psychopathic Traits: A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study in Adolescents.
Oxytocin modulates neural circuitry for social cognition and fear in humans.
FMRI adaptation reveals a cortical mechanism for the coding of space near the hand.
Investigation of age-related changes in brain activity during the divalent task-switching paradigm using functional MRI.
Training-related brain plasticity in subjects at risk of developing Alzheimer's disease.
Neuronal effects of acute citalopram detected by pharmacoMRI.
Overlap between the neural correlates of cued recall and source memory: evidence for a generic recollection network?
Parametric design and correlational analyses help integrating fMRI and electrophysiological data during face processing.
Neural correlates of phonological and semantic-based anomia treatment in aphasia.
Motor and parietal cortical areas both underlie kinaesthesia.
Context-dependent cortical activation in response to financial reward and penalty: an event-related fMRI study.
Serotonin selectively modulates reward value in human decision-making.
Emotion-attention network interactions during a visual oddball task.
Cerebral activation related to skills practice in a double serial reaction time task: striatal involvement in random-order sequence learning.
Alcohol intoxication effects on visual perception: an fMRI study.
Influence of cue exposure on inhibitory control and brain activation in patients  with alcohol dependence.
Temporal prediction errors modulate cingulate-insular coupling.
The Simon effect modulates N2cc and LRP but not the N2pc component
Dynamic modulation of amygdala-hippocampal connectivity by emotional arousal.
"Look at me, I'll remember you: the perception of self-relevant social cues enhances memory and right hippocampal activity."
Neural control of fundamental frequency rise and fall in Mandarin tones
Frequent ice cream consumption is associated with reduced striatal response to receipt of an ice cream–based milkshake
Specific increases within global decreases: a functional magnetic resonance imaging investigation of five days of motor sequence learning.
fMRI Reactivity to High-Calorie Food Pictures Predicts Short- and Long-Term Outcome in a Weight-Loss Program
Functional-anatomic correlates of object priming in humans revealed by rapid presentation event-related fMRI.
"Motor area localization using fMRI-constrained cortical current density reconstruction of movement-related cortical potentials, a comparison with fMRI and TMS mapping."
Differential cortical contribution of syntax and semantics: An fMRI study on two-word phrasal processing.
Relating Brain Damage to Brain Plasticity in Patients With Multiple Sclerosis
C957T polymorphism of the dopamine D2 receptor gene modulates the effect of nicotine on working memory performance and cortical processing efficiency.
Is left inferior frontal gyrus a general mechanism for selection?
Response inhibition in adults and teenagers: Spatiotemporal differences in the prefrontal cortex
The neurobiology of self face recognition among depressed adolescents.
Changing brain networks for visuomotor control with increased movement automaticity.
Cortical activation deficits during facial emotion processing in youth at high risk for the development of substance use disorders.
A Meta-analysis of Executive Components of Working Memory
The development of the intrinsic functional connectivity of default network subsystems from age 3 to 5.
The neural correlates of worry in association with individual differences in neuroticism.
Lapsing during sleep deprivation is associated with distributed changes in brain  activation.
Alterations of the amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations in treatment-resistant and treatment-response depression: A resting-state fMRI study
"Different pain, different brain: thalamic anatomy in neuropathic and non-neuropathic chronic pain syndromes."
Neural correlates of covert and overt production of tense and agreement morphology: Evidence from fMRI
Automatic independent component labeling for artifact removal in fMRI.
Evaluation of the screening power of Cognitive Abilities Screening Instrument for probable Alzheimer's disease using voxel-based morphometry
Sensorimotor functional connectivity changes in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Precuneal and amygdala spontaneous activity and functional connectivity in war-zone-related PTSD.
Hormonal cycle modulates arousal circuitry in women using functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Subcortical and cortical correlates of pitch discrimination: Evidence for two levels of neuroplasticity in musicians.
Neural substrates of animal mental imagery: calcarine sulcus and dorsal pathway involvement--an fMRI study.
Decreased hemispheric connectivity and decreased intra- and inter- hemisphere asymmetry of resting state functional network connectivity in schizophrenia.
The Neural Correlates of Upper Limb Motor Blocks in Parkinson's Disease and Their Relation to Freezing of Gait.
Green tea extract enhances parieto-frontal connectivity during working memory processing.
"Guanfacine effects on stress, drug craving and prefrontal activation in cocaine dependent individuals: preliminary findings"
Changes in white matter integrity follow excitatory rTMS treatment of post-stroke aphasia
Monitoring Different Phonological Parameters of Sign Language Engages the Same Cortical Language Network but Distinctive Perceptual Ones.
"Memantine, an NMDA receptor antagonist, differentially influences Go/No-Go performance and fMRI activity in individuals with and without a family history of alcoholism."
Stabilities of negative correlations between blood oxygen level-dependent signals associated with sensory and motor cortices.
Multisensory cortical signal increases and decreases during vestibular galvanic stimulation (fMRI).
Representation of perceived sound valence in the human brain.
Cognitive Control Structures in the Imitation Learning of Spatial Sequences and Rhythms-An fMRI Study.
Differences in frontal cortical activation by a working memory task after substitution of risperidone for typical antipsychotic drugs in patients with schizophrenia.
Support vector machine classification and characterization of age-related reorganization of functional brain networks
Writing affects the brain network of reading in Chinese: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Posterior and prefrontal contributions to the development posttraumatic stress disorder symptom severity: an fMRI study of symptom provocation in acute stress disorder.
Neural activity during production of rorschach responses: An fMRI study.
"Differential effects of surface area, gyrification and cortical thickness on voxel based morphometric deficits in schizophrenia"
Orbitofrontal cortex involvement in chronic analgesic-overuse headache evolving from episodic migraine.
Structural and functional evaluation of cortical motor areas in Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
Getting the Cocktail Party Started: Masking Effects in Speech Perception.
Parietal and cingulate processes in central pain. A combined positron emission tomography (PET) and functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) study of an unusual case.
A paced visual serial addition test for fMRI.
Unsupervised classification of major depression using functional connectivity MRI.
Hippocampal activation for autobiographical memories over the entire lifetime in  healthy aged subjects: an fMRI study.
Functional magnetic resonance imaging identifies somatotopic organization of nociception in the human spinal cord.
Neural Systems Underlying Individual Differences in Intertemporal Decision-making.
Pathological uncoupling between amplitude and connectivity of brain fluctuations  in epilepsy.
Altered brain response for semantic knowledge in Alzheimer's disease.
Autistic traits are associated with diminished neural response to affective touch
Attentional Modulation of Primary Interoceptive and Exteroceptive Cortices
The neural substrates and timing of top-down processes during coarse-to-fine categorization of visual scenes: a combined fMRI and ERP study.
Not all false memories are created equal: the neural basis of false recognition.
Alteration of regional homogeneity and white matter hyperintensities in amnestic  mild cognitive impairment subtypes are related to cognition and CSF biomarkers.
Thalamic abnormalities in children with continuous spike-wave during slow-wave sleep: An F-18-fluorodeoxyglucose positron emission tomography perspective.
Spatiotemporal analysis of event-related fMRI data using partial least squares.
Risperidone and Divalproex Differentially Engage the Fronto-Striato-Temporal Circuitry in Pediatric Mania: A Pharmacological fMRI Study
Variations in the human cannabinoid receptor (CNR1) gene modulate striatal responses to happy faces.
Electrophysiological Evidence for Ventral Stream Deficits in Schizophrenia Patients
Isolating rule- versus evidence-based prefrontal activity during episodic and lexical discrimination: a functional magnetic resonance imaging investigation of  detection theory distinctions.
Human cortical activity correlates with stereoscopic depth perception.
Large-scale brain network dynamics supporting adolescent cognitive control.
Enhanced striatal sensitivity to aversive reinforcement in adolescents versus adults.
Cognitive mechanisms of nicotine on visual attention.
Localizing evoked cortical activity associated with balance reactions: does the anterior cingulate play a role?
Language networks in anophthalmia: maintained hierarchy of processing in 'visual' cortex.
Local brain gyrification as a marker of neurological soft signs in schizophrenia.
Role of contingency in striatal response to incentive in adolescents with anxiety.
Cortical thickness changes following spatial navigation training in adulthood and aging
Hyper-reactive human ventral tegmental area and aberrant mesocorticolimbic connectivity in overgeneralization of fear in generalized anxiety disorder.
Food-Related Odors Activate Dopaminergic Brain Areas.
Shared and distinct regional homogeneity changes in bipolar and unipolar depression.
Cortical capacity constraints for visual working memory: dissociation of fMRI load effects in a fronto-parietal network.
Distinct neural specializations for learning to read words and name objects.
Jumping the Gun: Mapping Neural Correlates of Waiting Impulsivity and Relevance Across Alcohol Misuse.
Changes in cerebellar functional connectivity and anatomical connectivity in schizophrenia: A combined resting-state fMRI and DTI study
Hemispheric asymmetries of motor versus nonmotor processes during (visuo)motor control.
Prefrontal responses to digit span memory phases in patients with post-traumatic  stress disorder (PTSD): a functional near infrared spectroscopy study.
Amygdala responses to emotional faces in twins discordant or concordant for the risk for anxiety and depression.
Nonconscious attention bias to threat is correlated with anterior cingulate cortex gray matter volume: A voxel-based morphometry result and replication
A functional magnetic resonance imaging study of internal modulation of an external visual cue for motor execution.
Microstructural white matter abnormalities in type 2 diabetes mellitus: A diffusion tensor imaging study
Electrophysiology meets fMRI: neural correlates of the startle reflex assessed by simultaneous EMG-fMRI data acquisition.
Domain-general mechanisms of complex working memory span.
Decreased Cortical Thickness in Central Hypoventilation Syndrome
Abnormal causal attribution leads to advantageous economic decision-making: a neuropsychological approach.
Grey matter volume correlates with virtual water maze task performance in boys with androgen excess
Modulation of cortical activity after anodal transcranial direct current stimulation of the lower limb motor cortex: A functional MRI study
Normal body perception despite the loss of right fusiform gyrus.
Human attachment security is mediated by the amygdala: evidence from combined fMRI and psychophysiological measures.
Making sense of objects lying around: How contextual objects shape brain activity during action observation.
Reversible Silencing of the Frontopolar Cortex Selectively Impairs Metacognitive  Judgment on Non-experience in Primates.
The cortical thickness correlates of clinical manifestations in the mid-stage sporadic Parkinson's disease.
Frontal lobe networks for effective processing of ambiguously expressed emotions  in humans.
Physical activity and memory functions: an interventional study.
Brain regions that represent amodal conceptual knowledge.
"Dynamic Activation of Frontal, Parietal, and Sensory Regions Underlying Anticipatory Visual Spatial Attention"
Positive reinforcement modulates fronto-limbic systems subserving emotional interference in adolescents.
Scene-selective cortical regions in human and non-human primates
Family history of alcoholism and the human brain response to oral sucrose.
Predictive Brain Mechanisms in Sound-to-Meaning Mapping during Speech Processing.
Different cortical activations during visuospatial attention and the intention to perform a saccade.
"Effects of subclinical depression, anxiety and somatization on brain structure in healthy subjects."
Differential Tuning of Ventral and Dorsal Streams during the Generation of Common and Uncommon Tool Uses.
"Choosing the lesser of two evils, the better of two goods: specifying the roles of ventromedial prefrontal cortex and dorsal anterior cingulate in object choice."
Autism Spectrum Disorders and Schizophrenia: Meta-Analysis of the Neural Correlates of Social Cognition
The effect of intravenous alcohol on the neural correlates of risky decision making in healthy social drinkers
Common and distinct neural substrates for the perception of speech rhythm and intonation.
Task-Relevant Information Modulates Primary Motor Cortex Activity Before Movement Onset.
Common prefrontal regions coactivate with dissociable posterior regions during controlled semantic and phonological tasks.
Meta-analysis of functional neuroimaging studies of emotion perception and experience in schizophrenia
Is the semantic category effect in the lateral temporal cortex due to motion property differences?
Structural and functional connectivity mapping of the vestibular circuitry from human brainstem to cortex.
Neuroanatomical Circuitry Associated with Exploratory Eye Movement in Schizophrenia: A Voxel-Based Morphometric Study
Neuronal correlates of extinction learning are modulated by sex hormones
Regional gray and white matter volume associated with Stroop interference: Evidence from voxel-based morphometry
Diffusion tensor imaging and optimized fiber tracking in glioma patients: Histopathologic evaluation of tumor-invaded white matter structures.
Intention Modulates the Effect of Punishment Threat in Norm Enforcement via the Lateral Orbitofrontal Cortex.
Neural Networks for Time Perception and Working Memory.
Mental chronometry of working memory retrieval: a combined functional magnetic resonance imaging and event-related potentials approach.
Quantitative magnetization transfer provides information complementary to grey matter atrophy in Alzheimer's disease brains
Activation of the amygdala and anterior cingulate during nonconscious processing  of sad versus happy faces.
Motivationally significant self-control: enhanced action withholding involves the right inferior frontal junction.
Functional disconnectivity in subjects at high genetic risk of schizophrenia.
Grey matter alterations associated with cannabis use: Results of a VBM study in heavy cannabis users and healthy controls
Mirror neuron activity during contagious yawning--an fMRI study.
Anterior prefrontal cortex mediates rule learning in humans.
Reliability of an fMRI paradigm for emotional processing in a multisite longitudinal study.
Reward breaks through center-surround inhibition via anterior insula.
Subjective and Neural Responses to Intravenous Alcohol in Young Adults with Light and Heavy Drinking Patterns
Spatially congruent visual motion modulates activity of the primary auditory cortex.
Neural response to experimental heat pain in stable patients with schizophrenia
An event-related functional MRI study comparing interference effects in the Simon and Stroop tasks.
Topography of cortical activation differs for fundamental and harmonic frequencies of the steady-state visual-evoked responses. An EEG and PET H215O study.
Functional imaging of the human lateral geniculate nucleus and pulvinar.
Non-demented Parkinson's disease patients with apathy show decreased grey matter  volume in key executive and reward-related nodes.
Sensory-motor brain network connectivity for speech comprehension.
"A Deletion Variant of the alpha2b-Adrenoceptor Modulates the Stress-Induced Shift from ""Cognitive"" to ""Habit"" Memory."
Joint ICA of ERP and fMRI during Error-Monitoring
Investigating signal integration with canonical correlation analysis of fMRI brain activation data.
Altered spontaneous brain activity in heavy smokers revealed by regional homogeneity.
Sustained brain activation supporting stop-signal task performance.
The interface between language and attention: prosodic focus marking recruits a general attention network in spoken language comprehension.
The myth of the visual word form area.
Deficits in task-set maintenance and execution networks in Parkinson's disease.
Two Sides of the Same Coin: Learning via Positive and Negative Reinforcers in the Human Striatum
Dopamine D2-receptor blockade enhances decoding of prefrontal signals in humans.
"Selective effects of social anxiety, anxiety sensitivity, and negative affectivity on the neural bases of emotional face processing"
Brain structural and functional connectivity in Parkinson's disease with freezing of gait.
Feature-based attention modulates direction-selective hemodynamic activity within human MT.
Amplitude of low-frequency oscillations associated with emotional conflict control.
How reliable are MEG resting-state connectivity metrics?
Risk seeking for losses modulates the functional connectivity of the default mode and left frontoparietal networks in young males.
Age differences in neural response to stereotype threat and resiliency for self-referenced information.
Learning to read an alphabet of human faces produces left-lateralized training effects in the fusiform gyrus.
Functional neuroanatomy supporting judgments of when events occurred.
Quantitative analysis of asymmetrical cortical activity based on power spectrum changes.
Motor learning with augmented feedback: modality-dependent behavioral and neural  consequences.
Revisiting the functional specialization of left inferior frontal gyrus in phonological and semantic fluency: the crucial role of task demands and individual ability.
Motor imagery of hand actions: Decoding the content of motor imagery from brain activity in frontal and parietal motor areas.
Medial prefrontal cortex supports source memory accuracy for self-referenced items
Neural circuitry of the bilingual mental lexicon: effect of age of second language acquisition.
A Genetic Polymorphism of the Human Dopamine Transporter Determines the Impact of Sleep Deprivation on Brain Responses to Rewards and Punishments.
A Tale of Two Temporal Coding Strategies: Common and Dissociable Brain Regions Involved in Recency versus Associative Temporal Order Retrieval Strategies.
fMRI changes in relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis patients complaining of fatigue after IFNbeta-1a injection.
Differences in Regional Brain Activation Patterns Assessed by Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging in Patients with Systemic Lupus Erythematosus Stratified by Disease Duration
Modulation of movement-associated cortical activation by transcranial direct current stimulation.
Compulsivity predicts fronto striatal activation in severely anorectic individuals
Positive and negative network correlations in temporal lobe epilepsy.
Task-positive and task-negative networks in major depressive disorder: A combined fMRI and EEG study.
Absolute coding of stimulus novelty in the human substantia nigra/VTA.
Influence of DARPP-32 genetic variation on BOLD activation to happy faces.
Detecting functional nodes in large-scale cortical networks with functional magnetic resonance imaging: a principal component analysis of the human visual system.
Classification of adolescent psychotic disorders using linear discriminant analysis.
An event-related FMRI study of phonological verbal working memory in schizophrenia.
Dissociation between the neural correlates of recollection and familiarity in the striatum and hippocampus: Across-study convergence.
An fMRI study on the influence of sommeliers' expertise on the integration of flavor.
Executive Function in Chronic Pain Patients and Healthy Controls: Different Cortical Activation During Response Inhibition in Fibromyalgia
Sex differences in the neural basis of false-belief and pragmatic language comprehension.
How the brain responds to any: An MEG study
White Matter Lesions and Brain Gray Matter Volume in Cognitively Normal Elders
The postcentral gyrus shows sustained fMRI activation during the tactile motion aftereffect.
Cross-sectional and longitudinal assessment of structural brain alterations in melancholic depression.
Distinguishing specific sexual and general emotional effects in fMRI-subcortical  and cortical arousal during erotic picture viewing.
Sensitivity to Faces with Typical and Atypical Part Configurations within Regions of the Face-processing Network: An fMRI Study.
Microstructure of a three-way anatomical network predicts individual differences in response inhibition: A tractography study
Neural representation of anxiety and personality during exposure to anxiety-provoking and neutral scenes from scary movies.
Dynamic causal modelling of evoked responses: the role of intrinsic connections.
Altered motor network activation and functional connectivity in adult Tourette's  syndrome.
Neural correlates of temporal auditory processing in developmental dyslexia during German vowel length discrimination: an fMRI study.
Are you upset? Distinct roles for orbitofrontal and lateral prefrontal cortex in  detecting and distinguishing facial expressions of emotion.
Semantic context and visual feature effects in object naming: an fMRI study using arterial spin labeling.
Differential involvement of somatosensory and interoceptive cortices during the observation of affective touch.
Brain activation and the phonological loop: the impact of rehearsal.
"Functional anatomy of biological motion perception in posterior temporal cortex:  an FMRI study of eye, mouth and hand movements."
Changes of non-affected upper limb cortical representation in paraplegic patients as assessed by fMRI.
Striatal and cortical midline circuits in major depression: Implications for suicide and symptom expression
Altered inhibition of negative emotions in subjects at family risk of major depressive disorder
Neural Correlates of Decision-Making Under Ambiguity and Conflict.
Connectivity Gradients Between the Default Mode and Attention Control Networks
A Data-Driven Investigation of Gray Matter-Function Correlations in Schizophrenia during a Working Memory Task.
Recognition memory for studied words is determined by cortical activation differences at encoding but not during retrieval.
The influence of multiple primes on bottom-up and top-down regulation during meaning retrieval: evidence for 2 distinct neural networks.
Cortical Thickness in Fusiform Face Area Predicts Face and Object Recognition Performance.
Extensive abnormality of brain white matter integrity in pathological gambling
Common and distinct neural regions for the guidance of selection by visuoverbal information held in memory: converging evidence from fMRI and rTMS.
Feature-based attention affects direction-selective fMRI adaptation in hMT+.
The role of planum temporale in processing accent variation in spoken language comprehension.
Greater corticolimbic activation to high-calorie food cues after eating in obese vs. normal-weight adults
"Knowing me, knowing you: Resting-state functional connectivity of ventromedial prefrontal cortex dissociates memory related to self from a familiar other."
How embodied is perceptual decision making? Evidence for separate processing of perceptual and motor decisions.
A functional MRI investigation of the association between childhood aerobic fitness and neurocognitive control
Structural and functional cerebral impairments in cirrhotic patients with a history of overt hepatic encephalopathy
White noise improves learning by modulating activity in dopaminergic midbrain regions and right superior temporal sulcus.
Neural processing of food and emotional stimuli in adolescent and adult anorexia  nervosa patients.
Attentional modulation of reward processing in the human brain.
"Distinct parietal sites mediate the influences of mood, arousal, and their interaction on human recognition memory."
Alteration of Basal Ganglia and Right Frontoparietal Network in Early Drug-Naive  Parkinson's Disease during Heat Pain Stimuli and Resting State.
Medial prefrontal cortex activity is predictive for hyperalgesia and pharmacological antihyperalgesia.
Viewpoint (in)dependence of action representations: an MVPA study.
Structural Integrity of the Prefrontal Cortex Modulates Electrocortical Sensitivity to Reward
Spatiotemporal dynamics of processing nonsymbolic number: an event-related potential source localization study.
MBSR vs aerobic exercise in social anxiety: fMRI of emotion regulation of negative self-beliefs.
Cortical and subcortical contributions to saccade latency in the human brain.
Brain mechanisms of perceiving tools and imagining tool use acts: a functional MRI study.
Brain areas underlying visual mental imagery and visual perception: an fMRI study.
A Comparison of Supervised Machine Learning Algorithms and Feature Vectors for MS Lesion Segmentation Using Multimodal Structural MRI.
Changes in cortical activation in craniomandibular disorders during splint therapy – A single subject fMRI study
Brain function and personality in normal males: a SPECT study using statistical parametric mapping.
Effect of visual experience on structural organization of the human brain: A voxel based morphometric study using DARTEL
Cortical and Subcortical Coordination of Visual Spatial Attention Revealed by Simultaneous EEG-fMRI Recording.
Abnormal neural activity as a potential biomarker for drug-naive first-episode adolescent-onset schizophrenia with coherence regional homogeneity and support vector machine analyses.
Eye can see what you want: posterior intraparietal sulcus encodes the object of an actor's gaze.
The attentional blink modulates activity in the early visual cortex.
Hubs in the human fetal brain network.
How 'love' and 'hate' differ from 'sleep': using combined electro/magnetoencephalographic data to reveal the sources of early cortical responses to emotional words.
Neural correlates of metaphor processing.
Failure to engage spatial working memory contributes to age-related declines in visuomotor learning.
Reduced fronto-cerebellar functional connectivity in chronic alcoholic patients
Neural correlates of segmental and tonal information in speech perception.
The Neural Basis of Successful Word Reading in Aphasia.
Disrupted functional connectivity of the amygdala is associated with depressive mood in type 2 diabetes patients.
Dissociable roles of prefrontal and anterior cingulate cortices in deception.
Prefrontal hypoactivation during cognitive control in early abstinent methamphetamine-dependent subjects
The lateral and ventromedial prefrontal cortex work as a dynamic integrated system: evidence from FMRI connectivity analysis.
Activation likelihood estimation meta-analysis of motor-related neural activity after stroke
Intranetwork and internetwork functional connectivity abnormalities in pediatric  multiple sclerosis.
The Human Retrosplenial Cortex and Thalamus Code Head Direction in a Global Reference Frame.
Neocortical modulation of the amygdala response to fearful stimuli.
Do fearful eyes activate empathy-related brain regions in individuals with callous traits?
Activation of premotor vocal areas during musical discrimination.
Development of the selection and manipulation of self-generated thoughts in adolescence.
Tai Chi Chuan and Baduanjin Mind-Body Training Changes Resting-State Low-Frequency Fluctuations in the Frontal Lobe of Older Adults: A Resting-State fMRI Study.
The semantic interference effect in the picture-word paradigm: an event-related fMRI study employing overt responses.
Competition between Mutually Exclusive Object States in Event Comprehension.
Neural basis of eye gaze processing deficits in autism.
Neural correlates of cognitive flexibility in children at risk for bipolar disorder
Examining the Central and Peripheral Processes of Written Word Production Through Meta-Analysis
Emergence of representations through repeated training on pronouncing novel letter combinations leads to efficient reading.
Development of neural systems for processing social exclusion from childhood to adolescence
Episodic autobiographical memory in amnestic mild cognitive impairment: what are  the neural correlates?
A systematic study of the sensitivity of partial volume correction methods for the quantification of perfusion from pseudo-continuous arterial spin labeling MRI.
Can medial temporal lobe regions distinguish true from false? An event-related functional MRI study of veridical and illusory recognition memory.
"What's Behind a ""+"" Sign? Perceiving an Arithmetic Operator Recruits Brain Circuits for Spatial Orienting."
Focused attention in a simple dichotic listening task: an fMRI experiment.
A neurocognitive model of meditation based on activation likelihood estimation (ALE) meta-analysis
The neural basis of the abnormal self-referential processing and its impact on cognitive control in depressed patients.
Defining the neural mechanisms of probabilistic reversal learning using event-related functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Dissociating brain regions controlling the temporal and ordinal structure of learned movement sequences.
Visuomotor functional network topology predicts upcoming tasks.
Giving others the option of choice: An fMRI study on low-cost cooperation.
Induced oscillatory responses during the Sternberg's visual memory task in patients with Alzheimer's disease and mild cognitive impairment
The amygdala processes the emotional significance of facial expressions: an fMRI  investigation using the interaction between expression and face direction.
Selective enhancement of functional connectivity in the left prefrontal cortex during sentence processing.
Interparticipant correlations: a model free FMRI analysis technique.
Shared and Distinct Neuroanatomic Regions Critical for Tool-related Action Production and Recognition: Evidence from 131 Left-hemisphere Stroke Patients.
Decreased neuronal activity in reward circuitry of pathological gamblers during processing of personal relevant stimuli.
The craving stops before you feel it: neural correlates of chocolate craving during cue exposure with response prevention.
Decomposing the neural correlates of antisaccade eye movements using event-related FMRI.
Dominance of the right hemisphere and role of area 2 in human kinesthesia.
Neural reactivity to visual food stimuli is reduced in some areas of the brain during evening hours compared to morning hours: an fMRI study in women.
Cortical and subcortical correlates of functional electrical stimulation of wrist extensor and flexor muscles revealed by fMRI.
Cognitive control and the salience network: an investigation of error processing  and effective connectivity.
Brain structures differ between musicians and non-musicians.
The neural correlates of performance in adolescents at risk for schizophrenia: Inefficiently increased cortico-striatal responses measured with fMRI
"Contributions of sensory input, auditory search and verbal comprehension to cortical activity during speech processing."
Structural neuroplasticity in the sensorimotor network of professional female ballet dancers.
The Role of Top-Down Focused Spatial Attention in Preattentive Salience Coding and Salience-based Attentional Capture.
Effective connectivity hierarchically links temporoparietal and frontal areas of the auditory dorsal stream with the motor cortex lip area during speech perception
Menstrual cycle phase modulates reward sensitivity and performance monitoring in  young women: Preliminary fMRI evidence.
Emotion speeds up conflict resolution: a new role for the ventral anterior cingulate cortex?
The APOE varepsilon4 allele affects complexity and functional connectivity of resting brain activity in healthy adults.
Aerobic fitness is associated with greater efficiency of the network underlying cognitive control in preadolescent children
Modulation of inhibitory control by prefrontal anodal tDCS: A crossover double-blind sham-controlled fMRI study.
Neural basis of mental scanning of a topographic representation built from a text.
Regional specificity and practice: dynamic changes in object and spatial working  memory.
Cortical Representations of Cognitive Control and Working Memory Are Dependent Yet Non-Interacting.
Enhanced effectiveness in visuo-haptic object-selective brain regions with increasing stimulus salience.
Disentangling brain activity related to the processing of emotional visual information and emotional arousal.
Deontological and altruistic guilt: evidence for distinct neurobiological substrates.
Selective Attention to Temporal Features on Nested Time Scales.
Developmental improvements in voluntary control of behavior: Effect of preparation in the fronto-parietal network?
Resting-state functional connectivity of the amygdala and longitudinal changes in depression severity in adolescent depression.
Racial distinction of the unknown facial identity recognition mechanism by event-related fMRI.
Prior expectation modulates the interaction between sensory and prefrontal regions in the human brain.
Frontal gray matter reduction after breast cancer chemotherapy and association with executive symptoms: A replication and extension study
BOLD responses to tactile stimuli in visual and auditory cortex depend on the frequency content of stimulation.
Structural and behavioral correlates of abnormal encoding of money value in the sensorimotor striatum in cocaine addiction.
The neural selection and integration of actions and objects: an fMRI study.
Crossmodal influences in somatosensory cortex: Interaction of vision and touch.
Segregation of neural circuits involved in spatial learning in reaching and navigational space.
A neural correlate of reward-based behavioral learning in caudate nucleus: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study of a stochastic decision task.
The functional anatomy of the normal human auditory system: responses to 0.5 and  4.0 kHz tones at varied intensities.
Mind the bend: cerebral activations associated with mental imagery of walking along a curved path.
Neural basis of visually guided head movements studied with fMRI.
Neurophysiological effects of modafinil on cue-exposure in cocaine dependence: A randomized placebo‐controlled cross-over study using pharmacological fMRI
Neural response to evaluating depression predicts perceivers' mental health treatment recommendations.
Heightened Salience of Anger and Aggression in Female Adolescents With Borderline Personality Disorder-A Script-Based fMRI Study.
Shape alterations of basal ganglia and thalamus in xenomelia.
Retrieval and unification of syntactic structure in sentence comprehension: an FMRI study using word-category ambiguity.
Introducing co-activation pattern metrics to quantify spontaneous brain network dynamics.
Learning situated emotions.
Possible dysregulation of cortical plasticity in auditory verbal hallucinations–A cortical thickness study in schizophrenia
Delayed hemodynamic responses in schizophrenia.
Functional and neurochemical interactions within the amygdala-medial prefrontal cortex circuit and their relevance to emotional processing.
Functional neuroimaging studies of human somatosensory cortex.
"Profiling risk for depressive disorder by circuit, behavior and self-report measures of emotion function."
Object ensemble processing in human anterior-medial ventral visual cortex.
Abnormal prefrontal cortex function during response inhibition in Turner syndrome: functional magnetic resonance imaging evidence.
Parieto-frontal networks for clock drawing revealed with fMRI.
"Hyperactivity of caudate, parahippocampal, and prefrontal regions during working  memory in never-medicated persons at clinical high-risk for psychosis."
On-line changing of thinking about words: the effect of cognitive context on neural responses to verb reading.
Spatial-temporal dynamics of gesture-speech integration: a simultaneous EEG-fMRI  study.
The cortical representation of objects rotating in depth.
Cognitive impairment and resting-state network connectivity in Parkinson's disease.
Modulation of caudate activity by action contingency.
Neural correlates of emotional valence processing in Parkinson's disease: dysfunction in the subcortex.
Neural activity associated with stress-induced cocaine craving: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Cervical cord FMRI abnormalities differ between the progressive forms of multiple sclerosis.
Impairment in basal limbic function in schizophrenia during affect recognition.
Hemodynamic responses to fear and disgust-inducing pictures: an fMRI study.
Intrinsic functional network architecture of human semantic processing: Modules and hubs.
Prefrontal mediation of the reading network predicts intervention response in dyslexia.
Structure-function relationships in the processing of regret in the orbitofrontal cortex.
Distinct neural systems underlie learning visuomotor and spatial representations  of motor skills.
The 5-HT2C receptor agonist meta-chlorophenylpiperazine (mCPP) reduces palatable  food consumption and BOLD fMRI responses to food images in healthy female volunteers.
"Seeing or moving in parallel: the premotor cortex does both during bimanual coordination, while the cerebellum monitors the behavioral instability of symmetric movements."
The neural bases of difficult speech comprehension and speech production: Two Activation Likelihood Estimation (ALE) meta-analyses
Basal ganglia hypoactivity during grip force in drug naive Parkinson's disease.
BOLD repetition decreases in object-responsive ventral visual areas depend on spatial attention.
Combining Multiple Resting-State fMRI Features during Classification: Optimized Frameworks and Their Application to Nicotine Addiction.
Functional magnetic resonance imaging response to increased verbal working memory demands among patients with multiple sclerosis.
Unilateral deafness in children affects development of multi-modal modulation and default mode networks.
A fronto-parietal circuit for tactile object discrimination: an event-related fMRI study.
A sensorimotor network for the bodily self.
Prefrontal-subcortical dissociations underlying inhibitory control revealed by event-related fMRI.
Network-specific resting-state connectivity changes in the premotor-parietal axis in writer's cramp.
The relationship between phonological and auditory processing and brain organization in beginning readers
Functional magnetic resonance imaging in schizophrenia: cortical response to motor stimulation.
When first language is not first: an functional magnetic resonance imaging investigation of the neural basis of diglossia in Arabic.
Participation of the left inferior frontal gyrus in human originality.
Changes in brain activity of somatoform disorder patients during emotional empathy after multimodal psychodynamic psychotherapy.
Brain activations underlying different patterns of performance improvement during early motor skill learning
Neural correlates of successful encoding identified using functional magnetic resonance imaging.
"Analysis of ""task-positive"" and ""task-negative"" functional networks during the performance of the Symbol Digit Modalities Test in patients at presentation with  clinically isolated syndrome suggestive"
Neural correlates of syntactic transformations.
Chronic metabotropic glutamate receptor 5 inhibition corrects local alterations of brain activity and improves cognitive performance in fragile X mice.
Direction-dependent visual cortex activation during horizontal optokinetic stimulation (fMRI study).
The temporal sequence of evoked and induced cortical responses to implied-motion  processing in human motion area V5/MT+.
Sensory and striatal areas integrate auditory and visual signals into behavioral  benefits during motion discrimination.
Possible structural abnormality of the brainstem in unipolar depressive illness:  a transcranial ultrasound and diffusion tensor magnetic resonance imaging study.
The impact of psychosis on brain anatomy in bipolar disorder: A structural MRI study.
Parietal mapping of visuomotor transformations during human tool grasping.
Objective selection of epilepsy-related independent components from EEG data.
Changes in events alter how people remember recent information.
Characterizing function-structure relationships in the human visual system with functional MRI and diffusion tensor imaging.
The functional neuroimaging evidence of cerebellar involvement in the simple cognitive task.
"Cortical areas involved in object, background, and object-background processing revealed with functional magnetic resonance adaptation."
Audio-visual speech perception in adult readers with dyslexia: an fMRI study.
"The ventral and inferolateral aspects of the anterior temporal lobe are crucial in semantic memory: evidence from a novel direct comparison of distortion-corrected fMRI, rTMS, and semantic dementia."
Altered processing of sweet taste in the brain of diet soda drinkers
An fMRI study of differential neural response to affective pictures in schizophrenia.
Neural correlates of reinforcement learning and social preferences in competitive bidding.
Pupil diameter covaries with BOLD activity in human locus coeruleus.
A single-trial estimation of the feedback-related negativity and its relation to  BOLD responses in a time-estimation task.
Viewing another person's body as a target object: A behavioural and PET study of pointing
An fMRI study of auditory hallucinations in patients with epilepsy.
Bilateral brain abnormalities associated with dominantly inherited verbal and orofacial dyspraxia.
Dissociating arbitrary stimulus-response mapping from movement planning during preparatory period: evidence from event-related functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Memory reorganization following anterior temporal lobe resection: a longitudinal  functional MRI study.
Morphological substrate of face matching in healthy ageing and mild cognitive impairment: a combined MRI-fMRI study.
Infra-slow EEG fluctuations are correlated with resting-state network dynamics in fMRI.
Severity of nicotine dependence modulates cue-induced brain activity in regions involved in motor preparation and imagery.
Assessing the neural basis of uncertainty in perceptual category learning through varying levels of distortion.
Converging Medial Frontal Resting State and Diffusion-Based Abnormalities in Borderline Personality Disorder.
An event-related fMRI study of self-paced alphabetically ordered writing of single letters.
Developmental aspects of language processing: fMRI of verbal fluency in children  and adults.
Quantitative meta-analysis of neural activity in posttraumatic stress disorder
"Effects of Number Magnitude and Notation at 7T: Separating the Neural Response to Small and Large, Symbolic and Nonsymbolic Number."
Effects of gender on blood flow correlates of naming concrete entities.
Modulation of task-related neural activity in task-switching: an fMRI study.
The roles of the cerebellum and basal ganglia in timing and error prediction.
"Fast reaction to different sensory modalities activates common fields in the motor areas, but the anterior cingulate cortex is involved in the speed of reaction."
Behavioral and neural interaction between spatial inhibition of return and the Simon effect.
A Neural Decomposition of Visual Search Using Voxel-based Morphometry.
Neural basis of genetically determined visuospatial construction deficit in Williams syndrome.
Reduced error-related activation in two anterior cingulate circuits is related to impaired performance in schizophrenia.
Motion standstill leads to activation of inferior parietal lobe.
Acute pharmacologically induced shifts in serotonin availability abolish emotion-selective responses to negative face emotions in distinct brain networks
Second-language instinct and instruction effects: nature and nurture in second-language acquisition.
Task-Dependent Modulation of Effective Connectivity within the Default Mode Network
The neural substrate of orientation short-term memory and resistance to distractor items.
Prefrontal-Amygdala Connectivity and State Anxiety during Fear Extinction Recall  in Adolescents.
On the spatial organization of sound processing in the human temporal lobe: A meta-analysis
Understanding genetic risk for aggression: clues from the brain's response to social exclusion.
Simultaneous EEG-fMRI in drug-naive children with newly diagnosed absence epilepsy.
Sparse imaging and continuous event-related fMRI in the visual domain: a systematic comparison.
Adult attachment anxiety is associated with enhanced automatic neural response to positive facial expression
Sibutramine promotes amygdala activity under fasting conditions in obese women.
Cue-switch effects do not rely on the same neural systems as task-switch effects.
Structural and functional magnetic resonance imaging correlates of motor network  dysfunction in primary progressive multiple sclerosis.
The effect of caffeine on working memory load-related brain activation in middle-aged males
Ventral premotor cortex lesions disrupt learning of sequential grammatical structures.
Beyond the Language Given: The Neural Correlates of Inferring Speaker Meaning.
Resting-state functional connectivity abnormalities in limbic and salience networks in social anxiety disorder without comorbidity
Functional dissociation between medial and lateral prefrontal cortical spatiotemporal activation in negative and positive emotions: a combined fMRI/MEG  study.
Who was the agent? The neural correlates of reanalysis processes during sentence  comprehension.
Neural substrates participating in acquisition of facial familiarity: an fMRI study.
Neural correlates of dual task interference can be dissociated from those of divided attention: an fMRI study.
Engagement of amygdala in third-person view of face-to-face interaction.
Jazz drummers recruit language-specific areas for the processing of rhythmic structure.
Ventral and dorsal fiber systems for imagined and executed movement.
Creative conceptual expansion: A combined fMRI replication and extension study to examine individual differences in creativity.
Rapid prefrontal-hippocampal habituation to novel events.
Functional imaging of neural responses to expectancy and experience of monetary gains and losses.
Neural processing of food and monetary rewards is modulated by metabolic state.
A direct comparison of anterior prefrontal cortex involvement in episodic retrieval and integration.
Motion-sensitive cortex and motion semantics in American Sign Language
Common neural correlates of emotion perception in humans.
Re-experiencing old memories via hippocampus: a PET study of autobiographical memory.
The effect of musical training on the neural correlates of math processing: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study in humans.
The Effect of Speech Repetition Rate on Neural Activation in Healthy Adults: Implications for Treatment of Aphasia and Other Fluency Disorders.
Neural responses during anticipation of a primary taste reward.
Attentional modulation of perceptual grouping in human visual cortex: functional  MRI studies.
Influence of body segment position during in-phase and antiphase hand and foot movements: a kinematic and functional MRI study.
Altered brain activity during emotional empathy in somatoform disorder.
Prefrontal activity decline in women under a single dose of diazepam during rule-guided responses: an fMRI study.
Localized gray matter volume abnormalities in generalized anxiety disorder.
Racial bias in neural response to others' pain is reduced with other-race contact.
Investigating the impact of overnight fasting on intrinsic functional connectivity: a double-blind fMRI study.
Psychosocial and neural indicators of resilience among youth with a family history of substance use disorder.
Intrinsic functional connectivity alterations in cognitively intact elderly APOE  epsilon4 carriers measured by eigenvector centrality mapping are related to cognition and CSF biomarkers: a preliminar
Affective neural circuitry during facial emotion processing in pediatric bipolar  disorder.
The impact of overnight consolidation upon memory for emotional and neutral encoding contexts.
Interactivity and reward-related neural activation during a serious videogame.
Positively biased processing of self-relevant social feedback.
When that tune runs through your head: a PET investigation of auditory imagery for familiar melodies.
Attentional Set-Shifting Deficit in Parkinson’s Disease Is Associated with Prefrontal Dysfunction: An FDG-PET Study
Changes in Effective Connectivity Between Dorsal and Ventral Prefrontal Regions Moderate Emotion Regulation.
Brain activity relating to the contingent negative variation: an fMRI investigation.
Domain-specific and Domain-general Processing in Left Perisylvian Cortex: Evidence from Russian.
fMRI activation during response inhibition and error processing: the role of the  DAT1 gene in typically developing adolescents and those diagnosed with ADHD.
Early Math Achievement and Functional Connectivity in the Fronto-Parietal Network
Cerebral blood flow is diminished in asymptomatic middle-aged adults with maternal history of Alzheimer's disease.
Knowing what from where: Hippocampal connectivity with temporoparietal cortex at  rest is linked to individual differences in semantic and topographic memory.
The influence of age and mild cognitive impairment on associative memory performance and underlying brain networks.
"States of mind: Emotions, body feelings, and thoughts share distributed neural networks"
Neural substrates of choice selection in adults and adolescents: development of the ventrolateral prefrontal and anterior cingulate cortices.
When desire collides with reason: functional interactions between anteroventral prefrontal cortex and nucleus accumbens underlie the human ability to resist impulsive desires.
Activation of cerebellar hemispheres in spatial memorization of saccadic eye movements: an fMRI study.
Structural covariance mapping delineates medial and medio-lateral temporal networks in deja vu.
Retention of identity versus expression of emotional faces differs in the recruitment of limbic areas.
Neural Representations of Observed Actions Generalize across Static and Dynamic Visual Input.
Assessing the function of the fronto-parietal attention network: insights from resting-state fMRI and the attentional network test.
"The spatiotemporal dynamics of illusory contour processing: combined high-density electrical mapping, source analysis, and functional magnetic resonance imaging."
Elaborative verbal encoding and altered anterior parahippocampal activation in adolescents and young adults at genetic risk for schizophrenia using FMRI.
Working memory capacity in schizophrenia: a parametric fMRI study.
Altered neural function during episodic memory encoding and retrieval in major depression.
The neural basis of categorical face perception: graded representations of face gender in fusiform and orbitofrontal cortices.
Action observation and acquired motor skills: an FMRI study with expert dancers.
Correlations between brain structures and study time at home in healthy children: a longitudinal analysis.
Resting-state fMRI activity predicts unsupervised learning and memory in an immersive virtual reality environment.
Dorsolateral prefrontal cortex modulates striatal reward encoding during reappraisal of reward anticipation.
It's in the eye of the beholder: selective attention to drink properties during tasting influences brain activation in gustatory and reward regions.
Electroconvulsive therapy changes the regional resting state function measured by regional homogeneity (ReHo) and amplitude of low frequency fluctuations (ALFF) in elderly major depressive disorder pa
Increased engagement of the cognitive control network associated with music training in children during an fMRI Stroop task.
Imaging of a synchronous neuronal assembly in the human visual brain.
Ipsilateral cortical representation of tactile and painful information in acallosal and callosotomized subjects.
Frontal–Occipital Connectivity During Visual Search
Dissociation in decision bias mechanism between probabilistic information and previous decision.
An initial study of neural responses to monetary incentives as related to treatment outcome in cocaine dependence.
Magnetic resonance fiber density mapping of age-related white matter changes
"Links among resting-state default-mode network, salience network, and symptomatology in schizophrenia."
Lag-based effective connectivity applied to fMRI: a simulation study highlighting dependence on experimental parameters and formulation.
The neural correlates of cognitive control: successful remembering and intentional forgetting.
Understanding otherness: the neural bases of action comprehension and pain empathy in a congenital amputee.
Localizing P300 generators in visual target and distractor processing: a combined event-related potential and functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Caudate dopamine D1 receptor density is associated with individual differences in frontoparietal connectivity during working memory.
Cortical mechanisms of feature-based attentional control.
Neural activity supporting the formation of associative memory versus source memory.
The context-object-manipulation triad: cross talk during action perception revealed by fMRI.
Decoding effector-dependent and effector-independent movement intentions from human parieto-frontal brain activity.
Do we mind other minds when we mind other minds' actions? A functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Neuroimaging of semantic processing in schizophrenia: a parametric priming approach.
A new SPM toolbox for combining probabilistic cytoarchitectonic maps and functional imaging data.
Ha ha! versus aha! a direct comparison of humor to nonhumorous insight for determining the neural correlates of mirth.
Cross-modal pattern of brain activations associated with the processing of self-  and significant other's name.
Genetic influences of resting state fMRI activity in language-related brain regions in healthy controls and schizophrenia patients: a pilot study.
Acute Alcohol Effects on Contextual Memory BOLD Response: Differences Based on Fragmentary Blackout History
Heterogeneity of the left temporal lobe in semantic representation and control: priming multiple versus single meanings of ambiguous words.
Identifying brain imaging correlates of clinical response to repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in major depression
Clinical significance of serological biomarkers and neuropsychological performances in patients with temporal lobe epilepsy
Analysis of the VAV3 as Candidate Gene for Schizophrenia: Evidences From Voxel-Based Morphometry and Mutation Screening
Specific and nonspecific neural activity during selective processing of visual representations in working memory.
Visual Analytics of Brain Networks
Sleep spindles and hippocampal functional connectivity in human NREM sleep.
The engagement of mid-ventrolateral prefrontal cortex and posterior brain regions in intentional cognitive activity.
The timing of perceptual decisions for ambiguous face stimuli in the human ventral visual cortex.
Simultaneous ERP and fMRI of the auditory cortex in a passive oddball paradigm.
Prefrontal selection and medial temporal lobe reactivation in retrieval of short-term verbal information.
When Action Observation Facilitates Visual Perception: Activation in Visuo-Motor  Areas Contributes to Object Recognition.
Brain-to-brain hyperclassification reveals action-specific motor mapping of observed actions in humans.
Modulation of verbal fluency networks by transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) in Parkinson’s disease
Distinct neuronal patterns of positive and negative moral processing in psychopathy.
Relation between changes in neural responsivity and reductions in desire to eat high-calorie foods following gastric bypass surgery
Short-term memory deficits correlate with hippocampal-thalamic functional connectivity alterations following acute sleep restriction.
Differential effects of erythropoietin on neural and cognitive measures of executive function 3 and 7 days post-administration.
Long-term intensive training induced brain structural changes in world class gymnasts.
Gender differences in neural correlates of recognition of happy and sad faces in  humans assessed by functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Person- and Place-Selective Neural Substrates for Entity-Specific Semantic Access.
Altered Functional Connectivity of Fronto-Cingulo-Striatal Circuits during Error  Monitoring in Adolescents with a History of Childhood Abuse.
Enhanced repertoire of brain dynamical states during the psychedelic experience.
Representation of Semantic Similarity in the Left Intraparietal Sulcus: Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Evidence.
Brain structures mediating cardiovascular arousal and interoceptive awareness.
The Neural Basis of Individual Face and Object Perception.
How Auditory Experience Differentially Influences the Function of Left and Right  Superior Temporal Cortices.
Being liked activates primary reward and midline self-related brain regions.
Object-specific semantic coding in human perirhinal cortex.
Learning from other people's experience: a neuroimaging study of decisional interactive-learning.
Do human brain areas involved in visuomotor actions show a preference for real tools over visually similar non-tools?
Comparison of continuous overt speech fMRI using BOLD and arterial spin labeling.
Seeing with the eyes shut: neural basis of enhanced imagery following Ayahuasca ingestion.
Many neighbors are not silent. fMRI evidence for global lexical activity in visual word recognition.
Hyporesponsive reward anticipation in the basal ganglia following severe institutional deprivation early in life.
Word Imageability Enhances Association-memory by Increasing Hippocampal Engagement.
Phantom digit somatotopy: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study in forearm amputees.
Functional relevance of micromodules in the human association cortex delineated with high-resolution FMRI.
Broca's area in the human brain is involved in the selection of grammatical gender for language production: evidence from event-related functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Reduced functional connectivity in early-stage drug-naive Parkinson's disease: a  resting-state fMRI study.
The appreciation of wine by sommeliers: a functional magnetic resonance study of  sensory integration.
Orthographic transparency modulates the functional asymmetry in the fusiform cortex: An artificial language training study
Increased dependence of action selection on recent motor history in Parkinson's disease.
Neural correlates of pre-attentive processing of pattern deviance in professional musicians.
Electrical Tongue Stimulation Normalizes Activity Within the Motion-Sensitive Brain Network in Balance-Impaired Subjects as Revealed by Group Independent Component Analysis
Anxiety Modulates Insula Recruitment in Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging in Youth and Adults
A Spectral Graphical Model Approach for Learning Brain Connectivity Network of Children's Narrative Comprehension
Modality-independent encoding of individual concepts in the left parietal cortex.
"Neural correlates of switching set as measured in fast, event-related functional  magnetic resonance imaging."
Itch and motivation to scratch: an investigation of the central and peripheral correlates of allergen- and histamine-induced itch in humans.
A Neural Correlate of Strategic Exploration at the Onset of Adolescence.
Sadness is unique: neural processing of emotions in speech prosody in musicians and non-musicians.
Investigation of fMRI neurofeedback of differential primary motor cortex activity using kinesthetic motor imagery
Right is not always wrong: DTI and fMRI evidence for the reliance of reading comprehension on language-comprehension networks in the right hemisphere.
Amygdala habituation: A reliable fMRI phenotype.
The cortex-based alignment approach to TMS coil positioning.
Altered ventral striatal activation during reward and punishment processing in premanifest Huntington's disease: A functional magnetic resonance study
Modality-independent decoding of semantic information from the human brain.
Voluntary activation and cortical activity during a sustained maximal contraction: an fMRI study.
Word and position interference in stroop tasks: a behavioral and fMRI study.
"Reward, addiction, and emotion regulation systems associated with rejection in love."
Time-frequency intracranial source localization of feedback-related EEG activity  in hypothesis testing.
Effects of methylphenidate during emotional processing in amphetamine users: preliminary findings.
Encoding and Recognition after TBI: Neuropsychological and fMRI Findings
Dynamic causal models of steady-state responses.
Association of grey matter volume deviation with insight impairment in first-episode affective and non-affective psychosis.
EEG oscillatory patterns are associated with error prediction during music performance and are altered in musician's dystonia.
Differential activation of the frontal pole to high vs low calorie foods: The neural basis of food preference in Anorexia Nervosa?
Neural activation in stress-related exhaustion: Cross-sectional observations and  interventional effects.
Interaction between the human hippocampus and the caudate nucleus during route recognition.
Warmer outdoor temperature is associated with task-related increased BOLD activation in patients with multiple sclerosis.
Age-related changes in the structure and function of prefrontal cortex-amygdala circuitry in children and adolescents: a multi-modal imaging approach.
Significance of longitudinal changes in the default-mode network for cognitive recovery after stroke.
Occipitotemporal Category Representations Are Sensitive to Abstract Category Boundaries Defined by Generalization Demands.
Brain reward responses to food stimuli among female monozygotic twins discordant  for BMI.
Autobiographical significance in past and future public semantic memory: a case-study.
The Effect of Retrieval Focus and Emotional Valence on the Medial Temporal Lobe Activity during Autobiographical Recollection.
Dissociating visual form from lexical frequency using Japanese
Attention orienting dysfunction during salient novel stimulus processing in schizophrenia.
Differences between musicians and non-musicians in neuro-affective processing of  sadness and fear expressed in music.
Not my future? Core values and the neural representation of future events.
Enhanced amygdala reactivity to emotional faces in adults reporting childhood emotional maltreatment.
Negative affect and neural response to palatable food intake in bulimia nervosa
Brain activity associated with omission of an aversive event reveals the effects of fear learning and generalization
The neural basis of executive function in working memory: an fMRI study based on  individual differences.
Hemispheric asymmetries of functional connectivity and grey matter volume in the default mode network
Attentional modulation of object representations in working memory.
Acute changes in frontoparietal activity after repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation over the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in a cued reaction time task.
Longitudinal Brain Development of Numerical Skills in Typically Developing Children and Children with Developmental Dyscalculia.
Changes in regional gray matter volume in women with chronic pelvic pain - a voxel based morphometry study
A preliminary study of functional abnormalities in aMCI subjects during different episodic memory tasks
Machiavellian emotion regulation in a cognitive reappraisal task: An fMRI study.
Neural evidence for Reference-dependence in real-market-transactions.
A neural basis for category and modality specificity of semantic knowledge.
How cognition modulates affective responses to taste and flavor: top-down influences on the orbitofrontal and pregenual cingulate cortices.
Obesity is associated with high serotonin 4 receptor availability in the brain reward circuitry.
The personality trait self-directedness predicts the amygdala’s reaction to appetizing cues in fMRI
The neuronal network involved in self-attribution of an artificial hand: A lesion network-symptom-mapping study.
Cerebral cortical processing of swallowing in older adults.
Functional brain networks underlying perceptual switching: auditory streaming and verbal transformations
An fMRI study comparing brain activation between word generation and electrical stimulation of language-implicated acupoints.
The effect of social content on deductive reasoning: an fMRI study.
Reinstatement of associative memories in early visual cortex is signaled by the hippocampus.
Mechanisms of rule acquisition and rule following in inductive reasoning.
Experience-dependent neural integration of taste and smell in the human brain.
Naturalizing aesthetics: brain areas for aesthetic appraisal across sensory modalities.
Association between symptoms of psychosis and reduced functional connectivity of  auditory cortex.
Neural response to reward as a predictor of increases in depressive symptoms in adolescence
Affective judgment and beneficial decision making: ventromedial prefrontal activity correlates with performance in the Iowa Gambling Task.
The Anterior Temporal Face Area Contains Invariant Representations of Face Identity That Can Persist Despite the Loss of Right FFA and OFA.
Capturing Amplitude Changes of Low-Frequency Fluctuations in Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Signal: A Pilot Acupuncture Study on NeiGuan (PC6)
Is there a critical lesion site for unilateral spatial neglect? A meta-analysis using activation likelihood estimation
Context-dependent changes in functional connectivity of auditory cortices during  the perception of object words.
The neural substrates of conscious color perception demonstrated using fMRI.
Somatotopic organization of human secondary somatosensory cortex.
Cortical functioning in children with developmental coordination disorder: a motor overflow study.
The functional neuroanatomical correlates of response variability: evidence from  a response inhibition task.
Synaesthetic perception of colour and visual space in a blind subject: An fMRI case study
Human parietofrontal networks related to action observation detected at rest.
"Brain motor system function after chronic, complete spinal cord injury."
Brain structural and functional correlates of resilience to Bipolar Disorder.
Individual differences in risk-taking tendencies modulate the neural processing of risky and ambiguous decision-making in adolescence.
"Identification and individualized prediction of clinical phenotypes in bipolar disorders using neurocognitive data, neuroimaging scans and machine learning."
Functional rostro-caudal gradient in the human posterior lateral frontal cortex.
Neural Response during the Activation of the Attachment System in Patients with Borderline Personality Disorder: An fMRI Study.
Complex motor representations may not be preserved after complete spinal cord injury
Transformed Neural Pattern Reinstatement during Episodic Memory Retrieval.
Event frequency modulates the processing of daily life activities in human medial prefrontal cortex.
Effects of the DRD4 genotype on neural networks associated with executive functions in children and adolescents.
Neural Mechanism Underling Comprehension of Narrative Speech and Its Heritability: Study in a Large Population.
Evidence-based guidelines on the therapeutic use of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS).
Neuropsychological correlates of a right unilateral lacunar thalamic infarction.
Default mode network activity and neuropsychological profile in male children and adolescents with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder and conduct disorder.
"Effects of morphine and alcohol on functional brain connectivity during ""resting  state"": a placebo-controlled crossover study in healthy young men."
Neural Correlates of Rewarded Response Inhibition in Youth at Risk for Problematic Alcohol Use.
Determining the optimal level of smoothing in cortical thickness analysis: a hierarchical approach based on sequential statistical thresholding.
Time-resolved decoding of planned delayed and immediate prehension movements.
Waiting to win: elevated striatal and orbitofrontal cortical activity during reward anticipation in euthymic bipolar disorder adults
Prediction of Mild Cognitive Impairment Conversion Using a Combination of Independent Component Analysis and the Cox Model.
Overactivation of fear systems to neutral faces in schizophrenia.
Connectivity of the precuneus-posterior cingulate cortex with the anterior cingulate cortex-medial prefrontal cortex differs consistently between control subjects and first-episode psychosis patients 
Covert orienting of attention and overt eye movements activate identical brain regions.
Individual differences in smoking-related cue reactivity in smokers: An eye-tracking and fMRI study
Unconscious activation of visual cortex in the damaged right hemisphere of a parietal patient with extinction.
Cortical intercorrelations of frontal area volumes in schizophrenia.
Changes in neural connectivity underlie decision threshold modulation for reward  maximization.
The visual word form area and the frequency with which words are encountered: evidence from a parametric fMRI study.
Neural processing of nouns and verbs: the role of inflectional morphology.
Neural correlates (ERP/fMRI) of voluntary selection in adult ADHD patients.
Movement-related neuromagnetic fields in preschool age children.
Creative constraints: Brain activity and network dynamics underlying semantic interference during idea production.
Brain Activations Related to Saccadic Response Conflict are not Sensitive to Time on Task.
Gender differences in brain regional homogeneity of healthy subjects after normal sleep and after sleep deprivation: A resting-state fMRI study
Sustained and transient activity during an object-naming task: a mixed blocked and event-related fMRI study.
Distinct roles of left inferior frontal regions that explain individual differences in second language acquisition.
Functional activity and effective connectivity of the posterior medial prefrontal cortex during processing of incongruent mental states.
The neurobiology of speech perception decline in aging.
BRAIN ACTIVITY UNDERLYING IMPAIRED CONTINENCE CONTROL IN OLDER WOMEN WITH OVERACTIVE BLADDER
The Behavioral Relevance of Task Information in Human Prefrontal Cortex.
Coding of Event Nodes and Narrative Context in the Hippocampus.
Animate and inanimate objects in human visual cortex: Evidence for task-independent category effects.
The effect of sleep deprivation on BOLD activity elicited by a divided attention  task.
Neural correlates of delusion in bipolar depression.
Parietal dysfunction is associated with increased outcome-related decision-making in schizophrenia patients.
The role of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in the inhibition of stereotyped responses.
What Makes the Muscle Twitch: Motor System Connectivity and TMS-Induced Activity.
The different neural correlates of action and functional knowledge in semantic memory: an FMRI study.
Neural overlap of L1 and L2 semantic representations across visual and auditory  modalities: a decoding approach.
Combined permutation test and mixed-effect model for group average analysis in fMRI.
Neuronal network coherent with hand kinematics during fast repetitive hand movements.
Neuroanatomical correlates of episodic encoding and retrieval in young and elderly subjects.
Brain activation to cocaine cues and motivation/treatment status
"Enhanced midbrain response at 6-month follow-up in cocaine addiction, association with reduced drug-related choice"
Body-selective areas in the visual cortex are less active in children than in adults.
Neural Substrates of Empathic Accuracy in People With Schizophrenia
Common structural correlates of trait impulsiveness and perceptual reasoning in adolescence.
The relationship of lyrics and tunes in the processing of unfamiliar songs: a functional magnetic resonance adaptation study.
A three-year longitudinal functional magnetic resonance imaging study of performance monitoring and test-retest reliability from childhood to early adulthood.
Grey matter abnormalities within cortico-limbic-striatal circuits in acute and weight-restored anorexia nervosa patients.
Altered intrinsic brain activity and memory performance improvement in patients with end-stage renal disease during a single dialysis session.
Regional cerebral changes and functional connectivity during the observation of negative emotional stimuli in subjects with post-traumatic stress disorder.
Task-irrelevant visual letters interact with the processing of speech sounds in heteromodal and unimodal cortex.
Glucocorticoid receptor number predicts increase in amygdala activity after severe stress
Functional connectivity delineates distinct roles of the inferior frontal cortex  and presupplementary motor area in stop signal inhibition.
An application of univariate and multivariate approaches in FMRI to quantifying the hemispheric lateralization of acoustic and linguistic processes.
White Matter Development in Adolescence: Diffusion Tensor Imaging and Meta-Analytic Results
Trend detection via temporal difference model predicts inferior prefrontal cortex activation during acquisition of advantageous action selection.
"Modifications in resting state functional anticorrelation between default mode network and dorsal attention network: comparison among young adults, healthy elders and mild cognitive impairment patient"
Characterizing Acupuncture Stimuli Using Brain Imaging with fMRI - A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of the Literature
A voxel-based lesion study on facial emotion recognition after penetrating brain injury
Transient and sustained components of the sensorimotor BOLD response in fMRI
Cognitive and motor loops of the human cerebro-cerebellar system.
Dissociating atrophy and hypometabolism impact on episodic memory in mild cognitive impairment.
Linking language to the visual world: Neural correlates of comprehending verbal reference to objects through pointing and visual cues.
ICA decomposition of EEG signal for fMRI processing in epilepsy.
A role for the right anterior temporal lobe in taste quality recognition.
An fMRI study on the acute effects of exercise on pain processing in trained athletes.
Functional changes during working memory in Huntington's disease: 30-month longitudinal data from the IMAGE-HD study.
The Contribution of Different Cortical Regions to the Control of Spatially Decoupled Eye-Hand Coordination.
Brain response abnormalities during verbal learning among patients with schizophrenia.
Enhanced neural activity in frontal and cerebellar circuits after cognitive training in children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.
Increased resting-state global functional connectivity density of default mode network in schizophrenia subjects treated with electroconvulsive therapy.
Ambivalence about smoking and cue-elicited neural activity in quitting-motivated smokers faced with an opportunity to smoke
Reduced functional connectivity between ventromedial prefrontal cortex and insula relates to longer corrected QT interval in HIV+ and HIV- individuals.
The role of oscillatory brain activity in object processing and figure-ground segmentation in human vision.
Temporal and spectral characteristics of dynamic functional connectivity between  resting-state networks reveal information beyond static connectivity.
Neural correlates of cognitive inflexibility during task-switching in obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Characterising resting-state functional connectivity in a large sample of adults with ADHD
Brain-based origins of change language: A beginning
Differences in White Matter Microstructure Among Children With Developmental Coordination Disorder
Impacts of adrenarcheal DHEA levels on spontaneous cortical activity during development
A functional magnetic resonance imaging investigation of visual hallucinations in the human striate cortex
Upregulation of cognitive control networks in older adults’ speech comprehension
The Motor Basis for Misophonia
Total sleep deprivation alters spontaneous brain activity in medical staff during routine clinical work: a resting-state functional MR imaging study
Altered Brain Function in Cerebral Small Vessel Disease Patients With Gait Disorders: A Resting-State Functional MRI Study
Bariatric Surgery and Brain Health—A Longitudinal Observational Study Investigating the Effect of Surgery on Cognitive Function and Gray Matter Volume
Occupational functional plasticity revealed by brain entropy: A resting-state fMRI study of seafarers.
Variation of the default mode network with altered alertness levels induced by propofol
An adaptive semantic matching paradigm for reliable and valid language mapping in individuals with aphasia.
Intermittent Theta-Burst Stimulation Reverses the After-Effects of Contralateral Virtual Lesion on the Suprahyoid Muscle Cortex: Evidence From Dynamic Functional Connectivity Analysis
The impact of threat of shock-induced anxiety on the neural substrates of memory encoding and retrieval
Dysfunctional Social Reinforcement Processing in Disruptive Behavior Disorders: An Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Quantifying differences in fMRI preprocessing pipelines via OGRE (One-step General Registration and Extraction)
Intrinsic brain activity associated with eye gaze during mother–child interaction
Working memory training restores aberrant brain activity in adult attention‐deficit hyperactivity disorder
Classification of drug-naive children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder from typical development controls using resting-state fMRI and graph theoretical approach
Bariatric surgery in obese patients reduced resting connectivity of brain regions involved with self-referential processing.
Gender difference in network relationship between inter-temporal decisions and prefrontal activation levels in internet gaming disorder
An fMRI study on cortical responses during active self-touch and passive touch from others
Pleasure attainment or self-realization: the balance between two forms of well-beings are encoded in default mode network
Polymorphisms of the μ‐opioid receptor gene influence cerebral pain processing in fibromyalgia
"Integrated Functional Neuroimaging, Monoamine Neurotransmitters, and Behavioral Score on Depressive Tendency in Intensive Care Unit Medical Staffs Induced by Sleep Deprivation After Night Shift Work"
Altered power spectral density in the resting-state sensorimotor network in patients with myotonic dystrophy type 1
Abnormal functional connectivity in psoriasis patients with depression is associated with their clinical symptoms
Self-regulation of the posterior cingulate cortex with real-time fMRI neurofeedback augmented mindfulness training in healthy adolescents: A nonrandomized feasibility study
How do morphological alterations caused by chronic pain distribute across the brain? A meta-analytic co-alteration study
Distinct cortical responses evoked by electrical stimulation of the thalamic ventral intermediate nucleus and of the subthalamic nucleus
Understanding an implicated causality: The brain network for processing concessive relations.
Neuroanatomical variations as a function of experience in a complex daily task: A VBM and DTI study on driving experience.
Real-Time Self-Regulation of Emotion Networks in Patients with Depression
Atypical Neural Activity in Males But Not Females with Autism Spectrum Disorder.
Visual mechanisms for voice‐identity recognition flexibly adjust to auditory noise level
Leptomeningeal Enhancement on 3D-FLAIR MRI in Multiple Sclerosis: Systematic Observations in Clinical Practice.
The shaping of social perception by stimulus and knowledge cues to human animacy
Association of body mass index and its classifications with gray matter volume in individuals with a wide range of body mass index group: A whole-brain magnetic resonance imaging study
Up-regulation of DMN Connectivity in Mild Cognitive Impairment Via Network-based Cognitive Training
Gray Matter Volume Correlates of Sleepiness: A Voxel-Based Morphometry Study in Younger and Older Adults
Changes in Effective Connectivity of the Superior Parietal Lobe during Inhibition and Redirection of Eye Movements
Reduction of Interhemispheric Homotopic Connectivity in Cognitive and Visual Information Processing Pathways in Patients With Thyroid-Associated Ophthalmopathy
Effect of combined naltrexone and bupropion therapy on the brain’s functional connectivity
Two Sides of One Coin: A Comparison of Clinical and Neurobiological Characteristics of Convicted and Non-Convicted Pedophilic Child Sexual Offenders
Machine learning for detecting Wilson's disease by amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation
Enhanced Visual Cortex Activation in People With Narcolepsy Type 1 During Active Sleep Resistance: An fMRI-EEG Study
Decreased thalamo-cortico connectivity during an implicit sequence motor learning task and 7 days escitalopram intake
Racial Discrimination and Resting-State Functional Connectivity of Salience Network Nodes in Trauma-Exposed Black Adults in the United States
Intrinsic functional connectivity of motor and heteromodal association cortex predicts individual differences in regulatory focus
Altered spontaneous brain activity patterns in patients with neovascular glaucoma using amplitude of low‐frequency fluctuations: A functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Establishing a counter-empathy processing model: evidence from functional magnetic resonance imaging
Cortical Processing of Swallowing in ALS Patients with Progressive Dysphagia – A Magnetoencephalographic Study
Increased attentional network activity in premature ejaculation patients with anxiety revealed by resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Mechanisms of Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation on Post-stroke Depression: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study.
Coding of multisensory temporal patterns in human superior temporal sulcus
The role of motor system in action-related language comprehension in L1 and L2: An fMRI study.
"Adverse Effects of the Apolipoprotein E ε4 Allele on Episodic Memory, Task Switching and Gray Matter Volume in Healthy Young Adults"
Differential Neural Processing during Motor Imagery of Daily Activities in Chronic Low Back Pain Patients
Neural interactions in occipitotemporal cortex during basic human movement perception by dynamic causal modeling.
Strengthening spatial reasoning: elucidating the attentional and neural mechanisms associated with mental rotation skill development
"Two separate, but interacting, neural systems for familiarity and novelty detection: a dual-route mechanism."
A comparison of functional brain changes associated with surgical versus behavioral weight loss
"Local and distant relationships between amyloid, tau and neurodegeneration in Alzheimer's Disease"
Cross-sex hormone treatment and own-body perception: behavioral and brain connectivity profiles
Multivoxel pattern analysis reveals dissociations between subjective fear and its physiological correlates
Males are more sensitive to reward and less sensitive to loss than females among people with internet gaming disorder: fMRI evidence from a card-guessing task
Distinct neural substrates of individual differences in components of reading comprehension in adults with or without dyslexia.
Application of Generalized Split Linearized Bregman Iteration algorithm for Alzheimer's disease prediction
"Alteration of the cortical morphology in classical trigeminal neuralgia: voxel-, deformation-, and surface-based analysis"
Altered dynamic brain activity and functional connectivity in thyroid‐associated ophthalmopathy
On nodes and modes in resting state fMRI
Neuroanatomical correlates of reality monitoring in patients with schizophrenia and auditory hallucinations
Decoding expectation and surprise in dementia: the paradigm of music
Aberrant functional metastability and structural connectivity are associated with rumination in individuals with major depressive disorder
Tai Chi Chuan and Baduanjin practice modulates functional connectivity of the cognitive control network in older adults
The Association between DRD3 Ser9Gly Polymorphism and Depression Severity in Parkinson's Disease
"Emotion depends on context, culture and their interaction: evidence from effective connectivity"
fMRI Activities in the Emotional Cerebellum: A Preference for Negative Stimuli and Goal-Directed Behavior
Impaired dynamic functional brain properties and their relationship to symptoms in never treated first-episode patients with schizophrenia
Neural Mechanisms in Eating Behaviors: A Pilot fMRI Study of Emotional Processing
Social Interaction With an Anonymous Opponent Requires Increased Involvement of the Theory of Mind Neural System: An fMRI Study
The neural influence of autobiographical memory related to the parent-child relationship on psychological health in adulthood
Placebo Effect on Modulating Empathic Pain: Reduced Activation in Posterior Insula
In Vivo Evidence of Reduced Integrity of the Gray–White Matter Boundary in Autism Spectrum Disorder
Neural bases of social feedback processing and self–other distinction in late childhood: The role of attachment and age
Region-Specific Slowing of Alpha Oscillations is Associated with Visual-Perceptual Abilities in Children Born Very Preterm
Quantitative susceptibility mapping as a biomarker for evaluating white matter alterations in Parkinson's disease.
Brain Functional Topology Alteration in Right Lateral Occipital Cortex Is Associated With Upper Extremity Motor Recovery
Effect of the interaction between BDNF Val66Met polymorphism and daily physical activity on mean diffusivity.
Reliability of a functional magnetic resonance imaging task of emotional conflict in healthy participants
Application of advanced machine learning methods on resting-state fMRI network for identification of mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer's disease.
Development of Right-hemispheric Dominance of Inferior Parietal Lobule in Proprioceptive Illusion Task
"Association Between Hippocampus, Thalamus, and Caudate in Mild Cognitive Impairment APOEε4 Carriers: A Structural Covariance MRI Study"
Resurrecting Brinley Plots for a Novel Use: Meta-Analyses of Functional Brain Imaging Data in Older Adults
Positron emission tomography assessment of cerebral glucose metabolic rates in autism spectrum disorder and schizophrenia.
ALFF and ReHo Mapping Reveals Different Functional Patterns in Early- and Late-Onset Parkinson’s Disease
Expertise and processing distorted structure in chess
Amodal brain activation and functional connectivity in response to high energy-density food cues in obesity
Distinguishing Syntactic Operations in the Brain: Dependency and Phrase-Structure Parsing
Dopamine regulates decision thresholds in human reinforcement learning in males
Significant Structural Alterations and Functional Connectivity Alterations of Cerebellar Gray Matter in Patients With Somatic Symptom Disorder
Differences in Intrinsic Brain Abnormalities Between Patients With Left- and Right-Sided Long-Term Hearing Impairment
Evidence for unconscious regulation of performance in fatigue
The acts of opening and closing the eyes are of importance for congenital blindness: Evidence from resting-state fMRI.
Mesolimbic dopamine D2 receptors and neural representations of subjective value
Insular and occipital changes in visual snow syndrome: a BOLD fMRI and MRS study
The role of the interaction between the inferior parietal lobule and superior temporal gyrus in the multisensory Go/No-go task.
Contribution of Gray Matter Atrophy and White Matter Damage to Cognitive Impairment in Mildly Disabled Relapsing-Remitting Multiple Sclerosis Patients
Neural substrates of behavioral inhibitory control during the two-choice oddball task: functional neuroimaging evidence
Residual vectors for Alzheimer disease diagnosis and prognostication
Altered spontaneous brain activity pattern in patients with late monocular blindness in middle-age using amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation: a resting-state functional MRI study
Left temporal pole contributes to creative thinking via an individual semantic network.
Abnormal regional spontaneous neural activity in visual pathway in retinal detachment patients: a resting-state functional MRI study
Using quantitative and analytic EEG methods in the understanding of connectivity in autism spectrum disorders: a theory of mixed over- and under-connectivity
Comparison of Sensory Observation and Somatosensory Stimulation in Mirror Neurons and the Sensorimotor Network: A Task-Based fMRI Study
"Ventromedial prefrontal cortex, adding value to autobiographical memories"
Specificity of anhedonic alterations in resting-state network connectivity and structure: A transdiagnostic approach.
Disrupted limbic-prefrontal effective connectivity in response to fearful faces in lifetime depression.
Diffusion MRI–guided theta burst stimulation enhances memory and functional connectivity along the inferior longitudinal fasciculus in mild cognitive impairment
Mind-Reading Ability and Structural Connectivity Changes in Aging
Microstructural changes in the brain in elderly patients with irritable bowel syndrome
Alterations of Myelin Content in Parkinson’s Disease: A Cross-Sectional Neuroimaging Study
Altered parietal operculum cortex 2 functional connectivity in benign paroxysmal positional vertigo patients with residual dizziness: A resting‐state fMRI study
The neuroanatomy of speech sequencing at the syllable level
"Gray matter, white matter and cerebrospinal fluid abnormalities in Parkinson’s disease: A voxel-based morphometry study"
Reliability of neural food cue-reactivity in participants with obesity undergoing bariatric surgery: a 26-week longitudinal fMRI study
"Mapping putative hubs in human, chimpanzee and rhesus macaque connectomes via diffusion tractography."
Neural Correlates of Numerical Estimation: The Role of Strategy Use
Target-oriented motor imagery for grasping action: different characteristics of brain activation between kinesthetic and visual imagery
Cross-sectional and longitudinal associations between total and regional white matter hyperintensity volume and cognitive and motor function in Parkinson's disease
Notip: Non-parametric true discovery proportion control for brain imaging.
Neural correlates of working memory's suppression of aversive olfactory distraction effects.
Resting‐state functional alterations in patients with brain arteriovenous malformations involving language areas
Mediation of episodic memory performance by the executive function network in patients with amnestic mild cognitive impairment: a resting-state functional MRI study
Imaging the effects of age on proactive control in healthy adults.
Altered temporal dynamics of brain activity in patients with generalized tonic-clonic seizures
Altered resting‐state functional connectivity and effective connectivity of the habenula in irritable bowel syndrome: A cross‐sectional and machine learning study
Cortical responses to whole‐body balance perturbations index perturbation magnitude and predict reactive stepping behavior
"Decreased Functional Connectivity Between the Left Amygdala and Frontal Regions Interferes With Reading, Emotional, and Executive Functions in Children With Reading Difficulties"
Alterations of regional homogeneity in pediatric bipolar depression: a resting-state fMRI study
Cortical representation of different taste modalities on the gustatory cortex: A pilot study
Abnormal amygdala functional connectivity and deep learning classification in multifrequency bands in autism spectrum disorder: A multisite functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Reduced resting-state connectivity in areas involved in processing of face-related social cues in female adolescents with atypical anorexia nervosa
The spontaneous activities of the multiple demand network are related to individual differences in indirect replies comprehension.
Age-related similarities and differences in brain activity underlying reversal learning
Theta-Burst Stimulation for Auditory-Verbal Hallucination in Very-Late-Onset Schizophrenia-Like Psychosis—A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Case Study
Hyper-Adaptation in the Human Brain: Functional and Structural Changes in the Foot Section of the Primary Motor Cortex in a Top Wheelchair Racing Paralympian
Complex regional pain syndrome: The matter of white matter?
Aberrant Cerebello-Cerebral Connectivity in Remitted Bipolar Patients 1 and 2: New Insight into Understanding the Cerebellar Role in Mania and Hypomania
Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Reveals Early Connectivity Changes in the Auditory and Vestibular Cortices in Idiopathic Sudden Sensorineural Hearing Loss With Vertigo: A Pilot Study
Visual Hallucinations in Psychosis: The Curious Absence of the Primary Visual Cortex.
Aberrant Functional Connectivity in the Default Mode and Central Executive Networks in Subjects with Schizophrenia – A Whole-Brain Resting-State ICA Study
Neural Correlates of Working Memory Maintenance in Advanced Aging: Evidence From fMRI
Regional brain atrophy in patients with chronic ankle instability: A voxel-based morphometry study
Disrupted Functional Connectivity of Basal Ganglia across Tremor-Dominant and Akinetic/Rigid-Dominant Parkinson’s Disease
Polygenic effects on brain functional endophenotype for deficit and non-deficit schizophrenia
"Functional Connectivity Density, Local Brain Spontaneous Activity, and Their Coupling Strengths in Patients With Borderline Personality Disorder"
Use of functional magnetic resonance imaging to assess cognition and consciousness in severe Guillain-Barré syndrome
Amplitude-modulated stimuli reveal auditory-visual interactions in brain activity and brain connectivity
Hippocampal and Cerebral Blood Flow after Exercise Cessation in Master Athletes
Glucose-level dependent brain hypometabolism in type 2 diabetes mellitus and obesity
Brain functional changes in patients with Crohn's disease: A resting‐state fMRI study
KCTD7-related progressive myoclonic epilepsy: Report of 42 cases and review of literature.
Neural mechanisms of psychosis vulnerability and perceptual abnormalities in the ALS‐FTD spectrum
Altered Functional Connectivity in Children With Low-Function Autism Spectrum Disorders
From Reference to Sense: How the Brain Encodes Meaning for Speaking
"Dopamine-dependent cognitive processes after menopause: the relationship between COMT genotype, estradiol, and working memory."
Breakdown of the affective‐cognitive network in functional dystonia
Improving Prefrontal Cortex Function in Schizophrenia Through Focused Training of Cognitive Control
Functional Dysconnectivity of Frontal Cortex to Striatum Predicts Ketamine Infusion Response in Treatment-Resistant Depression
Interference during the retrieval of arithmetic and lexico-semantic knowledge modulates similar brain regions: Evidence from functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI)
Impaired Emotional Mirroring in Parkinson’s Disease—A Study on Brain Activation during Processing of Facial Expressions
Vertex Stimulation as a Control Site for Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation: A Concurrent TMS/fMRI Study
Altered spontaneous brain activity during dobutamine challenge in healthy young adults: A resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Rapid simultaneous high-resolution mapping of myelin water fraction and relaxation times in human brain using BMC-mcDESPOT.
Cortical Thickness Alterations in Patients With Tinnitus Before and After Sound Therapy: A Surface-Based Morphometry Study
Assessing the Psychedelic “After-Glow” in Ayahuasca Users: Post-Acute Neurometabolic and Functional Connectivity Changes Are Associated with Enhanced Mindfulness Capacities
Differential associations between apolipoprotein E alleles and cerebral myelin content in normative aging.
Trail Making Test Part A and Brain Perfusion Imaging in Mild Alzheimer's Disease
Alternating-color words influence Chinese sentence reading: Evidence from neural connectivity.
Contributions of default mode network stability and deactivation to adolescent task engagement
Task Performance Modulates Functional Connectivity Involving the Dorsolateral Prefrontal Cortex in Patients with Schizophrenia
Gray Matter Volume and Resting-State Functional Connectivity of the Motor Cortex-Cerebellum Network Reflect the Individual Variation in Masticatory Performance in Healthy Elderly People
Cerebellar contributions to sequence prediction in verbal working memory
Testosterone administration does not alter the brain activity supporting cognitive and affective empathy
Altered fMRI Connectivity Dynamics in Temporal Lobe Epilepsy Might Explain Seizure Semiology
Regional Gray Matter Atrophy Coexistent with Occipital Periventricular White Matter Hyper Intensities
Matched neurofeedback during fMRI differentially activates reward-related circuits in active and sham groups.
Brain activation by a VR-based motor imagery and observation task: An fMRI study
"Abstract Representations of Emotions Perceived From the Face, Body, and Whole-Person Expressions in the Left Postcentral Gyrus"
Global Brain Involvement in Posterior Cortical Atrophy: Multimodal MR Imaging Investigation.
Neural correlates of top‐down modulation of haptic shape versus roughness perception
Fast reproducible identification and large-scale databasing of individual functional cognitive networks
"The MIR137 VNTR rs58335419 Is Associated With Cognitive
Impairment in Schizophrenia and Altered Cortical Morphology"
Exposure in vivo Induced Changes in Neural Circuitry for Pain-Related Fear: A Longitudinal fMRI Study in Chronic Low Back Pain
Bimodal electroencephalography-functional magnetic resonance imaging dataset for inner-speech recognition
Altered cortical thickness and emotional dysregulation in adolescents with borderline personality disorder
Neural changes associated with appetite information processing in schizophrenic patients after 16 weeks of olanzapine treatment
Gray Matter Changes in the Orbitofrontal-Paralimbic Cortex in Male Youths With Non-comorbid Conduct Disorder
Resting state connectivity differences in eyes open versus eyes closed conditions.
Conscious expectancy rather than associative strength elicits brain activity during single-cue fear conditioning
"Structure, function and connectivity fingerprints of the frontal eye field versus the inferior frontal junction: A comprehensive comparison"
Cortical thickness and functional connectivity changes in Chinese chess experts
Response Hand and Motor Set Differentially Modulate the Connectivity of Brain Pathways During Simple Uni-manual Motor Behavior.
Cortical Grey Matter and Subcortical White Matter Brain Microstructural Changes in Schizophrenia Are Localised and Age Independent: A Case-Control Diffusion Tensor Imaging Study
Effect of combined naltrexone and bupropion therapy on the brain's reactivity to food cues
The Instant and Sustained Effect of Electroacupuncture in Postgraduate Students with Depression: An fMRI Study
Neural dynamics underlying emotional transmissions between individuals
Comparing the test–retest reliability of resting‐state functional magnetic resonance imaging metrics across single band and multiband acquisitions in the context of healthy aging
Cognitive inflexibility is linked to abnormal frontoparietal‐related activation and connectivity in obsessive‐compulsive disorder
White Matter Integrity Is Associated With the Amount of Physical Activity in Older Adults With Super-aging
Neurodegenerative disease diagnosis using incomplete multi-modality data via matrix shrinkage and completion.
Resting‐state functional magnetic resonance imaging versus task‐based activity for language mapping and correlation with perioperative cortical mapping
Neural substrates of the ability to recognize facial expressions: a voxel-based morphometry study
Neuronal populations in the occipital cortex of the blind synchronize to the temporal dynamics of speech
The Neural Basis of Speech Perception through Lipreading and Manual Cues: Evidence from Deaf Native Users of Cued Speech
Renormalization of Thalamic Sub-Regional Functional Connectivity Contributes to Improvement of Cognitive Function after Liver Transplantation in Cirrhotic Patients with Overt Hepatic Encephalopathy
Morphological Changes in Cortical and Subcortical Structures in Multiple System Atrophy Patients With Mild Cognitive Impairment
Increased neural differentiation after a single session of aerobic exercise in older adults.
Intrinsic brain abnormalities in female major depressive disorder patients with childhood trauma: A resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Intrinsic network connectivity reflects the cyclic trajectory of migraine attacks
Changes in structure and perfusion of grey matter tissues during recovery from Ischaemic subcortical stroke: a longitudinal MRI study.
Transcutaneous Auricular Vagus Nerve Stimulation Modulates the Prefrontal Cortex in Chronic Insomnia Patients: fMRI Study in the First Session
Sex-Dependent Alterations of Regional Homogeneity in Cigarette Smokers
The Cerebellum Posterior Lobe Associates with the Exophthalmos of Primary Hyperthyroidism: A Resting-State fMRI Study
"Disrupted interactions among the hippocampal, dorsal attention, and central-executive networks in amnestic mild cognitive impairment."
The effects of sleep on the neural correlates of pattern separation.
Trying to Put the Puzzle Together: Age and Performance Level Modulate the Neural Response to Increasing Task Load within Left Rostral Prefrontal Cortex
Neural substrates of parallel devaluation-sensitive and devaluation-insensitive Pavlovian learning in humans
Brain activity pattern changes after adaptive working memory training in multiple sclerosis
Associations between thalamocortical functional connectivity and sensory over-responsivity in infants at high likelihood for ASD.
Neural Correlates of Long-Term Memory Enhancement Following Retrieval Practice
Reading Braille by Touch Recruits Posterior Parietal Cortex.
The neural signature of reality‐monitoring: A meta‐analysis of functional neuroimaging studies
Antiepileptic Drug of Levetiracetam Decreases Centrotemporal Spike-Associated Activation in Rolandic Epilepsy
A neuroscientific evaluation of driver rehabilitation: Functional neuroimaging demonstrates the effectiveness of empathy induction in altering brain responses during social information processing
Relationships between dietary nutrients intake and lipid levels with functional MRI dorsolateral prefrontal cortex activation
A Computational Model for the Automatic Diagnosis of Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder Based on Functional Brain Volume
Functional Brain Connectivity in Mild Cognitive Impairment With Sleep Disorders: A Study Based on Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging
A Cross-Sectional Study: Structural and Related Functional Connectivity Changes in the Brain: Stigmata of Adverse Parenting in Patients with Major Depressive Disorder?
Left Amygdala and Putamen Activation Modulate Emotion Driven Decisions in the Iterated Prisoner’s Dilemma Game
The relationship between resting‐state amplitude fluctuations and memory‐related deactivations of the default mode network in young and older adults
Alcohol use disorder and cannabis use disorder symptomatology in adolescents are differentially related to dysfunction in brain regions supporting face processing.
Subfield-specific loss of hippocampal N-acetyl aspartate in temporal lobe epilepsy.
Understanding the attitude of others by hearing action sounds: the role of the insula
"Common and unique connectivity at the interface of motor, neuropsychiatric, and cognitive symptoms in Parkinson's disease: A commonality analysis"
Stronger right hemisphere functional connectivity supports executive aspects of language in older adults.
MRI Study of Minor Physical Anomaly in Childhood Autism Implicates Aberrant Neurodevelopment in Infancy
Is There a Difference in Brain Functional Connectivity between Chinese Coal Mine Workers Who Have Engaged in Unsafe Behavior and Those Who Have Not?
Interpretation of Social Interactions: Functional Imaging of Cognitive-Semiotic Categories During Naturalistic Viewing
Distinct aberrations in cerebral pain processing differentiating patients with fibromyalgia from patients with rheumatoid arthritis
Non-predictive online spatial coding in the posterior parietal cortex when aiming ahead for catching
Connectivity of Frontoparietal Regions Reveals Executive Attention and Consciousness Interactions.
The neurobiological underpinning of the social cognition impairments in patients with spinocerebellar ataxia type 2.
The Effects of Methylphenidate on Cognitive Control in Active Methamphetamine Dependence Using Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging
Observation of sonified movements engages a basal ganglia frontocortical network
Longitudinal resting-state functional connectivity and regional brain atrophy-based biomarkers of preclinical cognitive impairment in healthy old adults.
The brain’s conversation with itself: neural substrates of dialogic inner speech
Spatiotemporal Dynamics of Affective and Semantic Valence Among Women
Aberrant Brain Functional Connectivity Strength and Effective Connectivity in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus
Neural Substrates of Visual Spatial Coding and Visual Feedback Control for Hand Movements in Allocentric and Target-Directed Tasks
Acupuncture modulates cortical thickness and functional connectivity in knee osteoarthritis patients
Regional brain activity of resting-state fMRI and auditory oddball ERP with multimodal approach in individuals with internet gaming disorder
Brain structures associated with individual differences in decisional and emotional forgiveness.
Anterior insula activity and the effect of agency on the Stimulus-Preceding Negativity.
Neural predisposing factors of postoperative delirium in elderly patients with femoral neck fracture
Foresight beats hindsight: The neural correlates underlying motor preparation in the pro‐/anti‐cue paradigm
Vestibulo-Hippocampal Function Is Enhanced and Brain Structure Altered in Professional Ballet Dancers
Dissociating frontal and temporal correlates of phonological and semantic fluency in a large sample of left hemisphere stroke patients
"Associations of Brain Reactivity to Food Cues with Weight Loss, Protein Intake and Dietary Restraint during the PREVIEW Intervention"
Neural processing of prototypicality and simplicity of product design in forming design preferences
Effect of total sleep deprivation on effective EEG connectivity for young male in resting-state networks in different eye states
Quantifying neural efficiency and neural capacity across the brain during a working memory task using a quadratic model of neural-cognitive relationships.
Modulation of prefrontal connectivity in postherpetic neuralgia patients with chronic pain: a resting-state functional magnetic resonance-imaging study
Effects of Different Cognitive Trainings on Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment in the Elderly: A One-Year Longitudinal Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) Study
Investigating the Impact of the Missing Significant Objects in Scene Recognition Using Multivariate Pattern Analysis
Regions with Altered Degree Centrality and Their Functional Connectivity in First-Episode Drug-Naïve Major Depressive Disorder: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Mapping the neural systems driving breathing at the transition to unconsciousness.
SNP Haplotype Mapping in a Small ALS Family
Dyad sex composition effect on inter-brain synchronization in face-to-face cooperation.
Rice Grain Quality and Consumer Preferences: A Case Study of Two Rural Towns in the Philippines
Cognitive Implications of Correlated Structural Network Changes in Schizophrenia
Always on my mind: Cross-brain associations of mental health symptoms during simultaneous parent-child scanning
Dynamic Alterations in Spontaneous Neural Activity in Multiple Brain Networks in Subacute Stroke Patients: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Neurohemodynamic correlates of ‘OM’ chanting: A pilot functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Brain Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Cue-reactivity Can Predict Baclofen Response in Alcohol Use Disorders
Theta Burst Stimulation Enhances Connectivity of the Dorsal Attention Network in Young Healthy Subjects: An Exploratory Study
Medial Orbitofrontal De-Activation During Tonic Cold Pain Stimulation: A fMRI Study Examining the Opponent-Process Theory
Altered Default Mode Network and Salience Network Functional Connectivity in Patients with Generalized Anxiety Disorders: An ICA-Based Resting-State fMRI Study
Neurotoxicity in breast cancer survivors ≥10 years post-treatment is dependent on treatment type.
Connectivity alterations of mesostriatal pathways in first episode psychosis
Changes in functional connectivity among vestibulo-visuo-somatosensory and spatial cognitive cortical areas in persistent postural-perceptual dizziness: resting-state fMRI studies before and after visual stimulation
Prefrontal activation in suicide attempters during decision making with emotional feedback
Prediction of anxious depression using multimodal neuroimaging and machine learning.
An Enduring Role for Hippocampal Pattern Completion in Addition to an Emergent Nonhippocampal Contribution to Holistic Episodic Retrieval after a 24 h Delay
Structural disconnectome mapping of cognitive function in poststroke patients
Le Petit Prince multilingual naturalistic fMRI corpus
Parkinson's disease with mild cognitive impairment: severe cortical thinning antedates dementia.
Gray matter and white matter changes in non-demented amyotrophic lateral sclerosis patients with or without cognitive impairment: A combined voxel-based morphometry and tract-based spatial statistics whole-brain analysis.
Facial Expression Recognition and ReHo Analysis in Major Depressive Disorder
Autologous Mesenchymal Stem Cells in Chronic Stroke
Changes in the Brain Metabolism Associated with Central Post-Stroke Pain in Hemorrhagic Pontine Stroke: An 18F-FDG-PET Study of the Brain
Neural correlates of emotional reactivity and regulation in traumatized North Korean refugees
Brain structural changes after multi‐strategic metamemory training in older adults with subjective memory complaints: A randomized controlled trial
The response relevance of visual stimuli modulates the P3 component and the underlying sensorimotor network
Interactive effects of the APOE and BDNF polymorphisms on functional brain connectivity: the Tasmanian Healthy Brain Project
Abnormal functional connectivity of the amygdala is associated with depressive symptoms in patients with multiple system atrophy
"Cortical morphometric changes associated with completeness, level, and duration of spinal cord injury in humans: A case–control study"
Effects of Mnemonic Strategy Training on Brain Activity and Cognitive Functioning of Left-Hemisphere Ischemic Stroke Patients
The formation of source memory under distraction
The functional connectivity and neuropsychology underlying mental planning operations: data from the digital clock drawing test
"Occupation-related effects on motor cortex thickness among older, cognitive healthy individuals"
Distinctive Association of the Functional Connectivity of the Posterior Cingulate Cortex on Memory Performances in Early and Late Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment Patients
Imaging of Morphological Background in Selected Functional and Inflammatory Gastrointestinal Diseases in fMRI
Predicting the outcome of non-pharmacological treatment for patients with dementia-related mild cognitive impairment
Mechanisms Underlying Unconscious Processing and Their Alterations in Post-traumatic Stress Disorder: Neuroimaging of Zero Monetary Outcomes Contextually Framed as “No Losses” vs. “No Gains”
"Effects of web-based mindfulness training on psychological outcomes, attention, and neuroplasticity"
The Brain Network of Expectancy and Uncertainty Processing
Conceptual disorganization and redistribution of resting-state cortical hubs in untreated first-episode psychosis: A 7T study
Functional connectivity modulations during offset analgesia in chronic pain patients: an fMRI study.
Differential Influence of Acupuncture Somatosensory and Cognitive/Affective Components on Functional Brain Connectivity and Pain Reduction During Low Back Pain State
Behavioral and neural underpinnings of empathic characteristics in a Humanitude-care expert
Lifespan anxiety is reflected in human amygdala cortical connectivity
Success and failure of controlling the real‐time functional magnetic resonance imaging neurofeedback signal are reflected in the striatum
Association of the interleukin 1 beta gene and brain spontaneous activity in amnestic mild cognitive impairment
Loss of Microstructural Integrity in the Limbic-Subcortical Networks for Acute Symptomatic Traumatic Brain Injury
Different Brain Network Activations Induced by Modulation and Nonmodulation Laser Acupuncture
Personality Differences of Brain Networks in Placebo Analgesia and Nocebo Hyperalgesia: A Psychophysiological Interaction (PPI) Approach in fMRI
Dynamic human and avatar facial expressions elicit differential brain responses
Analysis of cerebral blood flow of subcortical vascular dementia with single photon emission computed tomography: adaptation of statistical parametric mapping.
Altered Functional Connectivity of the Basal Nucleus of Meynert in Mild Cognitive Impairment: A Resting-State fMRI Study
The abnormal reward network associated with insomnia severity and depression in chronic insomnia disorder.
"MRI-texture analysis of corpus callosum, thalamus, putamen, and caudate in Machado-Joseph disease."
"Random Forest Classification of Alcohol Use Disorder Using fMRI Functional Connectivity, Neuropsychological Functioning, and Impulsivity Measures"
Multi-Strain Probiotic Mixture Affects Brain Morphology and Resting State Brain Function in Healthy Subjects: An RCT
Better Executive Functions Are Associated With More Efficient Cognitive Pain Modulation in Older Adults: An fMRI Study
Modulation of brain activation during executive functioning in autism with citalopram
When opposites lead to the same: a direct comparison of explicit and implicit disgust regulation via fMRI
Cerebral processing of sharp mechanical pain measured with arterial spin labeling
Neural correlates and predictors of subjective cognitive decline in patients with Parkinson’s disease
Individual- and Connectivity-Based Real-Time fMRI Neurofeedback to Modulate Emotion-Related Brain Responses in Patients with Depression: A Pilot Study
Neural Signatures of Error Processing in Depressed Adolescents with Comorbid Non-Suicidal Self-Injury (NSSI)
Neural correlates of the attention training technique as used in metacognitive therapy – A randomized sham-controlled fMRI study in healthy volunteers
Neural correlates of negative and disease-specific emotional stimuli in panic disorder: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Mapping Progressive Gray Matter Alterations in Early Childhood Autistic Brain.
Intrinsic functional connectivity of blue and red brains: neurobiological evidence of different stress resilience between political attitudes
The importance of covert memory consolidation in schizophrenia: Dysfunctional network profiles of the hippocampus and the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex.
"Targeting pain catastrophization in patients with fibromyalgia using virtual
reality exposure therapy: a proof-of-concept study"
Altered Functional Activity and Functional Connectivity of Seed Regions Based on ALFF Following Acupuncture Treatment in Patients with Stroke Sequelae with Unilateral Limb Numbness
Brain Plasticity in Charcot-Marie-Tooth Type 1A Patients? A Combined Structural and Diffusion MRI Study
Functional connectivity alterations in the thalamus among patients with bronchial asthma
Motor Response Selection in Overt Sentence Production: A Functional MRI Study
Distinct roles of temporal and frontoparietal cortex in representing actions across vision and language
Reduced Hippocampal Functional Connectivity During Episodic Memory Retrieval in Autism
Selective extinction through cognitive evaluation: Linking emotion regulation and extinction.
Using support vector machine to explore the difference of function connection between deficit and non-deficit schizophrenia based on gray matter volume
Stimulus Variability Affects the Amplitude of the Auditory Steady-State Response
Investigating the effect of hippocampal sclerosis on parietal memory network
"Reduced Metabolism in Brain “Control Networks” following
Cocaine-Cues Exposure in Female Cocaine Abusers"
Comparison of ApoE-related brain connectivity differences in early MCI and normal aging populations: an fMRI study.
Olfactory functional covariance connectivity in Parkinson’s disease: Evidence from a Chinese population
"Abnormal Functional Connectivity in Cognitive Control Network, Default Mode Network, and Visual Attention Network in Internet Addiction: A Resting-State fMRI Study"
fMRI prediction of naming change after adult temporal lobe epilepsy surgery: Activation matters.
Greater functional connectivity within the cingulo-opercular and ventral attention networks is related to better fluent reading: A resting-state functional connectivity study
Oxytocin reduces neural activation in response to infant faces in nulliparous young women
"Thumbs up: Imagined hand movements counteract the adverse effects of post-surgical hand immobilization. Clinical, behavioral, and fMRI longitudinal observations"
Emotion-Induced Topological Changes in Functional Brain Networks.
Brain structural changes and neuropsychological impairments in male polydipsic schizophrenia
Assessment of synchronous neural activities revealed by regional homogeneity in individuals with acute eye pain: a resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Disruption of large-scale neural networks in non-fluent/agrammatic variant primary progressive aphasia associated with frontotemporal degeneration pathology.
Affective and cooperative social interactions modulate effective connectivity within and between the mirror and mentalizing systems.
A brain network for deep brain stimulation induced cognitive decline in Parkinson’s disease
Abnormal Resting-State Functional Connectivity of Insular Subregions and Disrupted Correlation with Working Memory in Adults with Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder
Neuroanatomical differences in Latinx children from rural farmworker families and urban non-farmworker families and related associations with pesticide exposure
A Counting Stroop Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study on the Effects of ORADUR-Methylphenidate in Drug-Naive Children with Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder
Resting-state functional connectivity of salience network in schizophrenia and depression
Altered neural intrinsic oscillations in patients with multiple sclerosis: effects of cortical thickness
"Functional MRI activation in response to panic-specific, non-panic aversive, and neutral pictures in patients with panic disorder and healthy controls."
Shedding light on the prefrontal correlates of mental workload in simulated driving: a functional near-infrared spectroscopy study
Changes in brain structure and related functional connectivity during menstruation in women with primary dysmenorrhea
Processing of Intentional and Automatic Number Magnitudes in Children Born Prematurely: Evidence From fMRI
Failure in Cognitive Suppression of Negative Affect in Adolescents with Generalized Anxiety Disorder
Alterations of Regional Homogeneity in Parkinson’s Disease with Rapid Eye Movement Sleep Behavior Disorder
Neural Basis of Increased Cognitive Control of Impulsivity During the Mid-Luteal Phase Relative to the Late Follicular Phase of the Menstrual Cycle
Cortical Thickness Links Impulsive Personality Traits and Risky Behavior
The Correlation of Reduced Fractional Anisotropy in the Cingulum With Suicide Risk in Bipolar Disorder
Multi-modal representation of effector modality in frontal cortex during rule switching
Motivation alters impression formation and related neural systems
Top-down and bottom-up modulation of language related areas – An fMRI Study
Neural correlates of affective contributions to lexical decisions in children and adults
Women and men exhibit different cortical activation patterns during mental rotation tasks.
Attention network modulation via tRNS correlates with attention gain
Exposure to gestational diabetes mellitus in utero impacts hippocampal functional connectivity in response to food cues in children
Neural bases of ingroup altruistic motivation in soccer fans
"Association Between sTREM2, an Immune Biomarker of Microglial Activation, and Aging-Related Brain Volume Changes in Community-Dwelling Older Adults: A 7-Year Follow-Up Study"
Aberrant Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuation and Degree Centrality within the Default Mode Network in Patients with Vascular Mild Cognitive Impairment
Neural Correlates of Divided Attention in Natural Scenes.
Arousal modulates the amygdala-insula reciprocal connectivity during naturalistic emotional movie watching.
Longitudinal brain atlases of early developing cynomolgus macaques from birth to 48 months of age.
Changes in Default-Mode Network Associated With Childhood Trauma in Schizophrenia
Altered resting-state brain activity in Parkinson’s disease patients with freezing of gait
Strategic filtering of high-energy visible light expands neural correlates of functional vision particularly in older participants
Working Memory Alterations After a Romantic Relationship Breakup
"Patients with primary biliary cholangitis and fatigue present with depressive symptoms and selected cognitive deficits, but with normal attention performance and brain structure"
Reduced Global-Brain Functional Connectivity and Its Relationship With Symptomatic Severity in Cervical Dystonia
The Association Between Precuneus Function and Residual Dizziness in Patients With Benign Paroxysmal Positional Vertigo
Cognitive Benefits of Social Dancing and Walking in Old Age: The Dancing Mind Randomized Controlled Trial
Neural mechanisms of affective matching across faces and scenes
Identifying and validating subtypes of Parkinson's disease based on multimodal MRI data via hierarchical clustering analysis
An Overview on Cognitive Function Enhancement through Physical Exercises
Abnormal Functional Connectivity Density in Post-traumatic Stress Disorder.
Self-Regulation of SMR Power Led to an Enhancement of Functional Connectivity of Somatomotor Cortices in Fibromyalgia Patients
Abnormal Voxel-Based Degree Centrality in Patients With Postpartum Depression: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Retrieval of Recent Autobiographical Memories is Associated with Slow-Wave Sleep in Early AD
Development of attentional networks during childhood and adolescence: A functional MRI study
Neural correlates of deception: lying about past events and personal beliefs
Neural responses in the pain matrix when observing pain of others are unaffected by testosterone administration in women
"The morphometric co-atrophy networking of schizophrenia, autistic and obsessive spectrum disorders."
Gray matter differences between pediatric obsessive-compulsive disorder patients and high-risk siblings: a preliminary voxel-based morphometry study.
Neural correlates of impulsivity factors in psychiatric patients and healthy volunteers: a voxel-based morphometry study.
Neural substrates of human fear generalization: A 7T-fMRI investigation.
Effect of Expectation on Pain Processing: A Psychophysics and Functional MRI Analysis
"Fatigue in brain tumor patients, towards a neuronal biomarker"
Acoustic Stimuli Can Improve and Impair Somatosensory Perception
Exercise Training-Related Changes in Cortical Gray Matter Diffusivity and Cognitive Function in Mild Cognitive Impairment and Healthy Older Adults
The neural basis of compound word processing revealed by varying semantic transparency and morphemic neighborhood size.
Micro- and Macrostructural White Matter Integrity in Never-Treated and Currently Unmedicated Patients With Schizophrenia and Effects of Short-Term Antipsychotic Treatment.
Patients’ sense of responsibility to healthcare providers and its predictors: A national cross-sectional survey in China
Structural brain abnormalities in cervical dystonia
Reward system and temporal pole contributions to affective evaluation during a first person shooter video game
"Beyond Dizziness: Virtual Navigation, Spatial Anxiety and Hippocampal Volume in Bilateral Vestibulopathy"
Verbal Memory Deficits Are Correlated with Prefrontal Hypometabolism in 18FDG PET of Recreational MDMA Users
Early stage of radiological expertise modulates resting-state local coherence in the inferior temporal lobe
Structural alterations of brain in different disease states of Crohn's disease: Results of a cross-sectional study in a Chinese hospital
Altered intrinsic functional network connectivity is associated with impulsivity and emotion dysregulation in drug-naïve young patients with borderline personality disorder
A resting‐state study of volumetric and functional connectivity of the habenular nucleus in treatment‐resistant depression patients
Understanding the neural basis of episodic amnesia in logopenic progressive aphasia: A multimodal neuroimaging study.
Neuroanatomical deficits shared by youth with autism spectrum disorders and psychotic disorders.
Predicting visual working memory with multimodal magnetic resonance imaging
Brain networks underlying vulnerability and resilience to drug addiction
Association of thalamic hyperactivity with treatment-resistant depression and poor response in early treatment for major depression: a resting-state fMRI study using fractional amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations
Not Only in Sensorimotor Network: Local and Distant Cerebral Inherent Activity of Chronic Ankle Instability—A Resting-State fMRI Study
Anterior cingulate gyrus acts as a moderator of the relationship between problematic mobile phone use and depressive symptoms in college students
Prefrontal and striatal dopamine D2/D3 receptors correlate with fMRI BOLD activation during stopping
"A randomized trial that compared brain activity, efficacy and plausibility of open-label placebo treatment and cognitive reappraisal for reducing emotional distress"
Resting-state functional connectivity of the amygdala subregions in unmedicated patients with obsessive–compulsive disorder before and after cognitive behavioural therapy
Implicit processing of emotional words by children with Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder: An fMRI investigation
Hyperactivity of Basal Ganglia in Patients With Parkinson's Disease During Internally Guided Voluntary Movements
Brain responses to odor mixtures with sub-threshold components
Functional Interplay Between Posterior Parietal Cortex and Hippocampus During Detection of Memory Targets and Non-targets
A voxel-based morphometry study of young occasional users of amphetamine-type stimulants and cocaine.
Effects of Maternal Fish Oil and/or 5-Methyl-Tetrahydrofolate Supplementation during Pregnancy on Offspring Brain Resting-State at 10 Years Old: A Follow-Up Study from the NUHEAL Randomized Controlled Trial
Pathological buying on the rise? Compensative and compulsive buying in Poland in the pre- and (Post-)pandemic times
Voxel-based morphometry and Voxel-based relaxometry in parkinsonian variant of multiple system atrophy.
Jumping the gun: is effective preparation contingent upon anticipatory activation in task-relevant neural circuitry?
Semantic and syntactic specialization during auditory sentence processing in 7-8-year-old children.
Changes in Resting-State Neural Activity and Nerve Fibres in Ischaemic Stroke Patients with Hemiplegia.
Right hemisphere brain lateralization for knee proprioception among right-limb dominant individuals
Differentiation of schizophrenia using structural MRI with consideration of scanner differences: A real‐world multisite study
Identifying Internet Addiction and Evaluating the Efficacy of Treatment Based on Functional Connectivity Density: A Machine Learning Study
Linking personality and brain anatomy: a structural MRI approach to Reinforcement Sensitivity Theory
The Neural Correlates of Spoken Sentence Comprehension in the Chinese Language: An fMRI Study
Hippocampal Subregions Across the Psychosis Spectrum.
Altered hypothalamic functional connectivity in post-traumatic headache after mild traumatic brain injury
An integration framework for linking avifauna niche and forest landscape models
Distinct serum GDNF coupling with brain structural and functional changes underlies cognitive status in Parkinson's disease
Exploring attention in the bilingualism continuum: A resting-state functional connectivity study.
Brain mechanisms for loss of awareness of thought and movement
Relation of Childhood Home Environment to Cortical Thickness in Late Adolescence: Specificity of Experience and Timing
Network-level functional connectivity alterations in chemotherapy treated breast cancer patients: a longitudinal resting state functional MRI study
Functional brain activity in patients with amnestic mild cognitive impairment: an rs-fMRI study
Association between childhood trauma and white matter deficits in first-episode schizophrenia.
Degrading traumatic memories with eye movements: a pilot functional MRI study in PTSD
Differential Brain Activity in Regions Linked to Visuospatial Processing During Landmark-Based Navigation in Young and Healthy Older Adults
Children With Dyscalculia Show Hippocampal Hyperactivity During Symbolic Number Perception
Gray Matter Abnormalities in Non-comorbid Medication-naive Patients with Major Depressive Disorder or Social Anxiety Disorder
Is genetic risk of ADHD mediated via dopaminergic mechanism? A study of functional connectivity in ADHD and pharmacologically challenged healthy volunteers with a genetic risk profile
Hard to look on the bright side: neural correlates of impaired emotion regulation in depressed youth
Functional Dissociation of the Posterior and Anterior Insula in Moral Disgust
Challenge for Affective Brain-Computer Interfaces: Non-stationary Spatio-spectral EEG Oscillations of Emotional Responses
Reduction in gray matter of cerebellum in schizophrenia and its influence on static and dynamic connectivity.
Functional phenotyping of successful aging in long-term memory: Preserved performance in the absence of neural compensation.
Cortical thinning and altered functional brain coherence in survivors of childhood sarcoma.
Identifying the Alteration Patterns of Brain Functional Connectivity in Progressive Mild Cognitive Impairment Patients: A Longitudinal Whole-Brain Voxel-Wise Degree Analysis
Potential Alterations of Functional Connectivity Analysis in the Patients with Chronic Prostatitis/Chronic Pelvic Pain Syndrome
Domain-general subregions of the medial prefrontal cortex contribute to recovery of language after stroke
An examination of Intolerance of Uncertainty and contingency instruction on multiple indices during threat acquisition and extinction training.
In the back of your mind: Cortical mapping of paraspinal afferent inputs
Are you really cursing? Neural processing of taboo words in native and foreign language.
Grey matter changes of the pain matrix in patients with burning mouth syndrome.
Shunt Surgery Efficacy Is Correlated With Baseline Cerebrum Perfusion in Idiopathic Normal Pressure Hydrocephalus: A 3D Pulsed Arterial-Spin Labeling Study
Somatosensory Brain Function and Gray Matter Regional Volumes Differ According to Exercise History: Evidence from Monozygotic Twins.
Hypnotic analgesia reduces brain responses to pain seen in others
Impaired Adaptive Motor Learning Is Correlated With Cerebellar Hemispheric Gray Matter Atrophy in Spinocerebellar Ataxia Patients: A Voxel-Based Morphometry Study
The Neural Representations of Movement across Semantic Categories.
Role of the Hippocampus During Logical Reasoning and Belief Bias in Aging
Functional MRI Study of Working Memory Impairment in Patients with Symptomatic Carotid Artery Disease
Brooding Is Related to Neural Alterations during Autobiographical Memory Retrieval in Aging
Local response heterogeneity indexes experience-based neural differentiation in reading.
Disorganized resting-state functional connectivity between the dorsal attention network and intrinsic networks in Parkinson's disease with freezing of gait.
pY RNA1-s2: A Highly Retina-Enriched Small RNA That Selectively Binds to Matrin 3 (Matr3)
What is the impact of child abuse on gray matter abnormalities in individuals with major depressive disorder: a case control study
Two cortical representations of voice control are differentially involved in speech fluency
‘The Last Shot’—the shared and distinct brain regions involved in processing unexpectedness of success and failure in the context of social cooperation
Regional Cerebral Blood Flow Correlates of Neuropsychiatric Symptom Domains in Early Alzheimer’s Disease
Altered Brain Structure and Spontaneous Functional Activity in Children With Concomitant Strabismus
"Differences in functional brain network connectivity during stories presented in audio, illustrated, and animated format in preschool-age children."
Hyperglycemia Reduces Efficiency of Brain Networks in Subjects with Type 2 Diabetes
Diminished rostral anterior cingulate cortex activation during trauma-unrelated emotional interference in PTSD
Decreased Exercise-Induced Changes in Prefrontal Cortex Hemodynamics Are Associated With Depressive Symptoms
Reputation risk during dishonest social decision-making modulates anterior insular and cingulate cortex activity and connectivity
Effective Connectivity of Right Amygdala Subregions Predicts Symptom Improvement Following 12-Week Pharmacological Therapy in Major Depressive Disorder
Reward function as an outcome predictor in youth with mood and anxiety symptoms.
The role of the hippocampus in generalizing configural relationships
The convergent and divergent patterns in brain perfusion between Alzheimer's disease and Parkinson's disease with dementia: An ASL MRI study
Open label smoking cessation with varenicline is associated with decreased glutamate levels and functional changes in anterior cingulate cortex: preliminary findings
Model-based lesion mapping of cognitive control using the Wisconsin Card Sorting Test
Cued Reactivation of Motor Learning during Sleep Leads to Overnight Changes in Functional Brain Activity and Connectivity
Remembering unexpected beauty: Contributions of the ventral striatum to the processing of reward prediction errors regarding the facial attractiveness in face memory.
Cognitive Appraisal of Sleep and Brain Activation in Response to Sleep-Related Sounds in Healthy Adults
Large-scale effective connectivity analysis reveals the existence of two mutual inhibitory systems in patients with major depression
Identification of bipolar disorder using a combination of multimodality magnetic resonance imaging and machine learning techniques
Neuroanatomical Correlates of Impulsive Choices and Risky Decision Making in Young Chronic Tobacco Smokers: A Voxel-Based Morphometry Study
Data-driven study on resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging during early abstinence of alcohol dependence in male patients and its predictive value for relapse
Effects of D-CAG chemotherapy regimen on cognitive function in patients with acute myeloid leukaemia: A resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Self-referential processes and resting-state connectivity in breast cancer patients before and 1 year after chemotherapy.
Using large-scale neural models to interpret connectivity measures of cortico-cortical dynamics at millisecond temporal resolution
"Disrupted connectivity within visual, attentional and salience networks in the visual snow syndrome"
Influences of affective context on amygdala functional connectivity during cognitive control from adolescence through adulthood
Enhanced Resting-State Functional Connectivity With Decreased Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuations of the Salience Network in Mindfulness Novices
Impaired mixed emotion processing in the right ventrolateral prefrontal cortex in schizophrenia: an fMRI study
Compromised frontocerebellar circuitry contributes to nonplanning impulsivity in recovering alcoholics.
Regional Homogeneity and Multivariate Pattern Analysis of Cervical Spondylosis Neck Pain and the Modulation Effect of Treatment
Associations of resting-state perfusion and auditory verbal hallucinations with and without emotional content in schizophrenia
Joint Analysis of Eye Blinks and Brain Activity to Investigate Attentional Demand during a Visual Search Task
Emotional Experience and Awareness of Self: Functional MRI Studies of Depersonalization Disorder
Involvement of cortical midline structures in the processing of autobiographical information
Diffusion tensor imaging brain structural clustering patterns in major depressive disorder
A brain network instantiating approach and avoidance motivation.
Children's Brain Development Benefits from Longer Gestation
Functional connectivity of thalamus in children with primary nocturnal enuresis: results from a resting-state fMRI study.
Different brain networks underlying intelligence in autism spectrum disorders.
"Acquisition of sensorimotor fMRI under general anaesthesia: Assessment of feasibility, the BOLD response and clinical utility"
After the Honeymoon: Neural and Genetic Correlates of Romantic Love in Newlywed Marriages
Differential intrinsic functional connectivity changes in semantic variant primary progressive aphasia
Psychopathology Assessment Methods Revisited: On Translational Cross-Validation of Clinical Self-Evaluation Scale and fMRI
Towards a mechanistic understanding of mindfulness-based stress reduction (MBSR) using an RCT neuroimaging approach: Effects on regulating own stress in social and non-social situations.
Subthalamic nucleus detects unnatural android movement
"The same, but different: Preserved distractor suppression in old age is implemented through an age‐specific reactive ventral fronto‐parietal network"
Effects of methamphetamine abuse and serotonin transporter gene variants on aggression and emotion-processing neurocircuitry
Structural and Functional Abnormalities of Default Mode Network in Minimal Hepatic Encephalopathy: A Study Combining DTI and fMRI
Spontaneous thought-related network connectivity predicts sertraline effect on major depressive disorder.
A Haplotype Associated with Enhanced Mineralocorticoid Receptor Expression Facilitates the Stress-Induced Shift from “Cognitive” to “Habit” Learning
Static magnetic field stimulation of the supplementary motor area modulates resting-state activity and motor behavior
Aberrant dynamic and static functional connectivity of the striatum across specific low-frequency bands in patients with autism spectrum disorder.
"Brain Activation of Elite Race Walkers in Action Observation, Motor Imagery, and Motor Execution Tasks: A Pilot Study"
Auditory dyadic interactions through the “eye” of the social brain: How visual is the posterior STS interaction region?
Investigating the Blood Oxygenation Level-Dependent Functional MRI Response to a Verbal Fluency Task in Early Stroke before and after Hemodynamic Scaling
Short-Term Audiovisual Spatial Training Enhances Electrophysiological Correlates of Auditory Selective Spatial Attention
Beta activity in the premotor cortex is increased during stabilized as compared to normal walking
Neural correlates of impaired volitional action control in schizophrenia patients.
Wearing a KN95/FFP2 facemask induces subtle yet significant brain functional connectivity modifications restricted to the salience network
Moral decision making under modafinil: a randomized placebo-controlled double-blind crossover fMRI study.
Importance of Reward and Prefrontal Circuitry in Hunger and Satiety: Prader-Willi Syndrome vs. Simple Obesity
Cardiorespiratory fitness predicts effective connectivity between the hippocampus and default mode network nodes in young adults.
When compliments do not hit but critiques do: an fMRI study into self-esteem and self-knowledge in processing social feedback
Predictive Brain Activity Shows Congruent Semantic Specificity in Language Comprehension and Production
Neural correlates of acute post-traumatic dissociation: a functional neuroimaging script-driven imagery study
The effect of anxiety on brain activation patterns in response to inspiratory occlusions: an fMRI study
Neural Bases Of Food Perception: Coordinate-Based Meta-Analyses Of Neuroimaging Studies In Multiple Modalities
An improved neuroanatomical model of the default-mode network reconciles previous neuroimaging and neuropathological findings
Comprehension through explanation as the interaction of the brain’s coherence and cognitive control networks
Cerebral perfusion alterations in type 2 diabetes and its relation to insulin resistance and cognitive dysfunction
Altered Functional Connectivity and Sensory Processing in Blepharospasm and Hemifacial Spasm: Coexistence and Difference
Supramodal neural networks support top‐down processing of social signals
The Association Between Genetic Variation in FOXP2 and Sensorimotor Control of Speech Production
Functional cross‐hemispheric shift between object‐place paired associate memory and spatial memory in the human hippocampus
Neural correlates of mental state decoding and mental state reasoning in schizophrenia.
Altered Functional Connectivity of Cognitive-Related Cerebellar Subregions in Well-Recovered Stroke Patients
"Neural correlates of social influence on risk perception during
development"
Neural responsiveness to Chinese versus Western food images: An functional magnetic resonance imaging study of Chinese young adults
Carpal tunnel surgery dampens thalamocortical and normalizes corticocortical functional connectivity
Brain activation after nasal histamine provocation in house dust mite allergic rhinitis patients
"Disrupted asymmetry of inter- and intra-hemispheric functional connectivity in patients with drug-naive, first-episode schizophrenia and their unaffected siblings"
Phonological properties of logographic words modulate brain activation in bilinguals: a comparative study of Chinese characters and Japanese Kanji
Altered regional homogeneity in patients with ovarian cancer treated with chemotherapy: a resting state fMRI study.
"Alcohol Use Disorder, But Not Cannabis Use Disorder, Symptomatology in Adolescents Is Associated With Reduced Differential Responsiveness to Reward Versus Punishment Feedback During Instrumental Learning."
Decoding vibrotactile choice independent of stimulus order and saccade selection during sequential comparisons.
Attachment security and striatal functional connectivity in typically developing children
Influence of vascular endothelial growth factor variation on human hippocampus morphology.
Evidence of parietal hyperactivation in individuals with mild cognitive impairment who progressed to dementia: A longitudinal fMRI study
Effect of Acupuncture Stimulation of Hegu (LI4) and Taichong (LR3) on the Resting-State Networks in Alzheimer's Disease: Beyond the Default Mode Network
Altered brain network centrality in patients with mild cognitive impairment: an fMRI study using a voxel-wise degree centrality approach
Targeting modulates audiences' brain and behavioral responses to safe sex video ads.
Augmenting Frontal Dopamine Tone Enhances Maintenance over Gating Processes in Working Memory.
Altered functional connectivity within the brain fear circuit in Parkinson's disease with anxiety: A seed-based functional connectivity study
Structural and Functional Amygdala Abnormalities in Hemifacial Spasm
Neurobiology of Sleep Disturbances in PTSD Patients and Traumatized Controls: MRI and SPECT Findings
Common cortical areas involved in both auditory and visual imageries for novel stimuli.
People can understand descriptions of motion without activating visual motion brain regions
Dynamic Neural Network Changes Revealed by Voxel-Based Functional Connectivity Strength in Left Basal Ganglia Ischemic Stroke
Local gyrification index in probands with psychotic disorders and their first-degree relatives.
Gray Matter Abnormalities in Schizophrenia Patients with Tardive Dyskinesia: A Magnetic Resonance Imaging Voxel-Based Morphometry Study
Regional Abnormality of Grey Matter in Schizophrenia: Effect from the Illness or Treatment?
MEG Correlates of Learning Novel Objects Properties in Children
Ictal and interictal brain activation in episodic migraine: Neural basis for extent of allodynia
The effects of positive or negative self-talk on the alteration of brain functional connectivity by performing cognitive tasks
Cognitive and Brain Activity Changes After Mnemonic Strategy Training in Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment: Evidence From a Randomized Controlled Trial
Alteration of brain function and systemic inflammatory tone in older adults by decreasing the dietary palmitic acid intake
Selective Audiovisual Semantic Integration Enabled by Feature-Selective Attention
Continuous theta-burst stimulation over the left posterior inferior frontal gyrus induced compensatory plasticity in the language network
Altered resting-state functional connectivity of the frontal-striatal circuit in elderly with apathy
Neural Correlates of Semantic Prediction and Resolution in Sentence Processing
Loss of frontal regulator of vigilance during sleep inertia: A simultaneous EEG‐fMRI study
Visual Learning Alters the Spontaneous Activity of the Resting Human Brain: An fNIRS Study
Brain Network to Placebo and Nocebo Responses in Acute Experimental Lower Back Pain: A Multivariate Granger Causality Analysis of fMRI Data
The functional dissociation of posterior parietal regions during multimodal memory formation
"Resting-State Functional Connectivity of the Dorsal and Ventral Striatum, Impulsivity, and Severity of Use in Recently Abstinent Cocaine-Dependent Individuals"
Trimodal processing of complex stimuli in inferior parietal cortex is modality-independent.
Left anterior supramarginal gyrus activity during tool use action observation after extensive tool use training.
Association of Different Types of Childhood Maltreatment With Emotional Responding and Response Control Among Youths
The neural systems for perceptual updating.
Cerebellar contributions to cognition in corticobasal syndrome and progressive supranuclear palsy
Neural correlates of reward processing distinguish healthy youth at familial risk for bipolar disorder from youth at familial risk for major depressive disorder
Voluntary modulation of mental effort investment: an fMRI study
Role of anatomical insular subdivisions in interoception: Interoceptive attention and accuracy have dissociable substrates.
Classifying Vulnerability to Sleep Deprivation Using Resting-State Functional MRI Graph Theory Metrics
Effects of hypogonadism on brain development during adolescence in girls with Turner syndrome.
"The salience of self, not social pain, is encoded by dorsal anterior cingulate and insula"
Altered frontal white matter microstructure is associated with working memory impairments in adolescents with congenital heart disease: A diffusion tensor imaging study
Effects of Chronic Hypoxic Environment on Cognitive Function and Neuroimaging Measures in a High-Altitude Population
Investigating Neuroimaging Correlates of Early Frailty in Patients With Behavioral Variant Frontotemporal Dementia: A MRI and FDG-PET Study
The val158met polymorphism of human catechol-O-methyltransferase (COMT) affects anterior cingulate cortex activation in response to painful laser stimulation
Interaction Between Smoking and Internet Gaming Disorder on Spontaneous Brain Activity
Intertemporal decision-making-related brain states predict adolescent drug abuse intervention responses
Structural and Resting-State Brain Alterations in Trauma-Exposed Firefighters: Preliminary Results
A fractional order-based mixture of central Wishart (FMoCW) model for reconstructing white matter fibers from diffusion MRI.
Modification of cortical electrical activity in stroke survivors with abnormal subjective visual vertical: An eLORETA study
Elucidating medial temporal and frontal lobe contributions to approach-avoidance conflict decision-making using functional MRI and the hierarchical drift diffusion model.
Different patterns of language activation in post-stroke aphasia are detected by overt and covert versions of the verb generation fMRI task
Children's academic attainment is linked to the global organization of the white matter connectome
Distinct cerebellar regions related to motor and cognitive performance in SCA6 patients.
Phenomenologically distinct psychotomimetic effects of ketamine are associated with cerebral blood flow changes in functionally relevant cerebral foci: a continuous arterial spin labelling study.
The Effects of SNCA rs894278 on Resting-State Brain Activity in Parkinson’s Disease
Relationships between Personality Traits and Brain Gray Matter Are Different in Risky and Non-risky Drivers
Altered resting fMRI spectral power in data-driven brain networks during development: A longitudinal study.
The neuroscience of advanced scientific concepts
Unraveling the pathophysiology of schizophrenia: insights from structural magnetic resonance imaging studies
The effects of nalmefene on the impulsive and reflective system in alcohol use disorder: A resting-state fMRI study
Perception of Words and Pitch Patterns in Song and Speech
Mapping of pathological change in chronic fatigue syndrome using the ratio of T1- and T2-weighted MRI scans
Aberrant patterns of default‐mode network functional connectivity associated with metabolic syndrome: A resting‐state study
ADHD symptoms are associated with the modular structure of intrinsic brain networks in a representative sample of healthy adults
Dynamic causal modeling of the working memory system of aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage patients: Searching for targets for cortical intervention
Effective connectivity of the right anterior insula in schizophrenia: The salience network and task-negative to task-positive transition
fMRI biomarkers of social cognitive skills training in psychosis: Extrinsic and intrinsic functional connectivity
Anhedonia to Gentle Touch in Fibromyalgia: Normal Sensory Processing but Abnormal Evaluation
Neurodevelopmental correlates of the emerging adult self
Multielement Episodic Encoding in Young and Older Adults.
The neural mechanisms of immediate and follow-up of the treatment effect of hypnosis on smoking craving.
Identification of discriminative neuroimaging markers for patients on hemodialysis with insomnia: a fractional amplitude of low frequency fluctuation-based machine learning analysis
Neural Mechanisms of the Transformation from Objective Value to Subjective Utility: Converting from Count to Worth
Detailed spatiotemporal brain mapping of chromatic vision combining high-resolution VEP with fMRI and retinotopy.
Elevated serum platelet count inhibits the effects of brain functional changes on cognitive function in patients with mild cognitive impairment: A resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Diminished preparatory physiological responses in frontotemporal lobar degeneration syndromes
Insula Volume and Salience Network Are Associated with Memory Decline in Parkinson Disease: Complementary Analyses of Voxel-Based Morphometry versus Volume of Interest
Higher integrity of the motor and visual pathways in long-term video game players
Neuroplasticity Caused by Peripheral Proprioceptive Deficits
Functional Connectivity Hypointensity of Middle Cingulate Gyrus and Thalamus in Age-Related Macular Degeneration Patients: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
A spinal manipulative therapy altered brain activity in patients with lumbar disc herniation: A resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Brain activation during disorder-related script-driven imagery in panic disorder: a pilot study
The Fate of Incoming Stimuli during NREM Sleep is Determined by Spindles and the Phase of the Slow Oscillation
Gray matter volume correlates of adolescent posttraumatic stress disorder: A comparison of manual intervention and automated segmentation in FreeSurfer.
A multimodal MRI study of the neural mechanisms of emotion regulation impairment in women with obesity
Increased top-down control of emotions during symptom provocation working memory tasks following a RCT of alpha-down neurofeedback in PTSD
Hypoactivation and Dysconnectivity of a Frontostriatal Circuit During Goal-Directed Planning as an Endophenotype for Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder
Letter and Speech Sound Association in Emerging Readers With Familial Risk of Dyslexia
Altered brain language network in idiopathic peripheral facial paralysis patients with dysarthria
Network Profiles of the Dorsal Anterior Cingulate and Dorsal Prefrontal Cortex in Schizophrenia During Hippocampal-Based Associative Memory
Socioeconomic disparities in sleep duration are associated with cortical thickness in children
The neural correlates of value representation: From single items to bundles
Implementation of a New Food Picture Database in the Context of fMRI and Visual Cognitive Food-Choice Task in Healthy Volunteers
The gray matter volume of the temporoparietal junction varies across cultures: a moderating role of the dopamine D4 receptor gene (DRD4).
Stereoscopic processing of crossed and uncrossed disparities in the human visual cortex
BAS-drive trait modulates dorsomedial striatum activity during reward response-outcome associations.
Increased functional connectivity of thalamic subdivisions in patients with Parkinson’s disease
Specific brain activation patterns associated with two neuromuscular electrical stimulation protocols
Effects of Noradrenergic Stimulation Upon Context-Related Extinction Learning Performance and BOLD Activation in Hippocampus and Prefrontal Cortex Differ Between Participants Showing and Not Showing Renewal
"Hypnotizability, Hypnosis and Prepulse Inhibition of the Startle Reflex in Healthy Women: An ERP Analysis"
Thermal Psychophysics and Associated Brain Activation Patterns Along a Continuum of Healthy Aging
Functional and Anatomical Connectivity Abnormalities in Cognitive Division of Anterior Cingulate Cortex in Schizophrenia
Functional and Structural Architectures of Allocentric and Egocentric Spatial Coding in Aging: A Combined DTI and fMRI Study
Aberrant Interhemispheric Functional Organization in Children with Dyskinetic Cerebral Palsy
Neuroanatomical substrates accounting for the effect of present hedonistic time perspective on risk preference: the mediating role of right posterior parietal cortex.
"Physical activity, aerobic fitness, and brain white matter: Their role for executive functions in adolescence"
Interhemispheric connectivity of primary sensory cortex is associated with motor impairment after stroke
"Association study between hypothalamic functional connectivity, early nutrition, and glucose levels in healthy children aged 6 years: The COGNIS study follow-up"
Intolerance of uncertainty is associated with heightened responding in the prefrontal cortex during cue-signalled uncertainty of threat
Altered fusiform connectivity during processing of fearful faces in social anxiety disorder
On the Modulation of Brain Activation During Simulated Weight Bearing in Supine Gait-Like Stepping
Early-Life Critical Windows of Susceptibility to Manganese Exposure and Sex-Specific Changes in Brain Connectivity in Late Adolescence
Imaging cognitive fatigability in multiple sclerosis: objective quantification of cerebral blood flow during a task of sustained attention using ASL perfusion fMRI.
Signatures of Memory: Brain Coactivations during Retrieval Distinguish Correct from Incorrect Recollection
Cue-exposure treatment influences resting-state functional connectivity—a randomized controlled fMRI study in alcohol use disorder
Convergent Functional Changes of Default Mode Network in Mild Cognitive Impairment Using Activation Likelihood Estimation
The neural coding of feedback learning across child and adolescent development.
Listening for Recollection: A Multi-Voxel Pattern Analysis of Recognition Memory Retrieval Strategies
Different patterns of functional and structural alterations of hippocampal sub-regions in subcortical vascular mild cognitive impairment with and without depression symptoms.
The neural correlates of the visual consciousness in schizophrenia: an fMRI study
Online social network size is reflected in human brain structure
Functional magnetic resonance imaging activation for different vergence eye movement subtypes
Resting-State fMRI Whole Brain Network Function Plasticity Analysis in Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder
Spatiotemporal neural characterization of prediction error valence and surprise during reward learning in humans
Auditory Figure-Ground Segregation Is Impaired by High Visual Load
Behavioral and neural correlates of parenting self-evaluation in mothers of young children
Dynamic pupillary exchange engages brain regions encoding social salience
Dissociable Neural Information Dynamics of Perceptual Integration and Differentiation during Bistable Perception
Increased Medial Prefrontal Cortex and Decreased Zygomaticus Activation in Response to Disliked Smiles Suggest Top-Down Inhibition of Facial Mimicry
Pictionary-based fMRI paradigm to study the neural correlates of spontaneous improvisation and figural creativity
Differential neural processing of unpleasant sensory stimulation in patients with major depression
Perilesional and homotopic area activation during proverb comprehension after stroke
Brain activation during non-habitual speech production: Revisiting the effects of simulated disfluencies in fluent speakers
Beauty affects fairness: facial attractiveness alters neural responses to unfairness in the ultimatum game.
Emotion Regulation and Excess Weight: Impaired Affective Processing Characterized by Dysfunctional Insula Activation and Connectivity
Neural mechanisms of acute stress and trait anxiety in adolescents
Risk Factors Associated with Cortical Thickness and White Matter Hyperintensities in Dementia Free Okinawan Elderly
Brain Activation Patterns Associated with the Effects of Fearful Distractors during Working Memory Maintenance in Patients with Schizophrenia
Mapping pathological changes in brain structure by combining T1- and T2-weighted MR imaging data
Altered neural activation during prepotent response inhibition in breast cancer survivors treated with chemotherapy: an fMRI study.
Exploration of intrinsic brain activity in migraine with and without comorbid depression
Brain activation during fear extinction recall in unmedicated patients with obsessive-compulsive disorder.
The impact of early musical training on striatal functional connectivity.
Changes in the amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations in specific frequency bands in major depressive disorder after electroconvulsive therapy
Insight in Schizophrenia: Involvement of Self-Reflection Networks?
Exogenous features versus prior experiences modulate different subregions of the right IPL during episodic memory retrieval
The Neural Correlates of Visual and Auditory Cross-Modal Selective Attention in Aging
Aberrant functional network connectivity in psychopathy from a large (N = 985) forensic sample.
Role of supplementary motor area in cervical dystonia and sensory tricks
Brain structure differences among male schizophrenic patients with history of serious violent acts: an MRI voxel-based morphometric study
Left posterior temporal cortex is sensitive to syntax within conceptually matched Arabic expressions
"Novel findings from 2,838 Adult Brains on Sex Differences in Gray Matter Brain Volume"
Aesthetic Experiences Across Cultures: Neural Correlates When Viewing Traditional Eastern or Western Landscape Paintings
Characterizing Behavioral and Brain Changes Associated with Practicing Reasoning Skills
Making an effort to feel positive: insecure attachment in infancy predicts the neural underpinnings of emotion regulation in adulthood
Physical activity and aerobic fitness in relation to local and interhemispheric functional connectivity in adolescents’ brains
Words hurt: common and distinct neural substrates underlying nociceptive and semantic pain
Social intelligence mediates the protective role of resting-state brain activity in the social cognition network against social anxiety
Neural correlates of attentional control in social anxiety disorder: the impact of early-life adversity and DNA methylation
Activation of human language processing brain regions after the presentation of random letter strings demonstrated with event-related functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Control over the strength of connections between modules: a double dissociation between stimulus format and task revealed by Granger causality mapping in fMRI
Resting state hyperconnectivity of the default mode network in schizophrenia and clinical high-risk state for psychosis.
Anatomy of Human Sensory Cortices Reflects Inter-Individual Variability in Time Estimation
Cerebral cortical thinning in brain regions involved in emotional regulation relates to persistent symptoms in subjects with posttraumatic stress disorder.
Brain network involved in visual processing of movement stimuli used in upper limb robotic training: an fMRI study
Neural signatures of promotion versus prevention goal priming: fMRI evidence for distinct cognitive-motivational systems
Top-Down and Bottom-Up Contributions to Understanding Sentences Describing Objects in Motion
Resting-State fMRI Functional Connectivity Strength Predicts Local Activity Change in the Dorsal Cingulate Cortex: A Multi-Target Focused rTMS Study
Specific white matter tissue microstructure changes associated with obesity
Anterior Cingulate Glutamate and GABA Associations on Functional Connectivity in Schizophrenia.
High-level gait disorder: associations with specific white matter changes observed on advanced diffusion imaging.
More than just statics: Static and temporal dynamic changes in intrinsic brain activity in unilateral temporal lobe epilepsy
"Auditory change detection in schizophrenia: sources of activity, related neuropsychological function and symptoms in patients with a first episode in adolescence, and patients 14 years after an adolescent illness-onset"
Impaired verbal memory in Parkinson disease: relationship to prefrontal dysfunction and somatosensory discrimination
Aberrant Middle Prefrontal-Motor Cortex Connectivity Mediates Motor Inhibitory Biomarker in Schizophrenia.
Longitudinal structural gray matter and white matter MRI changes in presymptomatic progranulin mutation carriers
Depression circuit adaptation in post-stroke depression.
Functional connectivity density alterations in middle‐age retinal detachment patients
Altered spontaneous brain activity in Down syndrome and its relation with cognitive outcome
"Reward, salience, and attentional networks are activated by religious experience in devout Mormons"
Changes in Functional Connectivity of Specific Cerebral Regions in Patients with Toothache: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Threat of shock increases excitability and connectivity of the intraparietal sulcus
A neurogenetic analysis of female autism
Altered Intrinsic Brain Activity in Patients With Toothache Using the Percent Amplitude of a Fluctuation Method: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Perspective and agency during video gaming influences spatial presence experience and brain activation patterns
Neural underpinnings of open-label placebo effects in emotional distress
Perceiving humanness across ages: neural correlates and behavioral patterns
Brain activation in response to visual sexual stimuli in male patients with right middle cerebral artery infarction
Perisylvian Functional Connectivity during Processing of Sentential Negation
Prediction of activation patterns preceding hallucinations in patients with schizophrenia using machine learning with structured sparsity.
Training-induced functional activation changes in dual-task processing: an FMRI study.
Normal variation in fronto-occipital circuitry and cerebellar structure with an autism-associated polymorphism of CNTNAP2
Additive Routes to Action Learning: Layering Experience Shapes Engagement of the Action Observation Network
Abnormalities in the Fractional Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuation and Functional Connectivity in Parkinson's Disease With Excessive Daytime Sleepiness
A comparative study of interhemispheric functional connectivity in major depression and schizophrenia.
"Differences in Brain Hemodynamics in Response to Achromatic and
Chromatic Cards of the Rorschach"
Ultra-high field MRI reveals mood-related circuit disturbances in depression: a comparison between 3-Tesla and 7-Tesla
Cerebellar neural markers of susceptibility to social isolation and positive affective processing
Altered Spontaneous Brain Activity and Its Predictive Role in Patients with Central Retinal Artery Occlusion Using fMRI and Machine Learning
Activating the attachment system modulates neural responses to threat in refugees with PTSD
Aging and Functional Brain Networks
Recognizing Frustration of Drivers From Face Video Recordings and Brain Activation Measurements With Functional Near-Infrared Spectroscopy
Reducing Susceptibility Distortion Related Image Blurring in Diffusion MRI EPI Data
Resting State Vagally-Mediated Heart Rate Variability Is Associated With Neural Activity During Explicit Emotion Regulation
Hippocampal Involvement in Safety Signal Learning Varies With Anxiety Among Healthy Adults
Attention Control and Audiomotor Processes Underlying Anticipation of Musical Themes while Listening to Familiar Sonata-Form Pieces
"Reactivity of the ventromedial prefrontal cortex, but not the amygdala, to negative emotion faces predicts greed personality trait"
Signatures of life course socioeconomic conditions in brain anatomy
Altered Spontaneous Brain Activity and Network Property in Patients With Congenital Monocular Blindness
Altered Patterns of the Fractional Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuation and Functional Connectivity Between Deficit and Non-Deficit Schizophrenia
The Self-Concept Is Represented in the Medial Prefrontal Cortex in Terms of Self-Importance
"No title, no theme: The joined neural space between speakers and listeners during production and comprehension of multi-sentence discourse."
Differential Deactivation during Mentalizing and Classification of Autism Based on Default Mode Network Connectivity
Subthalamic Nucleus Stimulation Affects Theory of Mind Network: A PET Study in Parkinson's Disease
Overlapping Neural Correlates of Reading Emotionally Positive and Negative Adjectives
Functional Connectivity and Compensation of Phonemic Fluency in Aging
Deep in the brain: Changes in subcortical function immediately preceding a migraine attack.
Dynamic computation of value signals via a common neural network in multi-attribute decision-making
Functional connectivity between the caudate and medial prefrontal cortex reflects individual honesty variations in adults and children.
Intrinsic connectivity networks underlying individual differences in control-averse behavior.
Macro- and micro-structural cerebellar and cortical characteristics of cognitive empathy towards fictional characters in healthy individuals
Characteristics of EEG power spectra involved in the proficiency of motor learning
Structural and functional brain imaging in acute HIV
Restraint of appetite and reduced regional brain volumes in anorexia nervosa: a voxel-based morphometric study
Punishment on Pause: Preliminary Evidence That Mindfulness Training Modifies Neural Responses in a Reactive Aggression Task
Exposure to Violence as an Environmental Pathway Linking Low Socioeconomic Status with Altered Neural Processing of Threat and Adolescent Psychopathology.
Functional connectivity in human auditory networks and the origins of variation in the transmission of musical systems
Case Report: Atonic PNES Capture in fMRI
Differential Synchronization in Default and Task-Specific Networks of the Human Brain
Dynamic targeting enables domain-general inhibitory control over action and thought by the prefrontal cortex
Changes of regional cerebral blood flow after deep brain stimulation in cervical dystonia
Regional gray matter volume associated with exercise dependence: A voxel‐based morphometry study
A neurophysiological approach to the distinction between motor and cognitive skills: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Depression-related anterior cingulate prefrontal resting state connectivity normalizes following cognitive behavioral therapy
Individual differences in the evaluation of ambiguous visual and auditory threat-related expressions.
Resting State Glucose Utilization and Adult Reading Test Performance
Global functional connectivity density alterations in patients with bipolar disorder with auditory verbal hallucinations and modest short‐term effects of transcranial direct current stimulation augmentation treatment—Baseline and follow‐up study
Abnormal intrinsic functional hubs and connectivity in stable patients with COPD: a resting-state MRI study
Striatal Activity is Associated with Deficits of Cognitive Control and Aberrant Salience for Patients with Schizophrenia
Neuroimaging in Psychiatric Disorders: A Bibliometric Analysis of the 100 Most Highly Cited Articles.
"Modeling [C]yohimbine PET human brain kinetics with test-retest reliability, competition sensitivity studies and search for a suitable reference region."
Driving With Distraction: Measuring Brain Activity and Oculomotor Behavior Using fMRI and Eye-Tracking
Lever positioning manipulation alters real-time brain activity in patients with lumbar disc herniation: An amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation and regional homogeneity study.
"The neural correlates of ""mind blanking"": When the mind goes away."
Bilingual Contexts Modulate the Inhibitory Control Network
Diffusion Imaging of Auditory and Auditory-Limbic Connectivity in Tinnitus: Preliminary Evidence and Methodological Challenges
Correlation between Dopamine Transporter Degradation and Striatocortical Network Alteration in Parkinson’s Disease
Sexual Dimorphism in the Brain Correlates of Adult-Onset Depression: A Pilot Structural and Functional 3T MRI Study
Mind-body exercise improves cognitive function and modulates the function and structure of the hippocampus and anterior cingulate cortex in patients with mild cognitive impairment
Antagonism between brain regions relevant for cognitive control and emotional memory facilitates the generation of humorous ideas
Dysfunctional cerebello-cerebral network associated with vocal emotion recognition impairments
Preserved Self-other Distinction During Empathy in Autism is Linked to Network Integrity of Right Supramarginal Gyrus.
Altered coupling between resting‐state glucose metabolism and functional activity in epilepsy
Neural Efficiency and Acquired Motor Skills: An fMRI Study of Expert Athletes
Functional connectivity of hippocampal and prefrontal networks during episodic and spatial memory based on real-world environments.
Grey matter volume in adolescents with anorexia nervosa and associated eating disorder symptoms.
Assessing Cerebral Oxygen Metabolism Changes in Patients With Preeclampsia Using Voxel-Based Morphometry of Oxygen Extraction Fraction Maps in Magnetic Resonance Imaging
Neuroimaging markers of adolescent depression in the National Consortium on Alcohol and Neurodevelopment in Adolescence (NCANDA) study.
Odor imagery but not perception drives risk for food cue reactivity and increased adiposity
"Attention to attention in aphasia – elucidating impairment patterns, modality differences and neural correlates"
Neural predictors of sensorimotor adaptation rate and savings.
Differential mechanisms of posterior cingulate cortex downregulation and symptom decreases in posttraumatic stress disorder and healthy individuals using real‐time fMRI neurofeedback
Effects of distraction on taste-related neural processing: a cross-sectional fMRI study
Neural markers of procrastination in white matter microstructures and networks.
Decoding the neural mechanisms of human tool use
Pattern separation beyond the hippocampus: A high-resolution whole-brain investigation of mnemonic discrimination in healthy adults.
"Interactions between physical exercise, associative memory, and genetic risk for Alzheimer’s disease"
Dissociation between the processing of humorous and monetary rewards in the ‘motivation’ and ‘hedonic’ brains
Too hard to control: compromised pain anticipation and modulation in mild traumatic brain injury
Cerebral microbleeds are uncommon in ischemic stroke associated with nonvalvular atrial fibrillation.
Obesity is associated with decreased gray matter volume in children: a longitudinal study.
Evaluation of the default-mode network by quantitative 15O-PET: comparative study between cerebral blood flow and oxygen consumption
"Multimodal Investigation of Network Level Effects Using Intrinsic Functional Connectivity, Anatomical Covariance, and Structure-to-Function Correlations in Unmedicated Major Depressive Disorder"
Altered Interplay Among Large-Scale Brain Functional Networks Modulates Multi-Domain Anosognosia in Early Alzheimer’s Disease
Neurodynamics and connectivity during facial fear perception: The role of threat exposure and signal congruity
Neuroanatomical correlations of visuospatial processing in primary progressive aphasia
Long-term brain effects of N-back training: an fMRI study.
Use of functional magnetic resonance imaging to identify cortical loci for lower limb movements and their efficacy for individuals after stroke
Cerebellar Activation Deficits in Schizophrenia During an Eyeblink Conditioning Task
Machine Learning-Based Identification of Suicidal Risk in Patients With Schizophrenia Using Multi-Level Resting-State fMRI Features
Alterations of resting-state functional network connectivity in patients with noise-induced hearing loss: A study based on independent component analysis.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation and preparation of visually-guided reaching movements
Distinctive Alterations of Functional Connectivity Strength between Vascular and Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment
Obesity-mediated inflammation may damage the brain circuit that regulates food intake.
Evidence for dissociable cognitive and neural pathways from poverty versus maltreatment to deficits in emotion regulation
Sensitivity of human visual cortical area V6 to stereoscopic depth gradients associated with self-motion
Altered Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuations and Functional Connectivity in Excessive Daytime Sleepiness in Parkinson Disease
Subthreshold depression is associated with impaired resting-state functional connectivity of the cognitive control network
A response‐locking protocol to boost sensitivity for fMRI‐based neurochronometry
NeuroMark: An automated and adaptive ICA based pipeline to identify reproducible fMRI markers of brain disorders
The brain‐derived neurotrophic factor Val66Met polymorphism affects encoding of object locations during active navigation
Intrinsic Connectivity Changes Mediate the Beneficial Effect of Cardiovascular Exercise on Sustained Visual Attention
The neural and behavioral correlates of social evaluation in childhood
"Changes of Brain Structures and Psychological Characteristics in Predatory, Affective Violent and Nonviolent Offenders"
Neural representation of the parent–child attachment from infancy to adulthood
Neuroanatomical Correlates of Mild-to-Moderate Depression: Memory Ability Mediates the Association Between Gray Matter Volume and Antidepressant Treatment Outcome
Functional neural changes and altered cortical–subcortical connectivity associated with recovery from Internet gaming disorder
How does the body representation system develop in the human brain?
Differential effects of face-realism and emotion on event-related brain potentials and their implications for the uncanny valley theory
Brain Volume Differences Associated With Hearing Impairment in Adults
The effects of age on reward magnitude processing in the monetary incentive delay task.
Atypical Local and Distal Patterns of Occipito-frontal Functional Connectivity are Related to Symptom Severity in Autism.
Sincere praise and flattery: reward value and association with the praise-seeking trait
Differential activation of the visual word form area during auditory phoneme perception in youth with dyslexia.
Involvement of the left insula in the ecological validity of the human voice
Effects of polygenic risk for major mental disorders and cross-disorder on cortical complexity
Multitier Network Analysis Using Resting-state Functional MRI for Epilepsy Surgery
Human thirst behavior requires transformation of sensory inputs by intrinsic brain networks
"Time-varying connectivity of the precuneus and its association with
cognition and depressive symptoms in neuromyelitis optica: A pilot MRI
study"
Salience Network and Depressive Severities in Parkinson’s Disease with Mild Cognitive Impairment: A Structural Covariance Network Analysis
Audio–visual and olfactory–visual integration in healthy participants and subjects with autism spectrum disorder
Cerebral perfusion changes in chronic dizziness: A single-photon emission computed tomography study
The ALFF Alterations of Spontaneous Pelvic Pain in the Patients of Chronic Prostatitis/Chronic Pelvic Pain Syndrome Evaluated by fMRI
Individual Differences in Indirect Speech Act Processing Found Outside the Language Network
Neural signatures of inhibitory control in intra-sentential code-switching: Evidence from fMRI.
Negative Impact of Sadness on Response Inhibition in Females: An Explicit Emotional Stop Signal Task fMRI Study
Early visual processing for low spatial frequency fearful face is correlated with cortical volume in patients with schizophrenia
"Consumption of ultra-processed foods is associated with depression, mesocorticolimbic volume, and inflammation."
Linking brain structure and activation in anterior insula cortex to explain the trait empathy for pain
Individual Differences in the Neural and Cognitive Mechanisms of Single Word Reading
Multi-Modal Imaging of Neural Correlates of Motor Speed Performance in the Trail Making Test
Reduced Gray Matter Volume in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus
Increased regional homogeneity modulated by metacognitive training predicts therapeutic efficacy in patients with schizophrenia
Automated longitudinal registration of high resolution structural MRI brain sub-volumes in non-human primates.
fMRI Evidence of Acupoints Specificity in Two Adjacent Acupoints
Investigating altered brain functional hubs and causal connectivity in coronary artery disease with cognitive impairment
Youth with Down syndrome display widespread increased functional connectivity during rest
Sentence-level embeddings reveal dissociable word- and sentence-level cortical representation across coarse- and fine-grained levels of meaning.
Multilayer MEG functional connectivity as a potential marker for suicidal thoughts in major depressive disorder
Inhibit My Disinhibition: The Role of the Inferior Frontal Cortex in Sexual Inhibition and the Modulatory Influence of Sexual Excitation Proneness
Right Hemisphere Grey Matter Volume and Language Functions in Stroke Aphasia
Clinical vitamin D levels are associated with insular volume and inferior temporal gyrus white matter surface area in community-dwelling individuals with knee pain
White Matter Microstructure Alterations Associated With Paroxetine Treatment Response in Major Depression
Motor Circuit and Superior Temporal Sulcus Activities Linked to Individual Differences in Multisensory Speech Perception.
Robust Automated Detection of Microstructural White Matter Degeneration in Alzheimer’s Disease Using Machine Learning Classification of Multicenter DTI Data
Association between cortisol and aging-related hippocampus volume changes in community-dwelling older adults: a 7-year follow-up study
Cognitive Behavioral Therapy Normalizes Functional Connectivity for Social Threat in Psychosis
Task-independent neural bases of peer presence effect on cognition in children and adults.
Convergent regional brain abnormalities in behavioral variant frontotemporal dementia: A neuroimaging meta‐analysis of 73 studies
Neuromolecular basis of faded perception associated with unreality experience
Aberrant functional and effective connectivity of the frontostriatal network in unilateral acute tinnitus patients with hearing loss.
"Correlations between exploratory eye movement, hallucination, and cortical gray matter volume in people with schizophrenia"
Mentalizing in an economic games context is associated with enhanced activation and connectivity in the left temporoparietal junction
Abnormalities of Gray Matter Volume and Its Correlation with Clinical Symptoms in Adolescents with High-Functioning Autism Spectrum Disorder
Heritability of aggression following social evaluation in middle childhood: An fMRI study
Altered Brain Activity and Functional Connectivity in Unilateral Sudden Sensorineural Hearing Loss
Changes in Temporal and Spatial Patterns of Intrinsic Brain Activity and Functional Connectivity in Upper-Limb Amputees: An fMRI Study
A functional neuroimaging study of fusiform response to restricted interests in children and adolescents with autism spectrum disorder
White matter integrity and cognitive performance in children with prenatal methamphetamine exposure.
Pattern classification differentiates decision of intertemporal choices using multi-voxel pattern analysis.
Association between Changes in Cortical Thickness and Functional Connectivity in Male Patients with Alcohol-dependence
Spontaneous brain activity underlying auditory hallucinations in the hearing-impaired.
White matter structures associated with loneliness in young adults
The functional and structural characteristics of the emotion network in alexithymia
Testosterone Modulates Altered Prefrontal Control of Emotional Actions in Psychopathic Offenders123
Body size as a metric for the affordable world
Abnormal grey matter structural changes in patients with end-stage kidney disease and mild cognitive impairment: correlations with clinical features
Reduced Orbitofrontal Gray Matter Concentration as a Marker of Premorbid Childhood Trauma in Cocaine Use Disorder
Sensory processing sensitivity and axonal microarchitecture: identifying brain structural characteristics for behavior
Akinetic rigid symptoms are associated with decline in a cortical motor network in Parkinson’s disease
Diffusion MRI with free gradient waveforms on a high-performance gradient system: Probing restriction and exchange in the human brain.
Voluntary saccade inhibition deficits correlate with extended white-matter cortico-basal atrophy in Huntington's disease
Structural changes in brain regions involved in executive-control and self-referential processing after sleeve gastrectomy in obese patients.
Acupuncture for Histamine-Induced Itch: Association With Increased Parasympathetic Tone and Connectivity of Putamen-Midcingulate Cortex
Voxel-based morphometry and a deep learning model for the diagnosis of early Alzheimer’s disease based on cerebral gray matter changes
Brain Gray Matter Volume Associations With Abnormal Gait Imagery in Patients With Mild Cognitive Impairment: Results of a Cross-Sectional Study
The Effects of Visual Control and Distance in Modulating Peripersonal Spatial Representation
Association of cerebellar and pre-motor cortex gray matter density with subjective intoxication and subjective response following acute alcohol intake
Reading in the brain of children and adults: A meta‐analysis of 40 functional magnetic resonance imaging studies
Neuromodulation of reinforced skill learning reveals the causal function of prefrontal cortex.
Discriminating the Difference between Remote and Close Association with Relation to White-Matter Structural Connectivity
Higher maternal education is related to negative functional connectivity between attention system networks and reading-related regions in children with reading difficulties compared to typical readers.
Sleep quality and adolescent default mode network connectivity
Semantic and attentional networks in bilingual processing: fMRI connectivity signatures of translation directionality.
Neural underpinnings of processing combinatorial unstated meaning and the influence of individual cognitive style
Hypothalamic effective connectivity at rest is associated with body weight and energy homeostasis
Dyslexia on a continuum: A complex network approach
Specific alterations of resting-state functional connectivity in the triple network related to comorbid anxiety in major depressive disorder.
Acupuncture at KI3 in healthy volunteers induces specific cortical functional activity: an fMRI study
The core episodic simulation network dissociates as a function of subjective experience and objective content.
Mapping anticipatory anhedonia: an fMRI study.
Divergent effects of oxytocin on (para-)limbic reactivity to emotional and neutral scenes in females with and without borderline personality disorder
Atypical Antipsychotics Mediate Dynamics of Intrinsic Brain Activity in Early-Stage Schizophrenia? A Preliminary Study
Semantic knowledge of social interactions is mediated by the hedonic evaluation system in the brain.
Effects of simultaneous real-time fMRI and EEG neurofeedback in major depressive disorder evaluated with brain electromagnetic tomography
Brain connectivity changes when comparing effects of subthalamic deep brain stimulation with levodopa treatment in Parkinson's disease
Neural Basis of Extremely High Temporal Sensitivity: Insights From a Patient With Autism
Task-residual effective connectivity of motor network in transient ischemic attack
"Contribution of the posterior parietal cortex in reaching, grasping, and using objects and tools"
Alteration of functional connectivity in autism spectrum disorder: effect of age and anatomical distance
"Neocortical substrates of feelings evoked with music in the ACC, insula, and somatosensory cortex"
"Neuroanatomical correlates of aging, cardiopulmonary fitness level, and education."
"Evidence of altered brain network centrality in patients with
diabetic nephropathy and retinopathy: an fMRI study using a voxel-wise degree
centrality approach"
Aberrant Interhemispheric Functional Connectivity in Diabetic Retinopathy Patients
Regional Brain Structural Abnormality in Meal-Related Functional Dyspepsia Patients: A Voxel-Based Morphometry Study
The effects of intermittent theta burst stimulation of the unilateral cerebellar hemisphere on swallowing-related brain regions in healthy subjects
The Human Brain Representation of Odor Identification in Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment and Alzheimer's Dementia of Mild Degree
The cortical face network of the prosopagnosic patient PS with fast periodic stimulation in fMRI.
Language and Sensory Neural Plasticity in the Superior Temporal Cortex of the Deaf
Developmental changes of association strength and categorical relatedness on semantic processing in the brain.
Resting-state neural signal variability in women with depressive disorders.
Repetitive verbal behaviors are not always harmful signs: Compensatory plasticity within the language network in aphasia.
White matter alterations in familial cortical myoclonic tremor with epilepsy type 1.
Frequency-dependent changes in the amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations in patients with Wilson’s disease: a resting-state fMRI study
Functional Neuroimaging Evidence for Distinct Neurobiological Pathways in Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder.
Functional alterations in large-scale resting-state networks of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis: A multi-site study across Canada and the United States
Structural Abnormalities in Childhood Absence Epilepsy: Voxel-Based Analysis Using Diffusion Tensor Imaging
Attentional Bias to Reminders of the Deceased as Compared With a Living Attachment in Grieving.
Reduced Functional Connectivity in Children With Congenital Cataracts Using Resting-State Electroencephalography Measurement
Higher Fasting Plasma Glucose is Associated with Increased Cortical Thinning Over 12 Years: The PATH Through Life Study.
Mapping individual voxel-wise morphological connectivity using wavelet transform of voxel-based morphology
Prolonged microgravity induces reversible and persistent changes on human cerebral connectivity
Chronic musculoskeletal impairment is associated with alterations in brain regions responsible for the production and perception of movement
Abnormal Anatomical Rich-Club Organization and Structural–Functional Coupling in Mild Cognitive Impairment and Alzheimer's Disease
From Visual Perception to Aesthetic Appeal: Brain Responses to Aesthetically Appealing Natural Landscape Movies
Orbitofrontal Signaling of Future Reward is Associated with Hyperactivity in Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder
Physical Activity Alters Functional Connectivity of Orbitofrontal Cortex Subdivisions in Healthy Young Adults: A Longitudinal fMRI Study
Neural correlates of the self-reference effect: evidence from evaluation and recognition processes
Cerebral Cortical Thickness in Chronic Pain Due to Knee Osteoarthritis: The Effect of Pain Duration and Pain Sensitization
Effects of primary angle-closure glaucoma on interhemispheric functional connectivity
Differences in Cortical Surface Area in Developmental Language Disorder
Remodeling of the brain correlates with gait instability in cervical spondylotic myelopathy
Dissociation and integration of outcome and state uncertainty signals in cognitive control
Neural Basis of Speech-Gesture Mismatch Detection in Schizophrenia Spectrum Disorders.
Diminished gray matter density mediates chemotherapy dosage-related cognitive impairment in breast cancer patients
Changes of brain structure and function in ADHD children.
Human Neural Learning Depends on Reward Prediction Errors in the Blocking Paradigm
Abnormal brain activity patterns during spatial working memory task in patients with end-stage renal disease on maintenance hemodialysis: a fMRI study
Concurrent Cortical Representations of Function- and Size-Related Object Affordances: An fMRI Study
A systematic linguistic profile of spontaneous narrative speech in pre-symptomatic and early stage Huntington's disease
The Neural Correlates of Long-Term Carryover following Functional Electrical Stimulation for Stroke
Activity in ventromedial prefrontal cortex during self-related processing: positive subjective value or personal significance?
Prevalence of Grey Matter Pathology in Early Multiple Sclerosis Assessed by Magnetization Transfer Ratio Imaging
Activation in brain energy regulation and reward centers by food cues varies with choice of visual stimulus
Self-Focused Brain Predictors of Cognitive Behavioral Therapy Response in a Transdiagnostic Sample
"Cortical thickness, surface area, and folding alterations in male youths with conduct disorder and varying levels of callous–unemotional traits"
The Interplay of Oxytocin and Attachment in Schizophrenic Patients: An fMRI Study
Long-Term Cardiovascular Fitness Is Associated with Auditory Attentional Control in Old Adults: Neuro-Behavioral Evidence
"Age-Related Changes in BOLD Activation Pattern in Phonemic Fluency Paradigm: An Investigation of Activation, Functional Connectivity and Psychophysiological Interactions"
Decreased long‐range temporal correlations in the resting‐state functional magnetic resonance imaging blood‐oxygen‐level‐dependent signal reflect motor sequence learning up to 2 weeks following training
Cerebellum Abnormalities in Idiopathic Generalized Epilepsy with Generalized Tonic-Clonic Seizures Revealed by Diffusion Tensor Imaging
Congenital prosopagnosia: multistage anatomical and functional deficits in face processing circuitry
Neural signature of delayed fear generalization under stress.
Avoid or seek light – a randomized crossover fMRI study investigating opposing treatment strategies for photophobia in migraine
Maternal Response to Positive Affect Moderates the Impact of Familial Risk for Depression on Ventral Striatal Response to Winning Reward in 6- to 8-Year-Old Children.
Hypertension With High Homocysteine Is Associated With Default Network Gray Matter Loss
Neural primacy of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in patients with obsessive-compulsive disorder
Alterations in Cortical Thickness in Young Male Patients With Childhood-Onset Adult Growth Hormone Deficiency: A Morphometric MRI Study
Distinct functional brain abnormalities in insomnia disorder and obstructive sleep apnea.
Gray matter atrophy patterns in multiple sclerosis: A 10-year source-based morphometry study
Ongoing first-hand pain facilitates somatosensory resonance but inhibits affective sharing in empathy for pain.
Expecting social punishment facilitates control over a decision under uncertainty by recruiting medial prefrontal cortex
Increased global cognition correlates with increased thalamo-temporal connectivity in response to targeted cognitive training for recent onset schizophrenia.
Impaired perception of illusory contours and cortical hypometabolism in patients with Parkinson’s disease
Social cognition in the blind brain: A coordinate‐based meta‐analysis
Dysfunction of anterior insula in the non- affected hemisphere in patients with post- stroke depression: A resting-state fMRI study
"""First pain"" in humans: convergent and specific forebrain responses"
Determining the Optimal Stimulation Sessions for TMS-Induced Recovery of Upper Extremity Motor Function Post Stroke: A Randomized Controlled Trial
Cardiovascular and Coordination Training Differentially Improve Cognitive Performance and Neural Processing in Older Adults
Fiber connectivity density mapping in end-stage renal disease patients: a preliminary study.
Subcortical amyloid load is associated with shape and volume in cognitively normal individuals.
The spatio-temporal dynamics of deviance and target detection in the passive and active auditory oddball paradigm: a sLORETA study
Abnormal intra-network architecture in extra-striate cortices in amblyopia: a resting state fMRI study
Neural responding during uncertain threat anticipation in pediatric anxiety.
Large-scale network abnormality in behavioral addiction.
Vascular and neuronal effects of general anesthesia on the brain: An fMRI study.
Cortical encoding of linguistic constituent with and without morphosyntactic cues.
Disruptions of default mode network and precuneus connectivity associated with cognitive dysfunctions in tinnitus
Neural Mechanisms of Cognitive Dissonance (Revised): An EEG Study
How attitudes generated by humanoid robots shape human brain activity
A multimodal neuroimaging study of brain abnormalities and clinical correlates in post treatment Lyme disease
Surface-Based Morphometry of Cortical Thickness and Surface Area Associated with Heschl's Gyri Duplications in 430 Healthy Volunteers
Stochastic resonance at early visual cortex during figure orientation discrimination using transcranial magnetic stimulation.
Altered dynamic spontaneous neural activity in minimal hepatic encephalopathy
Altered regional homogeneity in pediatric bipolar disorder during manic and euthymic state: a resting-state fMRI study.
Increased Functional Activation of Limbic Brain Regions during Negative Emotional Processing in Migraine
Altered spontaneous brain activities in maintenance hemodialysis patients with cognitive impairment and the construction of cognitive function prediction models
Learning from the other limb's experience: sharing the ‘trained’ M1 representation of the motor sequence knowledge
Minimal group membership biases early neural processing of emotional expressions.
The role of medial prefrontal cortex in the working memory maintenance of one’s own emotional responses
Cognitive conflict and restructuring: The neural basis of two core components of insight
Aberrant intrinsic connectivity in women victims of sexual assault.
"Dopamine Multilocus Genetic Profile, Spontaneous Activity of Left Superior Temporal Gyrus, and Early Therapeutic Effect in Major Depressive Disorder"
Abnormal brain activity in lumbar disc herniation patients with chronic pain is associated with their clinical symptoms
The Function of the Hippocampus in Bridging Functional and Temporal Discontiguity
The cognitive and neural mechanisms underlying norm-enforcement behaviors under social observation.
Pain Modulation in Waking and Hypnosis in Women: Event-Related Potentials and Sources of Cortical Activity
The relationship of impulsivity and cortical thickness in depressed and non-depressed adolescents.
Cognitive training enhances growth mindset in children through plasticity of cortico-striatal circuits
Abnormal Functional Connectivity of Resting State Network Detection Based on Linear ICA Analysis in Autism Spectrum Disorder
Why the processing of repeated targets are better than that of no repetition: evidence from easy-to-difficult and difficult-to-easy switching situations
"Processing number and length in the parietal cortex: Sharing resources, not a common code."
Neural Evidence of Language Membership Control in Bilingual Word Recognition: An fMRI Study of Cognate Processing in Chinese–Japanese Bilinguals
Neural correlates of affective theory of mind in medication-free nonsuicidal self-injury: An fMRI study
Expecting to See a Letter: Alpha Oscillations as Carriers of Top-Down Sensory Predictions.
Neural Correlates of Group Versus Individual Problem Solving Revealed by fMRI
Hippocampus and amygdala volumes from magnetic resonance images in children: Assessing accuracy of FreeSurfer and FSL against manual segmentation.
Concurrent TMS/fMRI reveals individual DLPFC dose-response pattern.
Elevated Preattentive Affective Processing in Individuals with Borderline Personality Disorder: A Preliminary fMRI Study
Altered Resting-State Brain Activity and Functional Connectivity in Post-Stroke Apathy: An fMRI Study
Cortical iron disrupts functional connectivity networks supporting working memory performance in older adults
Evaluating whole‐brain tissue‐property changes in MRI‐negative pharmacoresistant focal epilepsies using MR fingerprinting
Effects of acute tryptophan depletion on central processing of CT-targeted and discriminatory touch in humans.
"‘Syntactic Perturbation’ During Production Activates the Right IFG, but not Broca’s Area or the ATL"
Advanced Hadamard-encoded editing of seven low-concentration brain metabolites: Principles of HERCULES.
No smoking signs with strong smoking symbols induce weak cravings: an fMRI and EEG study.
Restoration of default mode network and task positive network anti-correlation associated with mindfulness-based cognitive therapy for bipolar disorder.
Neural organization of speech production: A lesion-based study of error patterns in connected speech.
Altered dynamic functional connectivity in the primary visual cortex in patients with primary angle-closure glaucoma
Abnormal amygdala subregional-sensorimotor connectivity correlates with positive symptom in schizophrenia
Differentiation of Cerebellum-Type and Parkinson-Type of Multiple System Atrophy by Using Multimodal MRI Parameters
"Functional connectivity in prenatally stressed rats with and without maternal treatment with ladostigil, a brain-selective monoamine oxidase inhibitor."
Cross-Sectional Investigation of Brain Volume in Dyslexia
Nonlinear engagement of action observation network underlying action anticipation in players with different levels of expertise
The relationship between attention and avoidance coping in anorexia nervosa: functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Obliviate! Reviewing Neural Fundamentals of Intentional Forgetting from a Meta-Analytic Perspective
"Associations between long-term psychosis risk, probabilistic category learning, and attenuated psychotic symptoms with cortical surface morphometry."
New Perspective for Non-invasive Brain Stimulation Site Selection in Mild Cognitive Impairment: Based on Meta- and Functional Connectivity Analyses
Association between somatosensory sensitivity and regional gray matter volume in healthy young volunteers: a voxel-based morphometry study
Correlation Between Hippocampus MRI Radiomic Features and Resting-State Intrahippocampal Functional Connectivity in Alzheimer’s Disease
The amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation characteristics in depressed adolescents with suicide attempts: a resting-state fMRI study
Regional gray matter correlates of vocational interests
Neural Correlates of Moral Evaluation and Psychopathic Traits in Male Multi-Problem Young Adults
BMRMI Reduces Depressive Rumination Possibly through Improving Abnormal FC of Dorsal ACC
College Binge Drinking Associated with Decreased Frontal Activation to Negative Emotional Distractors during Inhibitory Control
Brain Mechanisms Underlying Visuo-Orthographic Deficits in Children With Developmental Dyslexia
"Risk factors for internalizing symptoms: The influence of empathy, theory of mind, and negative thinking processes"
Frequency-Specific Abnormalities of Intrinsic Functional Connectivity Strength among Patients with Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Decreased intrinsic neural timescale in treatment-naïve adolescent depression.
Efficacy of Sound Therapy for Tinnitus Using an Enriched Acoustic Environment with Hearing-Loss Matched Broadband Noise
Reward Value Enhances Sequence Monitoring Ramping Dynamics as Ending Rewards Approach in the Rostrolateral Prefrontal Cortex
Altered Default Mode Network Dynamics in Civil Aviation Pilots
Neuroanatomical correlates of grit: Growth mindset mediates the association between gray matter structure and trait grit in late adolescence.
Doubling down: increased risk-taking behavior following a loss by individuals with cocaine use disorder is associated with striatal and anterior cingulate dysfunction.
Task switching involves working memory: Evidence from neural representation
Altered functional connectivity during performance feedback processing in multiple sclerosis
Brain Atrophy and Clinical Characterization of Adults With Mild Cognitive Impairment and Different Cerebrospinal Fluid Biomarker Profiles According to the AT(N) Research Framework of Alzheimer’s Disease
The Neural Basis of Individual Differences in Directional Sense
Asking ‘why?’ enhances theory of mind when evaluating harm but not purity violations
The Neural Correlates of Cued Reward Omission
Interhemispheric Connectivity Influences the Degree of Modulation of TMS-Induced Effects during Auditory Processing
Subcortical and default mode network connectivity is impaired in myalgic encephalomyelitis/chronic fatigue syndrome
Feeling How Old I Am: Subjective Age Is Associated With Estimated Brain Age
Advantages of cortical surface reconstruction using submillimeter 7 T MEMPRAGE.
High-Frequency Hearing Loss Is Associated With Anxiety and Brain Structural Plasticity in Older Adults
Time to Face Language: Embodied Mechanisms Underpin the Inception of Face-Related Meanings in the Human Brain
"Right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex volumetric reduction is associated with antidepressant effect of low-dose ketamine infusion: A randomized, double-blind, midazolam-controlled PET-MRI clinical trial."
"Direct voluntary control of pupil constriction and dilation: Exploratory evidence from pupillometry, optometry, skin conductance, perception, and functional MRI."
Regional homogeneity alterations in multifrequency bands in patients with basal ganglia stroke: A resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Voxel-based morphometry of grey matter structures in Parkinson’s Disease with wearing-off
Multivariate morphological brain signatures enable individualized prediction of dispositional need for closure
Abnormal Spontaneous Brain Activities of Limbic-Cortical Circuits in Patients With Dry Eye Disease
Coupling between spontaneous pupillary fluctuations and brain activity relates to inattentiveness.
Prism adaptation effect on neural activity and spatial neglect depend on brain lesion site.
High-fidelity mapping of repetition-related changes in the parietal memory network.
White Matter Changes in Patients with Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment Detected by Diffusion Tensor Imaging
"Relationships between gross motor skills, cardiovascular fitness, and visuospatial working memory-related brain activation in 8- to 10-year-old children"
Dysfunction of the Lenticular Nucleus Is Associated with Dystonia in Wilson’s Disease
Neuroanatomical Correlates of Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation in Presymptomatic Granulin Mutation Carriers.
The Modular Organization of Pain Brain Networks: An fMRI Graph Analysis Informed by Intracranial EEG
Oxytocin attenuates neural response to emotional faces in social drinkers: an fMRI study
Effects of acupuncture stimulation on brain activation induced by cue-elicited alcohol craving
Resting-State Functional Connectivity Signatures of Apathy in Community-Living Older Adults
An fMRI study of inhibitory control and the effects of exposure to violence in Latin-American early adolescents: alterations in frontoparietal activation and performance
Smaller Regional Gray Matter Volume in Homeless African American Cocaine-Dependent Men: A Preliminary Report
The Unique Contributions of Verbal Analogical Reasoning and Nonverbal Matrix Reasoning to Science and Maths Problem‐Solving in Adolescence
Single‐value scores of memory‐related brain activity reflect dissociable neuropsychological and anatomical signatures of neurocognitive aging
Other people’s gaze encoded as implied motion in the human brain
Brain imaging-based machine learning in autism spectrum disorder: methods and applications.
Brain activity during pursuit and goal-conflict threat avoidance in major depressive disorder
Six-Minute Walking Distance Correlated with Memory and Brain Volume in Older Adults with Mild Cognitive Impairment: A Voxel-Based Morphometry Study
"Brain structural correlates of autistic traits across the diagnostic
divide: A grey matter and white matter microstructure study"
Modulation effects of repeated transcranial direct current stimulation on the dorsal attention and frontal parietal networks and its association with placebo and nocebo effects
Amisulpride and l‐DOPA modulate subcortical brain nuclei connectivity in resting‐state pharmacologic magnetic resonance imaging
Elevated Dopamine Synthesis as a Mechanism of Cognitive Resilience in Aging.
"Optical recognition of the eggs of four Aedine mosquito species (Aedes albopictus, Aedes geniculatus, Aedes japonicus, and Aedes koreicus)"
Changes in functional organization and white matter integrity in the connectome in Parkinson's disease
Activation and Connectivity within the Default Mode Network Contribute Independently to Future-Oriented Thought
Changes in Regional Homogeneity of Medication-Free Major Depressive Disorder Patients With Different Onset Ages
Opposing associations of Internet Use Disorder symptom domains with structural and functional organization of the striatum: A dimensional neuroimaging approach
Different patterns of cerebral perfusion in SLE patients with and without neuropsychiatric manifestations
Hippocampal vascular reserve associated with cognitive performance and hippocampal volume
Gray matter volume covariance networks associated with dual-task cost during walking-while-talking.
How words impact on pain
Altered Fronto-Temporal Functional Connectivity in Individuals at Ultra-High-Risk of Developing Psychosis
"Intermittent theta burst stimulation for negative symptoms of schizophrenia—A double-blind, sham-controlled pilot study"
Deep learning‐based BMI inference from structural brain MRI reflects brain alterations following lifestyle intervention
It is more than Interference: Examining the neurohemodynamic correlates of the flanker task with functional near-infrared spectroscopy.
Alterations in Spontaneous Neuronal Activity and Microvascular Density of the Optic Nerve Head in Active Thyroid-Associated Ophthalmopathy
Abnormal Large-Scale Neuronal Network in High Myopia
Greater preference consistency during the Willingness-to-Pay task is related to higher resting state connectivity between the ventromedial prefrontal cortex and the ventral striatum.
Neural Basis of Sensorimotor Plasticity in Speech Motor Adaptation.
Unhealthy yet Avoidable—How Cognitive Bias Modification Alters Behavioral and Brain Responses to Food Cues in Individuals with Obesity
Increased Left Inferior Temporal Gyrus Was Found in Both Low Function Autism and High Function Autism
Disconnected neuromagnetic networks in children born very preterm
Interrelations between dopamine and serotonin producing sites and regions of the default mode network
Peripheral apoE isoform levels in cognitively normal APOE ε3/ε4 individuals are associated with regional gray matter volume and cerebral glucose metabolism
Abnormal resting state activity of left middle occipital gyrus and its functional connectivity in female patients with major depressive disorder
Functional connectivity between the thalamus and the primary somatosensory cortex in major depressive disorder: a resting-state fMRI study
"I lie, why don't you: Neural mechanisms of individual differences in self-serving lying."
Functional properties of resting state networks in healthy full-term newborns
"Acute effects of ketamine on the pregenual anterior cingulate: linking spontaneous activation, functional connectivity, and glutamate metabolism"
Effect of emotional arousal on inter-temporal decision-making: an fMRI study
Neurometabolic and functional connectivity basis of prosocial behavior in early adolescence
The angular gyrus serves as an interface between the non-lexical reading network and the semantic system: evidence from dynamic causal modeling
Differential Effects of Tai Chi Chuan (Motor-Cognitive Training) and Walking on Brain Networks: A Resting-State fMRI Study in Chinese Women Aged 60
Cognitive Control as a 5-HT1A-Based Domain That Is Disrupted in Major Depressive Disorder
Altered Effective Connectivity of Hippocampus-Dependent Episodic Memory Network in mTBI Survivors
Working Memory Maintenance of Visual and Auditory Spatial Information Relies on Supramodal Neural Codes in the Dorsal Frontoparietal Cortex
Language processing following childhood poverty: Evidence for disrupted neural networks.
Brain morphological changes in hypokinetic dysarthria of Parkinson's disease and use of machine learning to predict severity
Intensity-Dependent Effects of Acute Exercise on Executive Function
A voxel‐based morphometry study on gray matter correlates of need for cognition and exploratory information seeking
Activation of the language control network in bilingual visual word recognition.
Dynamics and Concordance Abnormalities Among Indices of Intrinsic Brain Activity in Individuals With Subjective Cognitive Decline: A Temporal Dynamics Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Analysis
Clinical response to treatment with a partial dopamine agonist is related to changes in reward processing.
Functional network connectivity is altered in patients with upper limb somatosensory impairments in the acute phase post stroke: A cross-sectional study
Behavioral and Neural Dysregulation to Social Rewards and Links to Internalizing Symptoms in Adolescents
Hypo-activity of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex relates to increased reaction time variability in patients with schizophrenia
Neural Responses to Truth Telling and Risk Propensity under Asymmetric Information
Perilesional and contralesional brain activations related to associative encoding of unfamiliar face-names pairs in adults with left chronic stroke with or without ischemic infarct on left inferior frontal gyrus.
What disconnection tells about motor imagery: evidence from paraplegic patients.
Greater response variability in adolescents is associated with increased white matter development
Inverted U-shape-like functional connectivity alterations in cognitive resting-state networks depending on exercise intensity: An fMRI study.
The superior frontal sulcus in the human brain: Morphology and probability maps
Abnormal Insular Dynamic Functional Connectivity and Its Relation to Social Dysfunctioning in Children With Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder
Dopaminergic involvement during mental fatigue in health and cocaine addiction
"Brain response to food stimulation in obese, normal weight, and successful weight loss maintainers"
Prediction errors arising from switches between major and minor modes in music: An fMRI study.
Neural Correlates of Belief and Emotion Attribution in Schizophrenia
Effect of Cognitive Training in Fully Immersive Virtual Reality on Visuospatial Function and Frontal-Occipital Functional Connectivity in Predementia: Randomized Controlled Trial
CNS animal fMRI in pain and analgesia.
Multimodal Evaluation of Neurovascular Functionality in Early Parkinson's Disease
Structural and functional correlates of the response to deep brain stimulation at ventral capsule/ventral striatum region for treatment-resistant depression
Non-linear Parameter Estimates from Non-stationary MEG Data
Jumping on the ‘bad’wagon? How group membership influences responses to the social exclusion of others
Abnormal degree centrality in end-stage renal disease (ESRD) patients with cognitive impairment: a resting-state functional MRI study.
The Association between Lifelong Greenspace Exposure and 3-Dimensional Brain Magnetic Resonance Imaging in Barcelona Schoolchildren
Altered functional connectivity pattern of hippocampal subfields in individuals with objectively‐defined subtle cognitive decline and its association with cognition and cerebrospinal fluid biomarkers
Neural basis of romantic partners’ decisions about participation in leisure activity
Altered brain activity in patients with strabismus and amblyopia detected by analysis of regional homogeneity: A resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study
The neural architecture of age-related dual-task interferences
Functional MRI of music emotion processing in frontotemporal dementia
Linguistic theory and neuroimaging evidence: an fMRI study of Broca's area in lexical semantics.
Shared premotor activity in spoken and written communication.
White Matter Atrophy in Patients with Mesial Temporal Lobe Epilepsy: Voxel-Based Morphometry Analysis of T1- and T2-Weighted MR Images
Arithmetic problem size modulates brain activations in females but not in males.
Alterations of local functional connectivity in lifespan: A resting‐state fMRI study
Cortical amyloid-beta burden is associated with changes in intracortical myelin in cognitively normal older adults
The Correlation between Functional Connectivity of the Primary Somatosensory Cortex and Cervical Spinal Cord Microstructural Injury in Patients with Cervical Spondylotic Myelopathy
Central serotonin modulates neural responses to virtual violent actions in emotion regulation networks
"Altered Effective Connectivity in the Default Network of the Brains of First-Episode, Drug-Naïve Schizophrenia Patients With Auditory Verbal Hallucinations"
Cognitive fatigue in individuals with traumatic brain injury is associated with caudate activation
Relationship between changes in resting-state spontaneous brain activity and cognitive impairment in patients with CADASIL
Mind-wandering in Parkinson's disease hallucinations reflects primary visual and default network coupling.
Exploratory Analyses of Cerebral Gray Matter Volumes After Out-of-Hospital Cardiac Arrest in Good Outcome Survivors
A cross-brain neural mechanism for human-to-human verbal communication
The suppression of brain activation in post-deployment military personnel with posttraumatic stress symptoms.
Response Inhibition and Binge Drinking During Transition to University: An fMRI Study
Diminished supraspinal pain modulation in patients with mild traumatic brain injury
Correlates of anomia in non-semantic variants of primary progressive aphasia converge over time.
Cortico-Amygdala Coupling as a Marker of Early Relapse Risk in Cocaine-Addicted Individuals
The Neural Substrate and Functional Integration of Uncertainty in Decision Making: An Information Theory Approach
Diagnostic Efficacy of Voxel-Mirrored Homotopic Connectivity in Vascular Dementia as Compared to Alzheimer’s Related Neurodegenerative Diseases—A Resting State fMRI Study
Differential brain activations in adult attention-deficit/ hyperactivity disorder subtypes: a counting Stroop functional MRI study.
Telling true from false: cannabis users show increased susceptibility to false memories
Sex differences of brain cortical structure in major depressive disorder
Keeping an eye on the conductor: neural correlates of visuo-motor synchronization and musical experience
Relationship altered between functional T1ρ and BOLD signals in bipolar disorder
Associations of depressive symptoms with white matter abnormalities and regional cerebral blood flow in patients with amnestic mild cognitive impairment
Impulsivity in heroin-dependent individuals: structural and functional abnormalities within frontostriatal circuits.
Human amygdala activation by the sound produced during dental treatment: A fMRI study
Distinctive Frontal and Occipitotemporal Surface Features in Neglectful Parenting
Brief Postnatal Visual Deprivation Triggers Long-Lasting Interactive Structural and Functional Reorganization of the Human Cortex
Multimodal assessment of white matter microstructure in antipsychotic-naïve schizophrenia patients and confounding effects of recreational drug use.
Effects of the perceived temporal distance of events on mental time travel and on its underlying brain circuits
Altered Spatial and Temporal Brain Connectivity in the Salience Network of Sensorineural Hearing Loss and Tinnitus
Systematic Comparison of Brain Imaging Meta-Analyses of ToM with vPT
Alexithymia is associated with neural reactivity to masked emotional faces in adolescents who self-harm.
Less Is Better: Single-Digit Brain Functional Connections Predict T2DM and T2DM-Induced Cognitive Impairment
The Neural Basis of Semantic Prediction in Sentence Comprehension.
Brain Circuit for Cognitive Control is Shared by Task and Language Switching.
Correlations between MRI-assessed volumes of the thalamus and cortical Brodmann's areas in schizophrenia.
Brain functional connectivity during storage based on resting state functional magnetic resonance imaging with synchronous urodynamic testing in healthy volunteers.
Bidirectional alterations in ALFF across slow-5 and slow-4 frequencies in the brains of postherpetic neuralgia patients
Individual differences in cognitive reappraisal usage modulate the time course of brain activation during symptom provocation in specific phobia
Abnormal Left-Sided Orbitomedial Prefrontal Cortical–Amygdala Connectivity during Happy and Fear Face Processing: A Potential Neural Mechanism of Female MDD
Vortioxetine Modulates the Regional Signal in First-Episode Drug-Free Major Depressive Disorder at Rest
Effects of Cigarette Smoking on Resting-State Functional Connectivity of the Nucleus Basalis of Meynert in Mild Cognitive Impairment
Network-Dependent Modulation of COMT and DRD2 Polymorphisms in Healthy Young Adults
Disrupted Regional Homogeneity in Major Depressive Disorder With Gastrointestinal Symptoms at Rest
FMRI-based identity classification accuracy in left temporal and frontal regions predicts speaker recognition performance
Effects of vocoding and intelligibility on the cerebral response to speech
The effects of age on cerebral activations: internally versus externally driven processes
Functional Activation During a Cognitive Control Task in Healthy Youth Specific to Externalizing or Internalizing Behaviors.
Building the bodily self‐awareness: Evidence for the convergence between interoceptive and exteroceptive information in a multilevel kernel density analysis study
"Dimensional anhedonia and the adolescent brain: reward and aversion anticipation, effort and consummation"
"Environmental noise, brain structure, and language development in children."
Driver's turning intent recognition model based on brain activation and contextual information
Network Based Statistical Analysis Detects Changes Induced by Continuous Theta-Burst Stimulation on Brain Activity at Rest
Delay discounting and neurocognitive correlates among inner city adolescents with and without family history of substance use disorder
Bottom-up Retinotopic Organization Supports Top-down Mental Imagery
Meta-analytic evidence for altered mesolimbic responses to reward in schizophrenia.
Reward-Related Neural Correlates of Antisocial Behavior and Callous-Unemotional Traits in Young Men.
Decreased resting-state neural signal in the left angular gyrus as a potential neuroimaging biomarker of schizophrenia: An amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation and support vector machine analysis
Differential Neural Correlates in the Prefrontal Cortex during a Delay Discounting Task in Healthy Adults: An fNIRS Study
Magnetic resonance imaging DTI-FT study on schizophrenic patients with typical negative first symptoms
Let it be: mindful acceptance down-regulates pain and negative emotion
Language processing in Internet use disorder: Task-based fMRI study
Cortico-Hippocampal Brain Connectivity-Guided Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation Enhances Face-Cued Word-Based Associative Memory in the Short Term
Distinct influence of parental occupation on cortical thickness and surface area in children and adolescents: Relation to self‐esteem
Stimulus‐responsive and task‐dependent activations in occipital regions during pitch perception by early blind listeners
Cannabis Dampens the Effects of Music in Brain Regions Sensitive to Reward and Emotion
Sensitivity to the temporal structure of rapid sound sequences — An MEG study
Voxel-based analysis of gray matter relaxation rates shows different correlation patterns for cognitive impairment and physical disability in relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis
Functional Connectivity Change Associated With Apolipoprotein E Allotypes Precedes Structural Connectivity and Neurodegeneration in Cognitive Normal Older Adults Without Cerebral Aβ Deposition
Alterations of the default mode network and cognitive impairments in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
Rhinal-hippocampal EEG coherence is reduced during human sleep.
Identification of minimal hepatic encephalopathy based on dynamic functional connectivity.
Resting State fMRI Reveals Increased Subthalamic Nucleus and Sensorimotor Cortex Connectivity in Patients with Parkinson’s Disease under Medication
Altered Neurovascular Coupling in Subcortical Ischemic Vascular Disease
Altered neural activity to monetary reward/loss processing in episodic migraine
Decreased Gray Matter Volume of Cuneus and Lingual Gyrus in Schizophrenia Patients with Tardive Dyskinesia is Associated with Abnormal Involuntary Movement
Evidence of a Synergistic Effect of Acupoint Combination: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Interpersonal brain synchronization during face-to-face economic exchange between acquainted dyads
Audio-Tactile Integration and the Influence of Musical Training
Altered dynamic amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation in individuals at high risk for Alzheimer's disease.
Neural correlates of deceased-related attention during acute grief in suicide-related bereavement.
Musical Activity During Life Is Associated With Multi-Domain Cognitive and Brain Benefits in Older Adults
The Effects of Intranasal Oxytocin on Neural and Behavioral Responses to Social Touch in the Form of Massage
The Parahippocampal Cortex Mediates Contextual Associative Memory: Evidence from an fMRI Study
The Vulnerability to Suicidal Behavior is Associated with Reduced Connectivity Strength
Successful Encoding during Natural Reading Is Associated with Fixation-Related Potentials and Large-Scale Network Deactivation
White-Matter Hyperintensity Load and Differences in Resting-State Network Connectivity Based on Mild Cognitive Impairment Subtype
Potential Locations for Non-Invasive Brain Stimulation in Treating Schizophrenia: A Resting-State Functional Connectivity Analysis
Considering total intracranial volume and other nuisance variables in brain voxel based morphometry in idiopathic PD.
Mismatch or allostatic load? Timing of life adversity differentially shapes gray matter volume and anxious temperament
Alterations of cerebellar white matter integrity and associations with cognitive impairments in schizophrenia
Modeling Future Conservation of Hawaiian Honeycreepers by Mosquito Management and Translocation of Disease-Tolerant Amakihi
Attenuated self-serving bias in people with internet gaming disorder is related to altered neural activity in subcortical-cortical midline structures
Combining Computational Modeling and Neuroimaging to Examine Multiple Category Learning Systems in the Brain
Multivariate analysis differentiates intertemporal choices in both value and cognitive control network
Graph-Theory-Based Degree Centrality Combined with Machine Learning Algorithms Can Predict Response to Treatment with Antipsychotic Medications in Patients with First-Episode Schizophrenia
Internet Game Overuse Is Associated With an Alteration of Fronto-Striatal Functional Connectivity During Reward Feedback Processing
Altered reward-related neural responses in non-manifesting carriers of the Parkinson disease related LRRK2 mutation.
Functional connectivity and cognitive changes after donepezil treatment in healthy participants.
Structural similarity and category-specificity: a refined account.
Differences on Brain Connectivity in Adulthood Are Present in Subjects with Iron Deficiency Anemia in Infancy
Neural reward-related reactions to monetary gains for self and charity
Modulation of Brain Activity and Functional Connectivity by Acupuncture Combined With Donepezil on Mild-to-Moderate Alzheimer's Disease: A Neuroimaging Pilot Study
Impaired social brain network for processing dynamic facial expressions in autism spectrum disorders
State-Related Alterations of Spontaneous Neural Activity in Current and Remitted Depression Revealed by Resting-State fMRI
An fMRI Study of Adult Brain Cortical Activation Following Intensive Learning
Amplitude of Low-frequency Oscillations in Parkinson's Disease: A 2-year Longitudinal Resting-state Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Neural Mechanisms Underlying the Processing of Complex Sentences: An fMRI Study
Distinguishing the neural mechanism of attentional control and working memory in feature-based attentive tracking.
Mild traumatic brain injury is associated with effect of inflammation on structural changes of default mode network in those developing chronic pain
An fMRI study investigating cognitive modulation of brain regions associated with emotional processing of visual stimuli.
An fMRI study of scientists with a Ph.D. in physics confronted with naive ideas in science
Predicting trait-like individual differences in fear of pain in the healthy state using gray matter volume.
Neural Specificity for Grammatical Operations is Revealed by Content-Independent fMR Adaptation
Altered regional homogeneity of spontaneous brain activity in patients with toothache: A resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Altered gray matter volume in patients with herpes zoster and postherpetic neuralgia
Specific Correlation between the Hegu Point (LI4) and the Orofacial Part: Evidence from an fMRI Study
The altered functional connectivity density related to cognitive impairment in alcoholics
Connectome-based model predicts individual differences in propensity to trust.
Different role of the supplementary motor area and the insula between musicians and non-musicians in a controlled musical creativity task
Depicting People in Visual Cues Affects Alcohol Cue Reactivity in Male Alcohol-Dependent Patients
Does erotic stimulus presentation design affect brain activation patterns? Event-related vs. blocked fMRI designs
Contribution of estradiol levels and hormonal contraceptives to sex differences within the fear network during fear conditioning and extinction
Involvement of the anterior insula and frontal operculum during wh-question comprehension of wh-in-situ Korean language
Exploring the impact of immersive virtual reality on depression knowledge and stigma reduction: a cross-over RCT fMRI study
From baby brain to mommy brain: Widespread gray matter gain after giving birth.
"Speech-induced striatal dopamine release is left lateralized and coupled to functional striatal circuits in healthy humans: a combined PET, fMRI and DTI study."
Are Structural Changes Induced by Lithium in the HIV Brain Accompanied by Changes in Functional Connectivity?
Altered brain spontaneous activity in patients with cerebral small vessel disease using the amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation of different frequency bands
Brain reserve affects the expression of cognitive reserve networks
A Time-Varying Connectivity Analysis from Distributed EEG Sources: A Simulation Study
"Neural Differentiation is Moderated by Age in Scene-Selective, But Not Face-Selective, Cortical Regions"
Investigation of Changes in Retinal Detachment-Related Brain Region Activities and Functions Using the Percent Amplitude of Fluctuation Method: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
TPH-2 Gene Polymorphism in Major Depressive Disorder Patients With Early-Wakening Symptom
Inferior frontal gyrus involvement during search and solution in verbal creative problem solving: A parametric fMRI study
Striatal iron content is linked to reduced fronto-striatal brain function under working memory load.
Assessing executive functions in post-stroke aphasia—utility of verbally based tests
What Difference Does it Make? Risk-Taking Behavior in Obesity after a Loss is Associated with Decreased Ventromedial Prefrontal Cortex Activity
Frontopolar activity carries feature information of novel stimuli during unconscious reweighting of selective attention.
Positron Emission Tomography Imaging Reveals Auditory and Frontal Cortical Regions Involved with Speech Perception and Loudness Adaptation
Effects of ketamine on brain function during metacognition of episodic memory
On the domain-specificity of the visual and non-visual face-selective regions.
Disrupted functional connectivity of the cerebellum with default mode and frontoparietal networks in young adults with major depressive disorder.
Functional MRI of Verbal Self-monitoring in Schizophrenia: Performance and Illness-Specific Effects
"Decrease in Temporal Gyrus Gray Matter Volume in First-Episode, Early Onset Schizophrenia: An MRI Study"
Brain structural alterations associated with impulsiveness in male violent patients with schizophrenia
Aberrant Resting-State Functional Connectivity in MDD and the Antidepressant Treatment Effect—A 6-Month Follow-Up Study
"Associations between abnormal spontaneous neural activity and clinical variables, eye movements, and event-related potential indicators in major depressive disorder"
Altered topology of neural circuits in congenital prosopagnosia
Default mode network modifications in Fabry disease: A resting-state fMRI study with structural correlations.
Simultaneous modeling of reaction times and brain dynamics in a spatial cueing task
Multi-spectral diffusion MRI mega-analysis in genetic generalized epilepsy: Relation to outcomes
Multifocal alterations of white matter accompany the transition from normal cognition to dementia in Parkinson's disease patients.
An insula-driven network computes decision uncertainty and promotes abstinence in chronic cocaine users.
Long-Term Effects of Musical Training and Functional Plasticity in Salience System
Mapping the Multiple Graded Contributions of the Anterior Temporal Lobe Representational Hub to Abstract and Social Concepts: Evidence from Distortion-corrected fMRI
Language and developmental plasticity after perinatal stroke
Neural dynamics between anterior insular cortex and right supramarginal gyrus dissociate genuine affect sharing from perceptual saliency of pretended pain
Activity in the Fronto-Parietal and Visual Cortex Is Modulated by Feature-Based Attentional Weighting
Task-Selective Memory Effects for Successfully Implemented Encoding Strategies
Intrinsic connectomes are a predictive biomarker of remission in major depressive disorder
Improved emotional conflict control triggered by the processing priority of negative emotion
Influence of Musical Enculturation on Brain Responses to Metric Deviants
Tai Chi Chuan optimizes the functional organization of the intrinsic human brain architecture in older adults
Mapping the Interactive Effects of ApoE Gene Polymorphism on Caudate Functional Connectivity in Mild Cognitive Impairment Associated With Parkinson’s Disease
Neural correlates of extinguished threat recall underlying the commonality between pediatric anxiety and irritability.
Decreased brain functional connectivity associated with cognitive dysfunction in women with second pregnancy
Differential responses to infant faces in relation to maternal substance use: An exploratory study.
Reduced resting‐state functional connectivity and sleep impairment in abstinent male alcohol‐dependent patients
"Sometimes I feel the fear of uncertainty: How intolerance of uncertainty and trait anxiety impact fear acquisition, extinction and the return of fear."
Frequency-specific alternations in the moment-to-moment BOLD signals variability in schizophrenia.
Brain hubs in lesion models: Predicting functional network topology with lesion patterns in patients
Effects of Remote Expressive Arts Program in Older Adults with Mild Cognitive Impairment: A Randomized Controlled Trial
Altered Long- and Short-Range Functional Connectivity Density in Healthy Subjects After Sleep Deprivations
Therapy-Induced Neuroplasticity in Chronic Aphasia After Phonological Component Analysis: A Matter of Intensity
Probabilistic Category Learning and Striatal Functional Activation in Psychosis Risk.
Visuomotor Adaptation Brain Changes During a Spaceflight Analog With Elevated Carbon Dioxide (CO2): A Pilot Study
Recognition of Facial Emotion Expressions in Patients with Depressive Disorders: A Functional MRI Study
Structural and Functional Asymmetry in Precentral and Postcentral Gyrus in Patients With Unilateral Chronic Shoulder Pain
Parsing the neural correlates of anxious apprehension and anxious arousal in the grey-matter of healthy youth.
Potential of brain age in identifying early cognitive impairment in subcortical small-vessel disease patients
Examining neural correlates of psychopathology using a lesion-based approach.
Plasticity of Brain Networks in a Randomized Intervention Trial of Exercise Training in Older Adults
Depth‐dependent abnormal cortical myelination in first‐episode treatment‐naïve schizophrenia
Altered resting-state functional connectivity of insula in children with primary nocturnal enuresis
Functional interactions in patients with hemianopia: A graph theory-based connectivity study of resting fMRI signal
Perceived social isolation is correlated with brain structure and cognitive trajectory in Alzheimer’s disease
Hippocampal Resting State Functional Connectivity Associated with Physical Activity in Periadolescent Children
Examining the neural correlates of error awareness in a large fMRI study
Handedness is related to neural mechanisms underlying hemispheric lateralization of face processing
Enhanced structural connectivity within the motor loop in professional boxers prior to a match
Similarities and differences in the neural correlates of letter and speech sound integration in blind and sighted readers.
Altered Synchronizations among Neural Networks in Geriatric Depression
Intrinsic brain activity reorganization contributes to long-term compensation of higher-order hearing abilities in single-sided deafness
"Resting-state functional brain connectivity in a predominantly African-American sample of older adults: exploring links among personality traits, cognitive performance, and the default mode network"
"Cytoarchitecture, intersubject variability, and 3D mapping of four new areas of the human anterior prefrontal cortex"
Neural correlates of body and face perception following bilateral destruction of the primary visual cortices
Neural mechanisms of eye contact when listening to another person talking
Multimodal characterization of the human nucleus accumbens.
The developmental neural substrates of Hebb repetition learning and their link with reading ability
Subtle white matter alterations in schizophrenia identified with a new measure of fiber density
Alterations of spontaneous brain activity in type 2 diabetes mellitus without mild cognitive impairment: a resting-state functional magnetic resonance study
Effects of Carpal Tunnel Syndrome on Reach-to-Pinch Performance
Reduced Neural Recruitment for Bayesian Adjustment of Inhibitory Control in Methamphetamine Dependence.
Mapping the Homeostatic and Hedonic Brain Responses to Stevia Compared to Caloric Sweeteners and Water: A Double-Blind Randomised Controlled Crossover Trial in Healthy Adults
Multi-feature concatenation and multi-classifier stacking: An interpretable and generalizable machine learning method for MDD discrimination with rsfMRI.
ERP Modulation during Observation of Abstract Paintings by Franz Kline
Amygdala activation during unconscious visual processing of food
Altered Effective Connectivity of Children and Young Adults With Unilateral Amblyopia: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Observation of Static Pictures of Dynamic Actions Enhances the Activity of Movement-Related Brain Areas
Cognitive Control Modulates Effects of Episodic Simulation on Delay Discounting in Aging
Conditioned pain modulation is associated with heightened connectivity between the periaqueductal grey and cortical regions
Cerebral Metabolic Analysis of Patients With Colorectal Cancer and Chronic Enteritis: Inquiry Into Gut-Brain Crosstalk
The impact of emotional valence and stimulus habituation on fMRI signal reliability during emotion generation.
Brain activity predicts future learning success in intensive second language listening training.
Reduced functional network connectivity is associated with upper limb dysfunction in acute ischemic brainstem stroke.
Large-scale networks changes in Wilson’s disease associated with neuropsychiatric impairments: a resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Apolipoprotein E Homozygous ε4 Allele Status: A Deteriorating Effect on Visuospatial Working Memory and Global Brain Structure
Difficulties with Speech-in-Noise Perception Related to Fundamental Grouping Processes in Auditory Cortex
Multimodal classification of extremely preterm and term adolescents using the fusiform gyrus: A machine learning approach
Dynamical Complexity Fingerprints of Occupation-Dependent Brain Functional Networks in Professional Seafarers
Comparative Functional Connectivity of Core Brain Regions between Implicit and Explicit Memory Tasks Underlying Negative Emotion in General Anxiety Disorder
Neural Activities Underlying the Feedback Express Salience Prediction Errors for Appetitive and Aversive Stimuli
Preliminary analysis of resting state functional connectivity in young adults with subtypes of bipolar disorder.
Implicit signals in small group settings and their impact on the expression of cognitive capacity and associated brain responses
"Aberrant olfactory network functional connectivity in people with olfactory dysfunction following COVID-19 infection: an exploratory, observational study"
Right-Lateralized Enhancement of the Auditory Cortical Network During Imagined Music Performance
Aberrant resting-state functional connectivity associated with childhood trauma among juvenile offenders
Brain Functional Alteration at Different Stages of Neuropathic Pain With Allodynia and Emotional Disorders
"Cerebral, subcortical, and cerebellar activation evoked by selective stimulation of muscle and cutaneous afferents: an fMRI study"
Microglia dysfunction drives disrupted hippocampal amplitude of low frequency after acute kidney injury
Functional neuroimaging biomarkers of anhedonia response to escitalopram plus adjunct aripiprazole treatment for major depressive disorder
Computational and neural mechanisms of statistical pain learning
Neural alterations of emotion processing in atypical trajectories of psychotic-like experiences
Language Network Function in Young Children Born Very Preterm
Neural Correlates of Orthographic Access in Mandarin Chinese Writing: An fMRI Study of the Word-Frequency Effect
Sex differences in abnormal white matter development associated with conduct disorder in children.
Can the Brain Strategically Go on Automatic Pilot? The Effect of If-Then Planning on Behavioral Flexibility.
Functional Connectivity Correlates of Perceived Financial Exploitation in Older Adults
Practice makes perfect: the neural substrates of tactile discrimination by Mah-Jong experts include the primary visual cortex
Residual fMRI sensitivity for identity changes in acquired prosopagnosia
Bidirectional competitive interactions between motor memory and declarative memory during interleaved learning
The neural correlates of risky decision making across short and long runs
NIRS-Based Hyperscanning Reveals Inter-brain Neural Synchronization during Cooperative Jenga Game with Face-to-Face Communication
Higher Media Multi-Tasking Activity Is Associated with Smaller Gray-Matter Density in the Anterior Cingulate Cortex
"Long‐term effects of cognitive rehabilitation on brain, functional outcome and cognition in Parkinson's disease"
Brain predictive coding processes are associated to COMT gene Val158Met polymorphism.
Hormonal and neural correlates of prosocial conformity in adolescents
Modulation of Brain Functional Connectivity and Efficiency During an Endurance Cycling Task: A Source-Level EEG and Graph Theory Approach
Repeatability of Neural and Autonomic Responses to Acute Psychosocial Stress
Study of Brain Structure and Function in Chronic Mountain Sickness Based on fMRI
"Phase-Amplitude Coupling and Phase Synchronization Between Medial Temporal, Frontal and Posterior Brain Regions Support Episodic Autobiographical Memory Recall"
The dynamics of memory consolidation of landmarks.
Evidence for cortical adjustments to perceptual decision criteria during word recognition in noise
Exploring the Neural Basis of Real-Life Joint Action: Measuring Brain Activation during Joint Table Setting with Functional Near-Infrared Spectroscopy
Cortical activation during imagined walking for people with lower limb loss: a pilot study
Anomalous functional connectivity within the default-mode network in treatment-naive patients possessing first-episode major depressive disorder
Differential neural encoding of sensorimotor and visual body representations
Basal ganglia-orbitofrontal circuits are associated with prospective memory deficits in Wilson's disease.
Patterns of Co-Occurring Gray Matter Concentration Loss across the Huntington Disease Prodrome
Adaptive brain activity changes during tongue movement with palatal coverage from fMRI data
The development of functional connectivity within the dorsal striatum from early childhood to adulthood
Altered functional connectivity of cortical networks in semantic variant Primary Progressive Aphasia
Distinct and shared therapeutic neural mechanisms of mindfulness-based and social support stress reduction groups in adults with autism spectrum disorder
Evaluating a novel MR‐compatible foot pedal device for unipedal and bipedal motion: Test–retest reliability of evoked brain activity
Disruption of Cerebellar–Cerebral Functional Connectivity in Temporal Lobe Epilepsy and the Connection to Language and Cognitive Functions
Functional connectivity of brain networks during semantic processing in older adults
"Subcortical Shape Changes, Hippocampal Atrophy and Cortical Thinning in Future Alzheimer's Disease Patients"
Rates of β-amyloid deposition indicate widespread simultaneous accumulation throughout the brain.
Neighborhood Disadvantage Associated With Blunted Amygdala Reactivity to Predictable and Unpredictable Threat in a Community Sample of Youth
Connectome-based predictive modeling of Internet addiction symptomatology
"Human motor cortex relies on sparse and action-specific activation during laughing, smiling and speech production"
Emotional intelligence moderates the relationship between regional gray matter volume in the bilateral temporal pole and critical thinking disposition.
Ventromedial Prefrontal Cortex Activation Is Associated with Memory Formation for Predictable Rewards
A daytime nap restores hippocampal function and improves declarative learning
Daily artificial gravity is associated with greater neural efficiency during sensorimotor adaptation.
Preliminary comparative study of cortical thickness in HIV-infected patients with and without working memory deficit
Does inhibitory control training transfer?: behavioral and neural effects on an untrained emotion regulation task.
Alteration of static and dynamic intrinsic brain activity induced by short-term spinal cord stimulation in postherpetic neuralgia patients
Abnormal brain functional connectivity leads to impaired mood and cognition in hyperthyroidism: a resting-state functional MRI study
How accurate are coordinate systems being used for transcranial magnetic stimulation?
Support vector machine-based classification of schizophrenia patients and healthy controls using structural magnetic resonance imaging from two independent sites
Distinct connectivity profiles predict different in-time processes of motor skill learning.
Differential contributions of the two human cerebral hemispheres to action timing
Anxiety attenuates learning advantages conferred by statistical stability and induces loss of volatility‐attuning in brain activity
Gray and white matter abnormalities in primary trigeminal neuralgia with and without neurovascular compression
Shared and distinct neural correlates of first and second language morphological processing in bilingual brain
Two-year cortical trajectories are abnormal in children and adolescents with prenatal alcohol exposure
A Retrospective Case Series Analysis of the Relationship Between Phenylalanine: Tyrosine Ratio and Cerebral Glucose Metabolism in Classical Phenylketonuria and Hyperphenylalaninemia
Cognitive training-induced short-term functional and long-term structural plastic change is related to gains in global cognition in healthy older adults: a pilot study
Aberrant frontolimbic circuit in female depressed adolescents with and without suicidal attempts: A resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Restructuring of contralateral gray matter volume associated with cognition in patients with unilateral temporal lobe glioma before and after surgery
Short communication: Lifetime musical activity and resting-state functional connectivity in cognitive networks
Lessons learned from 40 novel PIGA patients and a review of the literature.
The role of the hippocampus in the semantic variant of primary progressive aphasia: A resting-state fcMRI study.
Integrative interaction of emotional speech in audio-visual modality
A Computerized Version of the Scrambled Sentences Test
Functional activation features of memory in successful agers across the adult lifespan
"Morphological processing in the brain: The good (inflection), the bad (derivation) and the ugly (compounding)."
"Functional, anatomical and diffusion tensor MRI study of radiology expertise"
Abnormal Cerebral Blood Flow and Volumetric Brain Morphometry in Patients With Obstructive Sleep Apnea
Increased Cerebellar Functional Connectivity With the Default-Mode Network in Unaffected Siblings of Schizophrenia Patients at Rest.
More than fear? Brain activation patterns of dental phobic patients before and after an exposure-based treatment
Brain gray matter reduction and premature brain aging after breast cancer chemotherapy: a longitudinal multicenter data pooling analysis.
Altered brain network centrality in middle‐aged patients with retinitis pigmentosa: A resting‐state functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Sex difference in neural substrates underlying the association between trait self-control and overeating in the COVID-19 pandemic
Distinct alterations in cerebellar connectivity with substantia nigra and ventral tegmental area in Parkinson’s disease
Different Neural Information Flows Affected by Activity Patterns for Action and Verb Generation
The multidimensional representational space of observed socio-affective touch experiences
Decomposing Effects of Time on Task Reveals an Anteroposterior Gradient of Perceptual Decision Regions
Different Neural Activities for Actions and Language within the Shared Brain Regions: Evidence from Action and Verb Generation
Aesthetic appraisals of literary style and emotional intensity in narrative engagement are neurally dissociable
Establishing the Roles of the Dorsal and Ventral Striatum in Humor Comprehension and Appreciation with fMRI
Chemosensory anxiety cues moderate the experience of social exclusion – an fMRI investigation with Cyberball
Early-childhood social reticence predicts SCR-BOLD coupling during fear extinction recall in preadolescent youth
Genotype x environment interaction and genetic gain for grain yield and grain quality traits in Turkish spring wheat released between 1964 and 2010
Recognizable rehabilitation movements of multiple unilateral upper limb: An fMRI study of motor execution and motor imagery.
Autistic traits are associated with the functional connectivity of between—but not within—attention systems in the general population
When laughter arrests speech: fMRI-based evidence
"Classic Block Design ""Pseudo""-Resting-State fMRI Changes After a Neurorehabilitation Program in Patients with Multiple Sclerosis."
Altered Fractional Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuation in Major Depressive Disorder and Bipolar Disorder
"Effect of APOE ε4 genotype on amyloid‐β, glucose metabolism, and gray matter volume in cognitively normal individuals and amnestic mild cognitive impairment"
Altered functional connectivity during evaluation of self-relevance in women with borderline personality disorder
The neural basis of emotions varies over time: different regions go with onset- and offset-bound processes underlying emotion intensity
Modulating Effects of Contextual Emotions on the Neural Plasticity Induced by Word Learning
Decreased cortical thickness of left premotor cortex as a treatment predictor in major depressive disorder.
A Possible Role of Prolonged Whirling Episodes on Structural Plasticity of the Cortical Networks and Altered Vertigo Perception: The Cortex of Sufi Whirling Dervishes
Is it Worth the Effort? Novel Insights into Obesity-Associated Alterations in Cost-Benefit Decision-Making
Low‐frequency rTMS targeting individual self‐initiated finger‐tapping task activation modulates the amplitude of local neural activity in the putamen
Changes in Cortical Activation Patterns in Language Areas following an Aerobic Exercise Intervention in Older Adults
An exploratory study of resting-state functional connectivity of amygdala subregions in posttraumatic stress disorder following trauma in adulthood
Elevated responses to constant facial emotions in different faces in the human amygdala: an fMRI study of facial identity and expression
Altered spontaneous activity in young chronic cigarette smokers revealed by regional homogeneity
Altered habenular connectivity in chronic low back pain: An fMRI and machine learning study
Context-dependent amygdala–prefrontal connectivity during the dot-probe task varies by irritability and attention bias to angry faces
Effects of Age on Prestimulus Neural Activity Predictive of Successful Memory Encoding: An fMRI Study.
Neuroimaging in cockroach phobia: An experimental study
Simultaneous EEG + fMRI study of brain activity during an emotional Stroop task in individuals in remission from depression.
Abdominal fat is associated with a greater brain reward response to high-calorie food cues in Hispanic women
Mesocorticolimbic function in cocaine polydrug users: A multimodal study of drug cue reactivity and cognitive regulation
ACC Neuro-over-Connectivity Is Associated with Mathematically Modeled Additional Encoding Operations of Schizophrenia Stroop-Task Performance
Differences in resting-state brain activity in first-episode drug-naïve major depressive disorder patients with and without suicidal ideation.
Cortical Deficits are Correlated with Impaired Stereopsis in Patients with Strabismus
Multivoxel pattern analysis of structural MRI in children and adolescents with conduct disorder.
Low on energy? An energy supply-demand perspective on stress and depression.
A unified neurocognitive model of semantics language social behaviour and face recognition in semantic dementia
Firefighters Have Cerebral Blood Flow Reductions in the Orbitofrontal and Insular Cortices That are Associated with Poor Sleep Quality
Effect of Δ9-Tetrahydrocannabinol on frontostriatal resting state functional connectivity and subjective euphoric response in healthy young adults.
Voxel-based analysis of the metabolic asymmetrical and network patterns in hypermetabolism-associated crossed cerebellar diaschisis
Oxytocin modulates the effective connectivity between the precuneus and the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex.
Context Memory Decline in Middle Aged Adults is Related to Changes in Prefrontal Cortex Function.
Subgenual prefrontal cortex activity predicts individual differences in hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal activity across different contexts.
Beyond Motor Scheme: A Supramodal Distributed Representation in the Action-Observation Network
Obligatory and facultative brain regions for voice-identity recognition
Mind-Body Exercise Modulates Locus Coeruleus and Ventral Tegmental Area Functional Connectivity in Individuals With Mild Cognitive Impairment
Dissociations in cortical thickness and surface area in non-comorbid never-treated patients with social anxiety disorder
Gesturing tool use and tool transport actions modulates inferior parietal functional connectivity with the dorsal and ventral object processing pathways.
"The sexually dimorphic impact of maltreatment on cortical thickness, surface area and gyrification"
Association of NPSR1 gene variation and neural activity in patients with panic disorder and agoraphobia and healthy controls
A multidimensional examination of psychopathy traits and gray matter volume in adults
The Changes of Functional Connectivity Strength in Electroconvulsive Therapy for Depression: A Longitudinal Study
fMRI Retinotopic Mapping in Patients with Brain Tumors and Space-Occupying Brain Lesions in the Area of the Occipital Lobe
Cerebral Metabolic Differences Associated with Cognitive Impairment in Parkinson’s Disease
Altered connectivity patterns of medial and lateral orbitofrontal cortex underlie the severity of bulimic symptoms
Self-compassion is associated with less stress and depression and greater attention and brain response to affective stimuli in women managers
Neural reactivity to neutral and aversive stimuli: Evidence for altered precuneus function in internalizing psychopathologies.
vmPFC activation during a stressor predicts positive emotions during stress recovery
Altered Variability and Concordance of Dynamic Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Indices in Patients With Major Depressive Disorder and Childhood Trauma
Alteration of Regional Homogeneity within the Sensorimotor Network after Spinal Cord Decompression in Cervical Spondylotic Myelopathy: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Cerebellar atrophy and its contribution to motor and cognitive performance in multiple system atrophy
Corpus Callosum Functional Activities in Children with Cerebral Palsy
Genetic Variants of PICALM rs541458 Modulate Brain Spontaneous Activity in Older Adults With Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment
Top-down and bottom-up alterations of connectivity patterns of the suprachiasmatic nucleus in chronic insomnia disorder.
A comparison of egocentric and allocentric spatial memory in a patient with selective hippocampal damage.
Psilocybin-induced changes in neural reactivity to alcohol and emotional cues in patients with alcohol use disorder: an fMRI pilot study
Identifying and Predicting Autism Spectrum Disorder Based on Multi-Site Structural MRI With Machine Learning
Cognitive Decline and White Matter Integrity Degradation in Myotonic Dystrophy Type I.
Interactions between human orbitofrontal cortex and hippocampus support model-based inference
Pubertal maturation and sex effects on the default-mode network connectivity implicated in mood dysregulation
Neural mechanisms underlying the income-achievement gap: The role of the ventral visual stream
Altered Spontaneous Neural Activity in Peripartum Depression: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Should I Stay or Should I Go? FMRI Study of Response Inhibition in Early Illness Schizophrenia and Risk for Psychosis.
Different modulation effects of 1 Hz and 20 Hz transcutaneous auricular vagus nerve stimulation on the functional connectivity of the periaqueductal gray in patients with migraine
Sensorimotor and pain‐related alterations of the gray matter and white matter in Type 2 diabetic patients with peripheral neuropathy
Central encoding of the strength of intranasal chemosensory trigeminal stimuli in a human experimental pain setting
Neural responses to negative facial emotions: Sex differences in the correlates of individual anger and fear traits
Visuomotor processing is altered after peripheral nerve damage in neuralgic amyotrophy
Neurological evidence for the role of construal level in future-directed thought
Brain MR Image Classification for Alzheimer's Disease Diagnosis Based on Multifeature Fusion
Right cerebral motor areas that support accurate speech production following damage to cerebellar speech areas
The Assessment of Brain Functional Changes in the Temporal Lobe Epilepsy Patient with Cognitive Impairment by Resting-state Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging
Flight training changes the brain functional pattern in cadets
Basal ganglia dysfunction in idiopathic REM sleep behaviour disorder parallels that in early Parkinson’s disease
"The effect of Bafa Wubu of Tai Chi on college students’ anxiety and depression: A randomized, controlled pilot study"
Regional brain atrophy and aberrant cortical folding relate to anxiety and depression in patients with traumatic brain injury and psychogenic nonepileptic seizures.
Brain responses to facial attractiveness induced by facial proportions: evidence from an fMRI study
Analysis of correlation between white matter changes and functional responses in thalamic stroke: a DTI & EEG study.
Testosterone and the Amygdala’s Functional Connectivity in Women and Men
Neural processes for live pro-social dialogue between dyads with socioeconomic disparity
Lower regional gray matter volume in the absence of higher cortical amyloid burden in late-life depression
Effects of gonadal steroids on reward circuitry function and anhedonia in women with a history of postpartum depression.
Functional Connectivity Within the Gustatory Network Is Altered by Fat Content and Oral Fat Sensitivity – A Pilot Study
Brain response to food brands correlates with increased intake from branded meals in children: an fMRI study.
Neural underpinnings of morality judgment and moral aesthetic judgment
Action in Perception: Prominent Visuo-Motor Functional Symmetry in Musicians during Music Listening
Regional brain activation supporting cognitive control in the context of reward is associated with treated adolescents’ marijuana problem severity at follow-up: A preliminary study
Differential Effects of Single-Dose Escitalopram on Cognitive and Affective Interference during Stroop Task
Deficits during Voluntary Selection in Adult Patients with ADHD: New Insights from Single-Trial Coupling of Simultaneous EEG/fMRI
Emotion Regulation of Hippocampus Using Real-Time fMRI Neurofeedback in Healthy Human
Differences in Olivo-Cerebellar Circuit and Cerebellar Network Connectivity in Essential Tremor: a Resting State fMRI Study
Cortical and Subcortical Neural Correlates for Respiratory Sensation in Response to Transient Inspiratory Occlusions in Humans
Transcutaneous auricular vagus nerve stimulation at 1 Hz modulates locus coeruleus activity and resting state functional connectivity in patients with migraine: An fMRI study
White matter abnormalities in misophonia
Hippocampal-cortical contributions to strategic exploration during perceptual discrimination.
Effects of the dopamine transporter gene on neuroimaging findings in different attention deficit hyperactivity disorder presentations.
Cognitive-behavioral therapy effects on alerting network activity and effective connectivity in panic disorder.
Intrinsic functional connectivity in late-life depression: trajectories over the course of pharmacotherapy in remitters and non-remitters
Right‐hemispheric language reorganization in patients with brain arteriovenous malformations: A functional magnetic resonance imaging study
"Disorder-specific grey matter deficits in attention deficit hyperactivity
disorder relative to autism spectrum disorder"
Identification of suicidality in patients with major depressive disorder via dynamic functional network connectivity signatures and machine learning
Multimodal neuroimaging evidence for looser lexico-semantic networks in schizophrenia:Evidence from masked indirect semantic priming.
Disrupted Spontaneous Neural Activity Related to Cognitive Impairment in Postpartum Women
Decoding the microstructural properties of white matter using realistic models.
Transcranial DC stimulation modifies functional connectivity of large‐scale brain networks in abstinent methamphetamine users
fNIRS‐based evaluation of the impact of SARS‐CoV‐2 infection central auditory processing
Visual expertise modulates baseline brain activity: a preliminary resting-state fMRI study using expertise model of radiologists
Structural Changes on MRI Demonstrate Specific Cerebellar Involvement in SLE Patients—A VBM Study
Alterations in brain connectivity patterns in schizophrenia patients with auditory verbal hallucinations during low frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation.
Structural and Functional MRI Evidence for Distinct Medial Temporal and Prefrontal Roles in Context-dependent Relational Memory.
"Cognition, body, and mind: A three‐in‐one coordinate‐based fMRI meta‐analysis on cognitive, physical, and meditative trainings"
Thalamic Cortical Error-Related Responses in Adult Social Drinkers: Sex Differences and Problem Alcohol Use.
Peripheral Innate Immune Activation Correlates With Disease Severity in GRN Haploinsufficiency
Cerebellar and premotor activity during a non-fatiguing grip task reflects motor fatigue in relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis
Examining neural correlates of skill acquisition in a complex videogame training program
Effects of cortisol administration on heart rate variability and functional connectivity across women with different depression histories.
Temporal dynamics alterations of spontaneous neuronal activity in anterior cingulate cortex predict suicidal risk in bipolar II patients.
Disrupted neural activity patterns to novelty and effort in young adult APOE‐e4 carriers performing a subsequent memory task
When fixing problems kills personal development: fMRI reveals conflict between Real and Ideal selves
Patterns of frontoparietal activation as a marker for unsuccessful visuospatial processing in healthy aging.
Preparing for the Worst: Evidence that Older Adults Proactively Downregulate Negative Affect.
Using a Data-Driven Approach to Estimate Second-Language Proficiency From Brain Activation: A Functional Near-Infrared Spectroscopy Study
Predictive processing increases intelligibility of acoustically distorted speech: Behavioral and neural correlates
Aberrant Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuations in Different Frequency Bands in Patients With Parkinson’s Disease
Abnormal medial prefrontal cortex activity in heavy cannabis users during conscious emotional evaluation.
Representation of semantic typicality in brain activation in healthy adults and individuals with aphasia: A multi-voxel pattern analysis.
Brain Activity Associated With Expected Task Difficulty
"Altered Gray Matter Volume, Functional Connectivity, and Degree Centrality in Early-Onset Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus"
FDG-PET scans in patients with Kraepelinian and non-Kraepelinian schizophrenia.
White matter measures correlate with essential tremor severity—A pilot diffusion tensor imaging study
A Novel Language Paradigm for Intraoperative Language Mapping: Feasibility and Evaluation
Gray and White Matter Volumes and Cognitive Dysfunction in Drug-Naïve Newly Diagnosed Pediatric Epilepsy
Spiritual experiences are related to engagement of a ventral frontotemporal functional brain network: Implications for prevention and treatment of behavioral and substance addictions
Assessing functional impulsivity using functional near-infrared spectroscopy
Serotonergic modulation of ‘waiting impulsivity' is mediated by the impulsivity phenotype in humans
Investigating the Neural Basis of Theta Burst Stimulation to Premotor Cortex on Emotional Vocalization Perception: A Combined TMS-fMRI Study
Similar and Different Gray Matter Deficits in Schizophrenia Patients and Their Unaffected Biological Relatives
Acupuncture on GB34 activates the precentral gyrus and prefrontal cortex in Parkinson’s disease
Emotional processing and positive affect after acute exercise in healthy older adults.
Using functional connectivity changes associated with cognitive fatigue to delineate a fatigue network
A Metabolic Obesity Profile Is Associated With Decreased Gray Matter Volume in Cognitively Healthy Older Adults
Altered Neurovascular Coupling in Unilateral Pulsatile Tinnitus
Meta-analytic activation maps can help identify affective processes captured by contrast-based task fMRI: the case of threat-related facial expressions
Changes in neural activity during the combining affect labeling and reappraisal.
Weaker Connectivity of the Cortical Networks Is Linked with the Uncharacteristic Gait in Youth with Cerebral Palsy
Default mode network connectivity change corresponds to ketamine's delayed glutamatergic effects.
Distinct Methylphenidate-Evoked Response Measured Using Functional Near-Infrared Spectroscopy During Go/No-Go Task as a Supporting Differential Diagnostic Tool Between Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder and Autism Spectrum Disorder Comorbid Children
Neural correlates of cognitive control deficits in children with reading disorder.
Spatiotemporal Dynamics of Multiple Memory Systems During Category Learning
Longitudinal Cerebral Perfusion Change in Transient Global Amnesia Related to Left Posterior Medial Network Disruption
Emergency Braking Evoked Brain Activities during Distracted Driving
Estimates of locus coeruleus function with functional magnetic resonance imaging are influenced by localization approaches and the use of multi-echo data
Audiovisual structural connectivity in musicians and non-musicians: a cortical thickness and diffusion tensor imaging study
Attentional deployment impacts neural response to regret
Preoperative plasticity in the functional naming network of patients with left insular gliomas
Multiple bouts of high-intensity interval exercise reverse age-related functional connectivity disruptions without affecting motor learning in older adults
Cognitive impact of genetic variation of the serotonin transporter in primates is associated with differences in brain morphology rather than serotonin neurotransmission
Cooperative and Competitive Contextual Effects on Social Cognitive and Empathic Neural Responses
"Growing in generosity? The effects of giving magnitude, target, and audience on the neural signature of giving in adolescence☆"
Altered spontaneous brain activity in patients with diabetic optic neuropathy: A resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study using regional homogeneity
Brain structural abnormalities and trait impulsivity in suicidal and non-suicidal patients with bipolar disorder.
Amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation after a single-trigger pain in patients with classical trigeminal neuralgia
Cerebral oscillatory activity during simulated driving using MEG
The impact of iron deposition on the fear circuit of the brain in patients with Parkinson’s disease and anxiety
Low Message Sensation Health Promotion Videos Are Better Remembered and Activate Areas of the Brain Associated with Memory Encoding
Proximal vocal threat recruits the right voice-sensitive auditory cortex.
The Influence of Cerebrospinal Fluid Abnormalities and APOE 4 on PHF-Tau Protein: Evidence From Voxel Analysis and Graph Theory
Neural traces of stress: cortisol related sustained enhancement of amygdala-hippocampal functional connectivity
A Neuroanatomical Basis for the Frequency of Discrete Spontaneous Activities in Schizophrenia
Characteristics of brain functional and structural connectivity in alexithymic students
Reduced volume of the left cerebellar lobule VIIb and its increased connectivity within the cerebellum predict more general psychopathology one year later via worse cognitive flexibility in children
Decreased Functional Connectivity in the Reward Network and Its Relationship With Negative Emotional Experience After Total Sleep Deprivation
Altered neural correlates of episodic memory in adolescents with severe obesity
"Older adults preserve audiovisual integration through enhanced cortical activations, not by recruiting new regions"
Not so bad: avoidance and aversive discounting modulate threat appraisal in anterior cingulate and medial prefrontal cortex
Intonation guides sentence processing in the left inferior frontal gyrus.
Pattern similarity and connectivity of hippocampal-neocortical regions support empathy for pain
Neural substrates for sharing intention in action during face-to-face imitation.
Fate of the second task in dual-task interference is associated with sensory system interactions with default-mode network.
Gray Matter Volume Changes in the Apathetic Elderly
Male‐to‐female gender dysphoria: Gender‐specific differences in resting‐state networks
Abnormal Large-Scale Network Activation Present in Bipolar Mania and Bipolar Depression Under Resting State
Linking Impulsivity to Activity Levels in Pre-Supplementary Motor Area during Sequential Gambling
Neural correlates of anxiety under interrogation in guilt or innocence contexts
Medial Prefrontal Cortex Activity to Reward Outcome Moderates the Association Between Victimization Due to Sexual Orientation and Depression in Youth.
Real-time changes in brain activity during tibial nerve stimulation for overactive bladder: Evidence from functional near-infrared spectroscopy hype scanning
Modeling the Impact of Lesions in the Human Brain
Neural correlates of moral judgments in first- and third-person perspectives: implications for neuroethics and beyond
"Investigation of baseline attention, executive control, and performance variability in female varsity athletes."
The neural mechanisms of identifiable victim effect in prosocial decision‐making
Evaluation of altered brain activity in type 2 diabetes using various indices of brain function: A resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Modafinil-Induced Changes in Functional Connectivity in the Cortex and Cerebellum of Healthy Elderly Subjects
Changes in Resting-State Functional Connectivity of the Hippocampus Following Cognitive Effort Predict Memory Decline at Older Age—A Longitudinal fMRI Study
Sleep deprivation attenuates neural responses to outcomes from risky decision-making.
Neural activation during emotional interference corresponds to emotion dysregulation in stressed teachers
Botulinum toxin injection changes resting state cerebellar connectivity in cervical dystonia
Dopamine receptor density and white mater integrity: F-fallypride positron emission tomography and diffusion tensor imaging study in healthy and schizophrenia subjects.
Transitioning from childhood into adolescence: A comprehensive longitudinal behavioral and neuroimaging study on prosocial behavior and social inclusion.
Consolidation in older adults depends upon competition between resting-state networks
Trait self-consciousness predicts amygdala activation and its functional brain connectivity during emotional suppression: an fMRI analysis
"Hippocampal activity is associated with self-descriptiveness effect in memory, whereas self-reference effect in memory depends on medial prefrontal activity."
Feasibility of Contrasting Brain Connectivity Patterns in Cognitive and Motor Cerebral Networks to Clinical Outcomes in Patients Surviving Acute Respiratory Failure: A Pilot Study
Mild behavioral impairment linked to progression to Alzheimer’s disease and cortical thinning in amnestic mild cognitive impairment
Cortical Regions Encoding Hardness Perception Modulated by Visual Information Identified by Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging With Multivoxel Pattern Analysis
The Neural Correlates of Optimistic and Depressive Tendencies of Self-Evaluations and Resting-State Default Mode Network
Intrinsic Functional Plasticity of the Thalamocortical System in Minimally Disabled Patients with Relapsing-Remitting Multiple Sclerosis
Combining Concepts Across Categorical Domains: A Linking Role of the Precuneus
Functional neuroimaging of the interference between working memory and the control of periodic ankle movement timing
A novel functional brain imaging endophenotype of autism: the neural response to facial expression of emotion
Neurocan genome-wide psychiatric risk variant affects explicit memory performance and hippocampal function in healthy humans.
Neural correlates of saccadic inhibition in healthy elderly and patients with amnestic mild cognitive impairment
Functionally distinct contributions of parietal cortex to a numerical landmark task: An fMRI study.
Exercise Intensity and Brain Plasticity: What’s the Difference of Brain Structural and Functional Plasticity Characteristics Between Elite Aerobic and Anaerobic Athletes?
Incidental physical pain reduces brain activities associated with affective social feedback and increases aggression
Role of fusiform and anterior temporal cortical areas in facial recognition.
Neural correlates of eye contact and social function in autism spectrum disorder
"A comparison study of metabolic profiles, immunity, and brain gray matter volumes between patients with bipolar disorder and depressive disorder"
Canonical EEG microstates transitions reflect switching among BOLD resting state networks and predict fMRI signal
Effects of escitalopram therapy on effective connectivity among core brain networks in major depressive disorder.
Culture Modulates the Neural Correlates Underlying Risky Exploration
Early warning for human mental sub-health based on fMRI data analysis: an example from a seafarers' resting-data study
Sex-Based Differences in Cortical and Subcortical Development in 436 Individuals Aged 4-54 Years.
Impact of videogame play on the brain's microstructural properties: cross-sectional and longitudinal analyses
Atopic myelitis with focal amyotrophy: a possible link to Hopkins syndrome.
Brain Response to a Knee Proprioception Task Among Persons With Anterior Cruciate Ligament Reconstruction and Controls
The role of anterior and posterior insula in male genital response and in visual attention: an exploratory multimodal fMRI study
Sex dimorphic cortical brain volumes associated with antisocial behavior in young adults
Neuroticism and Individual Differences in Neural Function in Unmedicated Major Depression: Findings from the EMBARC Study.
Simultaneous EEG-fMRI reveals theta network alterations during reward feedback processing in borderline personality disorder
Neural correlates of visuomotor adjustments during scaling of human finger movements.
Semantic Grounding of Novel Spoken Words in the Primary Visual Cortex
The neural development of prosocial behavior from childhood to adolescence
Topographic patterns of white matter hyperintensities are associated with multimodal neuroimaging biomarkers of Alzheimer’s disease
Sniffing out meaning: Chemosensory and semantic neural network changes in sommeliers
Regional gray matter volumetric changes in autism associated with social and repetitive behavior symptoms
Imaging visuospatial memory in temporal lobe epilepsy—Results of an fMRI study
Regional metabolic and network changes in Meige syndrome
The impact of wearing a KN95 face mask on human brain function: evidence from resting state functional magnetic resonance imaging
Attention to somatosensory events is directly linked to the preparation for action.
"Emotion Processing, Reappraisal, and Craving in Alcohol Dependence: A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study"
Cortical brain atrophy and intra-individual variability in neuropsychological test performance in HIV disease.
Antero-Posterior vs. Lateral Vestibular Input Processing in Human Visual Cortex
Brain-based Classification of Negative Social Bias in Adolescents With Nonsuicidal Self-injury: Findings From Simulated Online Social Interaction
Enhanced putamen functional connectivity underlies altered risky decision-making in age-related cognitive decline
Language and reading skills in school-aged children and adolescents born preterm are associated with white matter properties on diffusion tensor imaging.
Neural Correlates of Reward Processing in Typical and Atypical Development
Slow Down: Behavioural and Physiological Effects of Reducing Eating Rate
Changes in Effective Connectivity by Propofol Sedation
Functional Connectivity Density with Frequency-Dependent Changes in Patients with Diffuse Axonal Injury: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
The relationship between drop vertical jump action‐observation brain activity and kinesiophobia after anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction: A cross‐sectional fMRI study
Mindfulness meditation modulates stress-eating and its neural correlates
Lesion-symptom mapping of language impairments in patients suffering from left perisylvian gliomas.
Neural Correlates of Naturally Occurring Speech Errors during Picture Naming in Healthy Participants.
Cerebral blood flow in acute concussion: preliminary ASL findings from the NCAA-DoD CARE consortium.
Long-Time Exposure to Violent Video Games Does Not Show Desensitization on Empathy for Pain: An fMRI Study
Posttraumatic Stress Disorder is associated with altered reward mechanisms during the anticipation and the outcome of monetary incentive cues
"Altered sense of agency in Gilles de la Tourette syndrome: behavioural, clinical and functional magnetic resonance imaging findings"
Preliminary findings on long‐term effects of fMRI neurofeedback training on functional networks involved in sustained attention
Increased functional connectivity in the right dorsal auditory stream after a full year of piano training in healthy older adults
Alterations in regional homogeneity and functional connectivity in the cerebellum of patients with sporadic amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Cerebellar Contribution to Pattern Separation of Human Hippocampal Memory Circuits
Aberrant Cerebello-Thalamo-Cortical Functional and Effective Connectivity in First-Episode Schizophrenia With Auditory Verbal Hallucinations.
The neural basis of the imitation drive
Direct neural evidence for the contrastive roles of the complementary learning systems in adult acquisition of native vocabulary
Deformation-based brain morphometry in rats.
The impact of familial risk and early life adversity on emotion and reward processing networks in youth at-risk for bipolar disorder
Attentional salience and the neural substrates of response inhibition in borderline personality disorder
Altered Cortical-Striatal Network in Patients With Hemifacial Spasm
Amygdala Circuitry During Neurofeedback Training and Symptoms’ Change in Adolescents With Varying Depression
Assessing gray matter volume in patients with idiopathic rapid eye movement sleep behavior disorder
Altered functional connectivity between primary motor cortex subregions and the whole brain in patients with incomplete cervical spinal cord injury
Resting state auditory-language cortex connectivity is associated with hallucinations in clinical and biological subtypes of psychotic disorders
Structural Changes Induced by Acupuncture in the Recovering Brain after Ischemic Stroke
Shared and Unique Effects of Long-Term Administration of Methylphenidate and Atomoxetine on Degree Centrality in Medication-Naïve Children With Attention-Deficit/Hyperactive Disorder
Anatomical and functional brain abnormalities in unmedicated major depressive disorder
Altered regional activity and inter-regional functional connectivity in psychogenic non-epileptic seizures
Associative Memory Impairments Are Associated With Functional Alterations Within the Memory Network in Schizophrenia Patients and Their Unaffected First-Degree Relatives: An fMRI Study
Nonspecific Effect of Stress on Brain Gray Matter Volume in Drug-naive Female Patients with First Depressive Episode
Feeling left out: depressed adolescents may atypically recruit emotional salience and regulation networks during social exclusion
Brain spontaneous fluctuations in sensorimotor regions were directly related to eyes open and eyes closed: evidences from a machine learning approach
Functional connectivity of the amygdala and the antidepressant and antisuicidal effects of repeated ketamine infusions in major depressive disorder
Intact Ventral Striatal Prediction Error Signaling in Medicated Schizophrenia Patients.
"A comes before B, like 1 comes before 2. Is the parietal cortex sensitive to ordinal relationships in both numbers and letters? An fMRI‐adaptation study"
Altered fear processing in adolescents with a history of severe childhood maltreatment: an fMRI study
Primary somatosensory cortex and periaqueductal gray functional connectivity as a marker of the dysfunction of the descending pain modulatory system in fibromyalgia
Delusions of alien control in the normal brain.
The impact of child abuse on the neurobiology of self-processing in depressed adolescents
"Age-Modulated Associations between KIBRA, Brain Volume, and Verbal Memory among Healthy Older Adults"
Effect of Exoskeleton-Assisted Rehabilitation Over Prefrontal Cortex in Multiple Sclerosis Patients: A Neuroimaging Pilot Study
Sex Differences in the Amygdala Resting-State Connectome of Children With Autism Spectrum Disorder.
Relation of resting brain signal variability to cognitive and socioemotional measures in an adult lifespan sample
Effects of Motor Imagery and Visual Neurofeedback on Activation in the Swallowing Network: A Real-Time fMRI Study
An fMRI Study of Audiovisual Speech Perception Reveals Multisensory Interactions in Auditory Cortex
Dysfunction between dorsal caudate and salience network associated with impaired cognitive flexibility in obsessive-compulsive disorder: A resting-state fMRI study
Functional connectivity changes in the entorhinal cortex of taxi drivers
General and feature-based semantic representations in the semantic network
Brain Network Response to Acupuncture Stimuli in Experimental Acute Low Back Pain: An fMRI Study
Choosing to regulate: does choice enhance craving regulation?
Single-Dimensional Human Brain Signals for Two-Dimensional Economic Choice Options
"Optimizing health service location in a highly urbanized city: Multi criteria decision making and P-Median problem models for public hospitals in Jeddah City, KSA"
Organisational and neuromodulatory underpinnings of structural-functional connectivity decoupling in patients with Parkinson’s disease
Action goals and the praxis network: an fMRI study
Disruption of the structural and functional connectivity of the frontoparietal network underlies symptomatic anxiety in late-life depression
White matter alterations in first episode treatment-naïve patients with deficit schizophrenia: a combined VBM and DTI study
A novel fMRI paradigm to dissociate the behavioral and neural components of mixed-strategy decision making from non-strategic decisions in humans.
Dynamic Alterations of Spontaneous Neural Activity in Parkinson's Disease: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Functional Connectivity of the Striatum in Schizophrenia and Psychotic Bipolar Disorder.
Altered Long- and Short-Range Functional Connectivity Density in Patients With Thyroid-Associated Ophthalmopathy: A Resting-State fMRI Study
"Auditory lexical decision, categorical perception, and FM direction discrimination differentially engage left and right auditory cortex."
To respond or not to respond: exploring empathy-related psychological and structural brain differences between placebo analgesia responders and non-responders
Altered Cortical Cholinergic Network in Parkinson’s Disease at Different Stage: A Resting-State fMRI Study
fMRI form adaptation and size repetition enhancement in different subdivisions of the lateral occipital complex.
Impairment of the visuospatial working memory in the patients with Parkinson’s Disease: an fMRI study
Altered Functional Connectivity Strength at Rest in Medication-Free Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder
Poorly controlled cholesterol is associated with cognitive impairment in T2DM: a resting-state fMRI study
Gender Identification of Human Cortical 3-D Morphology Using Hierarchical Sparsity
Protecting the self: the effect of social-evaluative threat on neural representations of self.
Depression core network-based individualized targeting for transcranial magnetic stimulation
Increased resting state connectivity between ipsilesional motor cortex and contralesional premotor cortex after transcranial direct current stimulation with physical therapy
Transcutaneous auricular vagus nerve immediate stimulation treatment for treatment-resistant depression: A functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Contact heat evoked potentials using simultaneous EEG and fMRI and their correlation with evoked pain
Functional Neuroanatomy of Vertical Visual Perception in Humans
Does Area V3A Predict Positions of Moving Objects?
Common and specific altered amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations in Parkinson's disease patients with and without freezing of gait in different frequency bands.
Glucose metabolism in the right middle temporal gyrus could be a potential biomarker for subjective cognitive decline: a study of a Han population
Reduction in neural activation to high-calorie food cues in obese endometrial cancer survivors after a behavioral lifestyle intervention: a pilot study
Sex differences in the effects of trait anxiety and age on resting-state functional connectivities of the amygdala
Instantaneous neural processing of communicative functions conveyed by speech prosody
Efficacy of Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation Over Dorsolateral Prefrontal Cortex in Patients With Minimally Conscious State
Paper Notebooks vs. Mobile Devices: Brain Activation Differences During Memory Retrieval
Differences in gray matter structure correlated to nationalism and patriotism
Dissociation of neural correlates of verbal and non-verbal visual working memory with different delays
CACNA1C risk variant affects microstructural connectivity of the amygdala
"Culture, prefrontal volume, and memory"
Abnormal cerebellum connectivity patterns related to motor subtypes of Parkinson’s disease
Temporal Dynamics of Diffusion Metrics in Early Multiple Sclerosis and Clinically Isolated Syndrome: A 2-Year Follow-Up Tract-Based Spatial Statistics Study
Individual differences in the neural signature of subjective value among older adults.
Alterations in white matter volume and integrity in obesity and type 2 diabetes
Large-scale brain networks underlying non-spatial attention updating: Towards understanding the function of the temporoparietal junction.
The frontoparietal multiple demand network interacts with the dual pathways in auditory working memory.
Brain FDG-PET findings in glutamic acid decarboxylase antibody-associated epilepsy.
Excessive left anterior hippocampal and caudate activation in schizophrenia underlie cognitive underperformance in a virtual navigation task.
Aberrant functional connectivity in insular subregions in somatic depression: a resting-state fMRI study
Intracranial-EEG evidence for medial temporal pole driving amygdala activity induced by multi-modal emotional stimuli.
The Enhanced Interhemispheric Functional Connectivity in the Striatum Is Related to the Cognitive Impairment in Individuals With White Matter Hyperintensities
Voxel-based morphometry results in first-episode schizophrenia: a comparison of publicly available software packages.
Aberrant spontaneous static and dynamic amplitude of low‐frequency fluctuations in cerebral small vessel disease with or without mild cognitive impairment
DTI-MR tractography of white matter damage in stroke patients with neglect.
Convergence of fMRI and ERP measures of emotional face processing in combat-exposed U. S. military veterans.
Resting State BOLD Variability of the Posterior Medial Temporal Lobe Correlates with Cognitive Performance in Older Adults with and without Risk for Cognitive Decline
Widespread sensorimotor and frontal cortical atrophy in Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
Effects of pseudoexperience on the understanding of hemiplegic movements in physical therapists: An fMRI study
Dark triad personality traits are associated with decreased grey matter volumes in ‘social brain’ structures
Methylphenidate during early consolidation affects long-term associative memory retrieval depending on baseline catecholamines
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation modulates cortical-subcortical connectivity in sensorimotor network.
Cortical Brain Regions Associated with Color Processing: An FMRi Study
Environmental influences on neural systems of relational complexity
Structural Modifications of the Brain in Acclimatization to High-Altitude
Causal connectivity alterations of cortical-subcortical circuit anchored on reduced hemodynamic response brain regions in first-episode drug-naïve major depressive disorder
Altered White Matter Microstructures in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A Coordinate‐Based Meta‐Analysis of Diffusion Tensor Imaging Studies
Altered Local Brain Amplitude of Fluctuations in Patients With Myotonic Dystrophy Type 1
Compensatory thalamocortical functional hyperconnectivity in type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Hippocampal Dysconnectivity and Altered Glutamatergic Modulation of the Default Mode Network: A Combined Resting-State Connectivity and Magnetic Resonance Spectroscopy Study in Schizophrenia.
Neural correlates of cognitive bias modification for interpretation
Neural Processing of Odors with Different Well-Being Associations—Findings from Two Consecutive Neuroimaging Studies
Dopamine Transporters in Striatum Correlate with Deactivation in the Default Mode Network during Visuospatial Attention
Correlates of neural adaptation to food cues and taste: the role of obesity risk factors
Changes in the regional homogeneity of resting-state magnetic resonance imaging in perimenopausal women
Resting-State Connectivity of the Sustained Attention Network Correlates with Disease Duration in Idiopathic Generalized Epilepsy
Why do mothers never stop grieving for their deceased children? Enduring alterations of brain connectivity and function
A microstructural neural network biomarker for dystonia diagnosis identified by a DystoniaNet deep learning platform
Altered Intra- and Inter-Network Functional Connectivity in Patients With Crohn’s Disease: An Independent Component Analysis-Based Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
The longitudinal trajectory of emotion regulation and associated neural activity in patients with bipolar disorder: A prospective fMRI study
Neural activation to loss and reward among alcohol naive adolescents who later initiate alcohol use
Aberrant Resting-State Functional Connectivity Density in Patients with Hepatitis B Virus-Related Cirrhosis
Brainstem Correlates of a Cold Pressor Test Measured by Ultra-High Field fMRI
Transdiagnostic trauma severity in anxiety and mood disorders: Functional brain activity during emotional scene processing.
Emergence of the neural network underlying phonological processing from the prereading to the emergent reading stage: A longitudinal study.
Neural Correlates of Gender Face Perception in Transgender People
Remote cortical atrophy and language outcomes after chronic left subcortical stroke with aphasia
"Acupuncture Decreases Blood Pressure Related to Hypothalamus Functional Connectivity with Frontal Lobe, Cerebellum, and Insula: A Study of Instantaneous and Short-Term Acupuncture Treatment in Essential Hypertension"
Differential Associations Between Volumes of Atrophic Cortical Brain Regions and Memory Performances in Early and Late Mild Cognitive Impairment
"Double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled study to evaluate erenumab-specific central effects: an fMRI study"
Amplitude of Low-Frequency Oscillations in Major Depressive Disorder With Childhood Trauma
Neuroplasticity Following Stroke from a Functional Laterality Perspective: A fNIRS Study.
Fear extinction learning and anandamide: an fMRI study in healthy humans
Multivariate Patterns of Posterior Cortical Activity Differentiate Forms of Emotional Distancing.
Contribution of Gray and White Matter Abnormalities to Cognitive Impairment in Multiple Sclerosis
Sex modifies APOE ε4 dose effect on brain tau deposition in cognitively impaired individuals
Executive task-based brain function in children with type 1 diabetes: An observational study
Conflicting group memberships modulate neural activation in an emotional production-perception network.
Alternation in Effective Connectivity With Cognitive Aging: A Longitudinal Study of Elderly Populations
Effects of tumor necrosis factor-α polymorphism on the brain structural changes of the patients with major depressive disorder
Increased ventral striatal functional connectivity in patients with schizophrenia during reward anticipation
Functional MRI of Native and Non-native Speech Sound Production in Sequential German-English Bilinguals
Amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations on Alzheimer’s disease with depression: evidence from resting-state fMRI
Altered Fractional Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuation in Anxious Parkinson’s Disease
Atomoxetine Treatment Strengthens an Anti-Correlated Relationship between Functional Brain Networks in Medication-Naïve Adults with Attention-Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder: A Randomized Double-Blind Placebo-Controlled Clinical Trial
Neurodevelopmental changes in the relationship between stress perception and prefrontal-amygdala functional circuitry
Higher Social Rejection Sensitivity in Opioid-Dependent Patients Is Related to Smaller Insula Gray Matter Volume: A Voxel-Based Morphometric Study
Functional MRI study of language organization in left-handed and right-handed trilingual subjects
Mediating effect of amygdala activity on response to fear vs. happiness in youth with significant levels of irritability and disruptive mood and behavior disorders
Multiple genetic imaging study of the association between cholesterol metabolism and brain functional alterations in individuals with risk factors for Alzheimer's disease
Machine learning and dyslexia: Classification of individual structural neuro-imaging scans of students with and without dyslexia
Neurocognitive basis of deductive reasoning in children varies with parental education
Resting State Connectivity Between Medial Temporal Lobe Regions and Intrinsic Cortical Networks Predicts Performance in a Path Integration Task
"The Threatful Self: Midbrain Functional Connectivity to Cortical
Midline and Parietal Regions During Subliminal Trauma-Related Processing in
PTSD"
Inter-hemispheric connectivity in the fusiform gyrus supports memory consolidation for faces.
PET Hypometabolism of the Prefrontal-Cingulate Cortices in Internet Gaming Disorder
Role of emotional processing in depressive responses to sex-hormone manipulation: a pharmacological fMRI study
The benefits of negative yet informative feedback
Aberrant structural and functional alterations in postpartum depression: a combined voxel-based morphometry and resting-state functional connectivity study
A pioneering FreeSurfer volumetric study of a series of patients with mesial temporal lobe epilepsy and hippocampal sclerosis with comorbid depression.
Neural mechanisms of persistent avoidance in OCD: A novel avoidance devaluation study
Decomposition of Reinforcement Learning Deficits in Disordered Gambling via Drift Diffusion Modeling and Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging
Overcoming Rest-Task Divide-Abnormal Temporospatial Dynamics and Its Cognition in Schizophrenia.
Are you laughing at me? Neural correlates of social intent attribution to auditory and visual laughter
Brain activity during a post-stress working memory task differs between the hormone-present and hormone-absent phase of hormonal contraception
Decoding moral emotions in obsessive-compulsive disorder
Relationship of Resting Brain Hyperconnectivity and Schizophrenia-like Symptoms Produced by the NMDA receptor Antagonist Ketamine in Humans
Interracial contact differentially shapes brain networks involved in social and non-social judgments from faces: a combination of univariate and multivariate approaches
The sex differences in anhedonia in major depressive disorder: A resting-state fMRI study.
Alpha desynchronization and fronto­parietal connectivity during spatial working memory encoding deficits in ADHD: A simultaneous EEG­fMRI study
Abnormal functional neurocircuitry underpinning emotional processing in fibromyalgia
Age-related vulnerability in the neural systems supporting semantic processing
Convergent Neural Correlates of Empathy and Anxiety During Socioemotional Processing
"No Risk, No Differences. Neural Correlates of Temperamental Traits Revealed Using Naturalistic fMRI Method"
Imaging and clinical predictors of acute constipation in patients with acute ischemic stroke
Less is more: neural mechanisms underlying anomia treatment in chronic aphasic patients
FAAH polymorphism (rs324420) modulates extinction recall in healthy humans: an fMRI study
Static magnetic field stimulation over motor cortex modulates resting functional connectivity in humans
Assessing the Relationship between Neurocognitive Performance and Brain Volume in Chronic Moderate–Severe Traumatic Brain Injury
Multivariate pattern classification of gray matter pathology in multiple sclerosis.
Training allows switching from limited-capacity manipulations to large-capacity perceptual processing
Neuroimaging the emotional modulation of urge inhibition in Tourette Syndrome.
Neural Substrates of Food Valuation and Its Relationship With BMI and Healthy Eating in Higher BMI Individuals
Brain mechanisms for processing caress-like touch in skin-picking disorder
Expert Programmers Have Fine-Tuned Cortical Representations of Source Code
Functional decoding and meta-analytic connectivity modeling in thyroid-associated ophthalmopathy
Activation of brainstem and midbrain nuclei during cognitive control in medicated patients with schizophrenia.
Brain networks mediating the influence of background music on selective attention
How Memory Switches Brain Responses of Patients with Post-traumatic Stress Disorder
Cerebellar involvement in olfaction: An fMRI Study.
Brain activation patterns during measurement of sub- and supra-second intervals.
Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuation to Determine Disturbed Spontaneous Brain-Activity Pattern in Patients with Diabetic Optic Neuropathy
Altered Brain Functional Connectivity in Female Athletes Over the Course of a Season of Collision or Contact Sports
Acute tryptophan loading decreases functional connectivity between the default mode network and emotion-related brain regions.
Morphological and functional variability in central and subcentral motor cortex of the human brain
Anterograde and retrograde amnesia in a person with bilateral fornix lesions following removal of a colloid cyst.
Double inversion recovery imaging improves the evaluation of gray matter volume losses in patients with Alzheimer's disease and mild cognitive impairment.
A diffusion-weighted imaging tract-based spatial statistics study of autism spectrum disorder in preschool-aged children
"Stomach contents of long-finned pilot whales, Globicephala melas mass-stranded in Tasmania"
Real-Time fMRI Neurofeedback Training Changes Brain Degree Centrality and Improves Sleep in Chronic Insomnia Disorder: A Resting-State fMRI Study
The rewarding nature of provocation-focused rumination in women with borderline personality disorder: a preliminary fMRI investigation
Altered intrinsic regional brain spontaneous activity in patients with comitant strabismus: a resting-state functional MRI study
Structural brain alterations in primary open angle glaucoma: a 3T MRI study
The role of cognitive reappraisal in placebo analgesia: an fMRI study
fMRI Neurofeedback-Enhanced Cognitive Reappraisal Training in Depression: A Double-Blind Comparison of Left and Right vlPFC Regulation
Dissociable Somatotopic Representations of Chinese Action Verbs in the Motor and Premotor Cortex
Neural Correlates of Switching Attentional Focus during Finger Movements: An fMRI Study
Differing Spontaneous Brain Activity in Healthy Adults with Two Different Body Constitutions: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Effect of deep brain stimulation on brain network and white matter integrity in Parkinson's disease
"Prefrontal Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation for Treatment of Schizophrenia With Predominant Negative Symptoms: A Double-Blind, Sham-Controlled Proof-of-Concept Study."
Training volitional control of the theory of mind network with real-time fMRI neurofeedback.
Hyperdeactivation of the Default Mode Network in People With Schizophrenia When Focusing Attention in Space.
Abnormal functional connectivity of the salience network in insomnia.
Personality Traits Induce Different Brain Patterns When Processing Social and Valence Information
Aberrant Brain Regional Homogeneity and Functional Connectivity of Entorhinal Cortex in Vascular Mild Cognitive Impairment: A Resting-State Functional MRI Study
Exploring the neural mechanisms underlying achalasia: A study of functional connectivity and regional brain activity.
Gait-Related Brain Activation During Motor Imagery of Complex and Simple Ambulation in Parkinson's Disease With Freezing of Gait
The subcortical and neurochemical organization of the ventral and dorsal attention networks
ADHD and cannabis use in young adults examined using fMRI of a Go/NoGo task.
Symptomatic generalized epilepsy after HHV6 posttransplant acute limbic encephalitis in children.
Taste Perception and Caffeine Consumption: An fMRI Study
Decreased Fronto-Temporal Interaction during Fixation after Memory Retrieval
Extraversion Is Linked to Volume of the Orbitofrontal Cortex and Amygdala
A Study of the Relationship Between Uric Acid and Substantia Nigra Brain Connectivity in Patients With REM Sleep Behavior Disorder and Parkinson's Disease
Association of painful human immunodeficiency virus distal sensory polyneuropathy with aberrant expectation of pain relief: functional magnetic resonance imaging evidence
Dysregulation of oxytocin and dopamine in the corticostriatal circuitry in bipolar II disorder
Negatively Linking Connector Networks in Cognitive Control of Affective Pictures
Alcohol expectancies mediate the association between the neural response to emotional words and alcohol consumption.
Expectation of sexual images of adults and children elicits differential dorsal anterior cingulate cortex activation in pedophilic sexual offenders and healthy controls
Neural efficiency as a function of task demands☆
Structural neuroimaging of social cognition in progressive non-fluent aphasia and behavioral variant of frontotemporal dementia
Anterior Prefrontal Involvement in Implicit Contextual Change Detection
Frequency specific resting state functional abnormalities in psychosis.
Cerebral white matter structure is associated with DSM-5 schizophrenia symptom dimensions
Increased functional connectivity in intrinsic neural networks in individuals with aniridia
Alteration of Semantic Networks during Swear Words Processing in Schizophrenia
Neural impact of neighborhood socioeconomic disadvantage in traumatically injured adults
The influence of high worry on static and dynamic insular functional connectivity
Test-retest reliability of fMRI experiments during robot-assisted active and passive stepping
Subregions of the Anterior Cingulate Cortex Form Distinct Functional Connectivity Patterns in Young Males With Internet Gaming Disorder With Comorbid Depression
Interaction of Catechol‐O‐methyltransferase Val158Met polymorphism and sex influences association of parietal intrinsic functional connectivity and immediate verbal memory
Cortical Representation of Lateralized Grasping in Chimpanzees (Pan troglodytes): A Combined MRI and PET Study
Turning down the heat: Neural mechanisms of cognitive control for inhibiting task-irrelevant emotional information during adolescence.
Modulation of temporal and occipital cortex by acupuncture in non-menstrual MWoA patients: a rest BOLD fMRI study
Trait impulsivity and impaired prefrontal impulse inhibition function in adolescents with internet gaming addiction revealed by a Go/No-Go fMRI study
Voxel-wise correlations between cognition and cerebral blood flow using arterial spin-labeled perfusion MRI in patients with Alzheimer’s disease: a cross-sectional study
Neural Correlates of Knee Extension and Flexion Force Control: A Kinetically-Instrumented Neuroimaging Study
"Stomach-brain synchrony reveals a novel, delayed-connectivity resting-state network in humans"
Alterations of Regional Homogeneity in Parkinson’s Disease Patients With Freezing of Gait: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Comparison of fMRI correlates of successful episodic memory encoding in temporal lobe epilepsy patients and healthy controls
Decision-making in primary onset middle-age type 2 diabetes mellitus: a BOLD-fMRI study
Gray matter alterations in tremor-dominant Parkinson’s disease after MRgFUS thalamotomy are correlated with tremor improvement: a pilot study
A preliminary examination of how serotonergic polymorphisms influence brain response following an adolescent cannabis intervention.
Functional connectivity alteration after real-time fMRI motor imagery training through self-regulation of activities of the right premotor cortex
Changes in neuronal activation patterns in response to androgen deprivation therapy: a pilot study
Improved correspondence of fMRI visual field localizer data after cortex-based macroanatomical alignment
Learning Predictive Statistics: Strategies and Brain Mechanisms
Default network contributions to episodic and semantic processing during divergent creative thinking: A representational similarity analysis.
Dynamic abnormalities of spontaneous brain activity in women with primary dysmenorrhea
Differential effect of quetiapine and lithium on functional connectivity of the striatum in first episode mania
Decreased gray matter volume and increased white matter volume in patients with neovascular age-related macular degeneration: a voxel-based morphometry study
Damaged Insula Network Contributes to Depression in Parkinson’s Disease
Shared and Specific Intrinsic Functional Connectivity Patterns in Unmedicated Bipolar Disorder and Major Depressive Disorder
Altered Amygdala Connectivity in Individuals with Chronic Traumatic Brain Injury and Comorbid Depressive Symptoms
Altered brain activity and the effect of personality traits in excessive smartphone use during facial emotion processing
Electric field strength induced by electroconvulsive therapy is associated with clinical outcome
The Rewarding Effect of Pictures with Positive Emotional Connotation upon Perception and Processing of Pleasant Odors—An FMRI Study
Migraine monoclonal antibodies against CGRP change brain activity depending on ligand or receptor target – an fMRI study
Vortioxetine reduces BOLD signal during performance of the N-back working memory task: a randomised neuroimaging trial in remitted depressed patients and healthy controls
Disrupted Amygdala Connectivity Is Associated With Elevated Anxiety in Sensorineural Hearing Loss
Mnemonic convergence in the human hippocampus
Ventral striatal resting-state functional connectivity in adolescents is associated with earlier onset of binge drinking.
A Test for the Implementation–Maintenance Model of Reappraisal
A Paleolithic Diet with and without Combined Aerobic and Resistance Exercise Increases Functional Brain Responses and Hippocampal Volume in Subjects with Type 2 Diabetes
Rested-Baseline Responsivity of the Ventral Striatum Is Associated With Caloric and Macronutrient Intake During One Night of Sleep Deprivation
Association between eating behavior and the immediate neural activity caused by viewing food images presented in and out of awareness: A magnetoencephalography study
Enhanced Processing of Painful Emotions in Patients With Borderline Personality Disorder: A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Changes in Degree Centrality of Network Nodes in Different Frequency Bands in Parkinson’s Disease With Depression and Without Depression
Dysfunction in the Interaction of Information Between and Within the Bilateral Primary Sensory Cortex
Multi-level assessment of obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) reveals relations between neural and neurochemical levels
Regulation of action selection based on metacognition in humans via a ventral and dorsal medial prefrontal cortical network.
Neuroanatomical substrates for the volitional regulation of heart rate
The Amygdala Network for Processing Itch in Human Brains
 Psychoradiological investigations of gray matter alterations in patients with anorexia nervosa
Electrophysiological correlates of focused attention on low- and high-distressed tinnitus
"15q11.2 CNV affects cognitive, structural and functional correlates of dyslexia and dyscalculia"
Neural correlates of taste reactivity in autism spectrum disorder
Exploration of the Brain in Rest: Resting-State Functional MRI Abnormalities in Patients with Classic Galactosemia
Inefficient Involvement of Insula in Sensorineural Hearing Loss
"A spectral sampling algorithm in dynamic causal modelling for resting‐state fMRI
"
Novel Functional MRI Task for Studying the Neural Correlates of Upper Limb Tremor
Better you lose than I do: neural networks involved in winning and losing in a real time strictly competitive game
Increased brain response to appetitive tastes in the insula and amygdala in obese compared to healthy weight children when sated
Prefrontal-Temporal Pathway Mediates the Cross-Modal and Cognitive Reorganization in Sensorineural Hearing Loss With or Without Tinnitus: A Multimodal MRI Study
Naltrexone engages a brain reward network in the presence of reward-predictive distractor stimuli in males
The Cerebellar Predictions for Social Interactions: Theory of Mind Abilities in Patients With Degenerative Cerebellar Atrophy
Lateral frontal cortex volume reduction in Tourette syndrome revealed by VBM
Regional Grey Matter Structure Differences between Transsexuals and Healthy Controls—A Voxel Based Morphometry Study
Dimensional emotions are represented by distinct topographical brain networks
Investigation on the Neural Mechanism of Hypnosis-Based Respiratory Control Using Functional MRI
Distinct networks of periaqueductal gray columns in pain and threat processing.
Enhanced Attentional Network by Short-Term Intensive Meditation
Age‐related and individual variations in altered prefrontal and cerebellar connectivity associated with the tendency of developing internet addiction
Functional magnetic resonance imaging study on anxiety and depression disorders induced by chronic restraint stress in rats.
Cortico-striatal activity associated with fidget spinner use: an fMRI study
Macro and micro structures in the dorsal anterior cingulate cortex contribute to individual differences in self-monitoring.
Structural and functional cerebral bases of diminished inhibitory control during healthy aging.
"Cognitive dysfunction and cerebral volumetric deficits in individuals with Alzheimer's disease, alcohol use disorder, and dual diagnosis."
Structural and functional MRI evidence for significant contribution of precentral gyrus to flexible oculomotor control: evidence from the antisaccade task
The Modulation of Reward and Habit Systems by Acupuncture in Adolescents with Internet Addiction
Functional magnetic resonance imaging data of incremental increases in visuo-spatial difficulty in an adult lifespan sample
Dissociable contributions of frontal and temporal brain regions to basic semantic composition
Altered neural mechanism of social reward anticipation in individuals with schizophrenia and social anhedonia.
Pain- and Fatigue-Related Functional and Structural Changes in Ankylosing Spondylitis: An fRMI Study
Alterations in gray matter volume due to unilateral hearing loss
Consistent functional abnormalities in patients with postpartum depression.
Brain functional connectivity is altered in patients with Takotsubo Syndrome
Application of a Machine Learning Algorithm for Structural Brain Images in Chronic Schizophrenia to Earlier Clinical Stages of Psychosis and Autism Spectrum Disorder: A Multiprotocol Imaging Dataset Study
Aberrant central plasticity underlying synchronous sensory phenomena in brachial plexus injuries after contralateral cervical seventh nerve transfer
Combination therapy with exenatide decreases the dapagliflozin‐induced changes in brain responses to anticipation and consumption of palatable food in patients with type 2 diabetes: A randomized controlled trial
Pre-diabetes is associated with altered functional connectivity density in cortical regions of the default-mode network
Prefrontal networks dynamically related to recovery from major depressive disorder: a longitudinal pharmacological fMRI study
Common and distinct neural correlates of self-serving and prosocial dishonesty.
Brain Response to Non-Painful Mechanical Stimulus to Lumbar Spine
Oxytocin Reduces the Functional Connectivity Between Brain Regions Involved in Eating Behavior in Men with Overweight and Obesity.
Abnormal Striatal-Cortical Networks Contribute to the Attention/Executive Function Deficits in Idiopathic REM Sleep Behavior Disorder: A Resting State Functional MRI Study
Taylor-type focal cortical dysplasia in infants: some MRI lesions almost disappear with maturation of myelination.
Low-dose augmentation with buprenorphine increases emotional reactivity but not reward activity in treatment resistant mid- and late-life depression
Trauma-specific Grey Matter Alterations in PTSD
Putting out the blaze: The neural mechanisms underlying sexual inhibition
Sustained effects of pleasant and unpleasant smells on resting state brain activity.
I know that I know nothing: Cortical thickness and functional connectivity underlying meta-ignorance ability in pre-schoolers
Altered brain functional activity and connectivity in bone metastasis pain of lung cancer patients: A preliminary resting-state fMRI study
"Correlations between hippocampal functional connectivity, structural changes, and clinical data in patients with relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis: a case-control study using multimodal magnetic resonance imaging"
The impact of quality assurance assessment on diffusion tensor imaging outcomes in a large-scale population-based cohort.
"Core Network Contributions to Remembering the Past, Imagining the Future, and Thinking Creatively."
Neural Mechanisms of Choice Diversification
Aberrant activity in conceptual networks underlies N400 deficits and unusual thoughts in schizophrenia
Altered Spontaneous Brain Activity in Betel Quid Dependence Chewers: A Resting-State Functional MRI Study With Percent Amplitude of Fluctuation
Diffuse Decreased Gray Matter in Patients with Idiopathic Craniocervical Dystonia: A Voxel-Based Morphometry Study
Prospective multi-centre Voxel Based Morphometry study employing scanner specific segmentations: Procedure development using CaliBrain structural MRI data
Motor imagery training: Kinesthetic imagery strategy and inferior parietal fMRI activation.
Microstructural brain injury in post-concussion syndrome after minor head injury
Acupuncture decreases amygdala functional connectivity in subjective tinnitus
Odorant-induced brain activation as a function of normal aging and Alzheimer's disease: A preliminary study.
The Association Between Resting State Functional Connectivity and the Trait of Impulsivity and Suicidal Ideation in Young Depressed Patients With Suicide Attempts
Adult Attachment Affects Neural Response to Preference-Inferring in Ambiguous Scenarios: Evidence From an fMRI Study
Disturbance of information in superior parietal lobe during dual-task interference in a simulated driving task.
Resting-state functional connectivity and reading subskills in children.
Functional Connectivity Disturbances of the Locus Coeruleus in Chronic Insomnia Disorder
Abnormal Voxel-Wise Degree Centrality in Patients With Late-Life Depression: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
White matter neuroanatomical differences in young children who stutter.
Baseline Functional Connectivity in Resting State Networks Associated with Depression and Remission Status after 16 Weeks of Pharmacotherapy: A CAN-BIND Report.
Alterations of brain activity in patients with alcohol use disorder: a resting-state fMRI study
Individual differences in level of wisdom are associated with brain activation during a moral decision‐making task
Individual preferences modulate incentive values: Evidence from functional MRI
"Comparing the ‘When’ and the ‘Where’ of Electrocortical Activity in Patients with Tourette Syndrome, Body-Focused Repetitive Behaviors, and Obsessive Compulsive Disorder"
Music in Noise: Neural Correlates Underlying Noise Tolerance in Music-Induced Emotion
FMRI connectivity analysis of acupuncture effects on an amygdala-associated brain network
The BDNF Val66Met Polymorphism Has No Effect on Encoding-Related Hippocampal Response But Influences Recall in Remitted Patients With Bipolar Disorder
Age-Related Intrinsic Functional Connectivity Changes of Locus Coeruleus from Childhood to Older Adults
Regional homogeneity of adolescents with high‐functioning autism spectrum disorder and its association with symptom severity
Amygdala functional connectivity as a longitudinal biomarker of symptom changes in generalized anxiety
"Where, When and Why Brain Activation Differs for Bilinguals and Monolinguals during Picture Naming and Reading Aloud"
Altered cerebellar functional connectivity in chronic subcortical stroke patients
"Antidepressant treatment, not depression, leads to reductions in behavioral and neural responses to pain empathy"
BOLD signal response in primary visual cortex to flickering checkerboard increases with stimulus temporal frequency in older adults
DC Shifts-fMRI: A Supplement to Event-Related fMRI
Predicting Delayed Neurocognitive Recovery After Non-cardiac Surgery Using Resting-State Brain Network Patterns Combined With Machine Learning
The neural coding of tonal working memory load: An functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Examining the value of body gestures in social reward contexts
Abnormal resting-state brain activities in patients with first-episode obsessive-compulsive disorder
"Mapping the artistic brain: Common and distinct neural activations associated with musical, drawing, and literary creativity"
How the Non-attending Brain Hears Its Owner's Name.
"Blood pressure variability, central autonomic network dysfunction and cerebral small vessel disease in APOE4 carriers"
Disrupted Olfactory Integration in Schizophrenia: Functional Connectivity Study
Delineating the social valuation network in adolescents
The iron burden of cerebral microbleeds contributes to brain atrophy through the mediating effect of white matter hyperintensity.
Association between fractional amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation (fALFF) and facial emotion recognition ability in first-episode schizophrenia patients: a fMRI study
Distinct neurochemical influences on fMRI response polarity in the striatum
Time of day dependent longitudinal changes in resting-state fMRI
Apolipoprotein E-dependent load of white matter hyperintensities in Alzheimer’s disease: a voxel-based lesion mapping study
The cerebellum plays more than one role in the dysregulation of appetite: Review of structural evidence from typical and eating disorder populations
Abnormal degree centrality in chronic users of codeine-containing cough syrups: A resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Reduced inhibition control ability in children with ADHD due to coexisting learning disorders: an fNIRS study
Regulating Craving by Anticipating Positive and Negative Outcomes: A Multivariate Pattern Analysis and Network Connectivity Approach
Frontoparietal function and underlying structure reflect capacity for motor skill acquisition during healthy aging.
An fMRI study investigating effects of conceptually related sentences on the perception of degraded speech.
Dynamic regional homogeneity alterations and cognitive impairment in patients with moderate and severe obstructive sleep apnea
Psychopathic traits mediate guilt-related anterior midcingulate activity under authority pressure
Fronto-Limbic Alterations in Negatively Biased Attention in Young Adults with Subthreshold Depression
Neuronal signatures of anger and fear in patients with psychosis.
The role of the striatum in linguistic selection: Evidence from Huntington's disease and computational modeling.
Neural correlates of chocolate brand preference: A functional MRI study.
Subgenual cingulate cortical activity predicts the efficacy of electroconvulsive therapy
Visual integration of objects and scenes increases recollection-based responding despite differential MTL recruitment in young and older adults.
Neural substrates of mnemonic discrimination: A whole‐brain fMRI investigation
Regional Gray Matter Volume Related to High Occupational Stress in Firefighters
Relationship between Memory Load and Listening Demands in Age-Related Hearing Impairment
Fronto-striatal effective connectivity of working memory in adults with cannabis use disorder.
Individual differences in brain structure and self-reported empathy in children
Deficits in executive function and suppression of default mode network in obesity
Quantitative Prediction of Individual Psychopathology in Trauma Survivors Using Resting-State fMRI
Abnormal white matter integrity in rapists as indicated by diffusion tensor imaging
Disrupted reinforcement learning during post-error slowing in ADHD
Interferon and anti-TNF therapies differentially modulate amygdala reactivity which predicts associated bidirectional changes in depressive symptoms
Neural Correlates of Cognitive-Attentional Syndrome: An fMRI Study on Repetitive Negative Thinking Induction and Resting State Functional Connectivity
Altered Cortico-Striatal–Thalamic Connectivity in Relation to Spatial Working Memory Capacity in Children with ADHD
Age Differences in the Neural Representation of Working Memory Revealed by Multi-Voxel Pattern Analysis
Effect of Deep Brain Stimulation on Regional Cerebral Blood Flow in Patients with Medically Refractory Tourette Syndrome
Neural Representations of Observed Interpersonal Synchrony/Asynchrony in the Social Perception Network
Brain Functional Representation of Highly Occluded Object Recognition
Brain regional homogeneity and function connectivity in attenuated psychosis syndrome —based on a resting state fMRI study
Typical resting-state activity of the brain requires visual input during an early sensitive period
Sex Effect on Presurgical Language Mapping in Patients With a Brain Tumor
Bilateral cerebellar activation in unilaterally challenged essential tremor
A Combined Administration of Testosterone and Arginine Vasopressin Affects Aggressive Behavior in Males
Distraction decreases rIFG-putamen connectivity during goal-directed effort for food rewards
Toward Precise Localization of Abnormal Brain Activity: 1D CNN on Single Voxel fMRI Time-Series
"Effect of erythropoietin on cognitive side-effects of electroconvulsive therapy in depression: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial."
Sex-specific effects of cigarette smoking on caudate and amygdala volume and resting-state functional connectivity.
Repeated unilateral handgrip contractions alter functional connectivity and improve contralateral limb response times
Structural brain morphology in young adult women who have been choked/strangled during sex: A whole‐brain surface morphometry study
A Look Into the Power of fNIRS Signals by Using the Welch Power Spectral Estimate for Deception Detection
Single subject pharmacological-MRI (phMRI) study: Modulation of brain activity of psoriatic arthritis pain by cyclooxygenase-2 inhibitor
Functional cortical changes in relapsing–remitting multiple sclerosis at amplitude configuration: a resting-state fMRI study
Neural and behavioral effects of parent training on emotion recognition in mothers rearing children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder
Multimodal imaging of essential tremor and dystonic tremor
Comparison of resting-state spontaneous brain activity between treatment-naive schizophrenia and obsessive-compulsive disorder
Brain activity related to working memory and distraction in children and adults.
Supra-regional brain systems and the neuropathology of schizophrenia.
Quadriceps muscle function following anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction: systemic differences in neural and morphological characteristics.
Effective cerebello–cerebral connectivity during implicit and explicit social belief sequence learning using dynamic causal modeling
A Prospective Longitudinal Study of Perceived Infant Outcomes at 18–24 Months: Neural and Psychological Correlates of Parental Thoughts and Actions Assessed during the First Month Postpartum
Placebo Analgesia Affects Brain Correlates of Error Processing
Recursive music elucidates neural mechanisms supporting the generation and detection of melodic hierarchies
Dynamic local metrics changes in patients with toothache: A resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study
"Cortical thickness, gyrification and sulcal depth in trigeminal neuralgia"
Relationships between abnormal neural activities and cognitive impairments in patients with drug-naive first-episode schizophrenia
Structural and functional biomarkers of the insula subregions predict sex differences in aggression subscales
The effect of emotion regulation on risk-taking and decision-related activity in prefrontal cortex
Brain Activity in Age-Related Macular Degeneration Patients From the Perspective of Regional Homogeneity: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Insula Connectivity Abnormalities Predict Impulsivity in Chronic Heroin Use Disorder: A Cross-Sectional Resting-State fMRI Study
"Willingness-to-Pay-Associated Right Prefrontal Activation During a Single, Real Use of Cosmetics as Revealed by Functional Near-Infrared Spectroscopy"
Compensatory Hippocampal Recruitment Supports Preserved Episodic Memory in Autism Spectrum Disorder.
Spatial migration of human reward processing with functional development: Evidence from quantitative meta‐analyses
Gain–loss situation modulates neural responses to self–other decision making under risk
Neural adaptation of cingulate and insular activity during delayed fear extinction: A replicable pattern across assessment sites and repeated measurements.
Brain Networks Modulation during Simple and Complex Gait: A “Mobile Brain/Body Imaging” Study
Training gains and transfer effects after mnemonic strategy training in mild cognitive impairment: A fMRI study.
Revisiting the Neural Architecture of Adolescent Decision-Making: Univariate and Multivariate Evidence for System-Based Models.
On the Role of Bilateral Brain Hypofunction and Abnormal Lateralization of Cortical Information Flow as Neural Underpinnings of Conventional Metaphor Processing Impairment in Schizophrenia: An fMRI and EEG Study
Altered morphological traits along central olfactory centres in congenitally blind subjects.
The neural bases of argumentative reasoning.
The role of left and right hemispheres in the comprehension of idiomatic language: an electrical neuroimaging study
Scale‐free functional brain dynamics during recovery from sport‐related concussion
Imaging Insights of Isolated Idiopathic Dystonia: Voxel-Based Morphometry and Activation Likelihood Estimation Studies
Neural mechanisms supporting evaluation of others’ errors in real-life like conditions
White Matter and Cognition in Adults Who Were Born Preterm
Disrupted resting-state functional connectivity of the thalamus in patients with coronary heart disease
Callous-unemotional traits in adolescents moderate neural network associations with empathy.
Brain Activation Time-Locked to Sleep Spindles Associated With Human Cognitive Abilities
Structural and functional alterations in the brain during working memory in medication-naïve patients at clinical high-risk for psychosis
The overlap across psychotic disorders: A functional network connectivity analysis.
Progressive Ventricles Enlargement and Cerebrospinal Fluid Volume Increases as a Marker of Neurodegeneration in Patients with Spinal Cord Injury: A Longitudinal Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Identifying environmental sounds: a multimodal mapping study
New insights into the neural basis of cognitive control: An event-related fMRI study of task selection processes.
fMRI of Working Memory Impairment after Recovery from Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
Impact of self-esteem and sex on stress reactions
Orbitofrontal cortex mediates pain inhibition by monetary reward
Economic threat heightens conflict detection: sLORETA evidence
Functional Neuroanatomy of the Human Accommodation Response to an “E” Target Varying from -3 to -6 Diopters
Functional changes in the auditory cortex and associated regions caused by different acoustic stimuli in patients with presbycusis and tinnitus
Brain Responses during the Anticipation of Dyspnea
The Neural Basis of Risky Choice with Affective Outcomes
T /T ratio from 3T MRI improves multiple sclerosis cortical lesion contrast.
Social perspective-taking shapes brain hemodynamic activity and eye movements during movie viewing
"A comparison of Freesurfer and multi-atlas MUSE for brain anatomy segmentation: Findings about size and age bias, and inter-scanner stability in multi-site aging studies."
The VLPFC-Engaged Voluntary Emotion Regulation: Combined TMS-fMRI Evidence for the Neural Circuit of Cognitive Reappraisal
Effects of familial risk and stimulant drug use on the anticipation of monetary reward: an fMRI study
Fronto-striato-limbic hyperactivation in obsessive-compulsive disorder during individually tailored symptom provocation.
Effects of semantic categorization strategy training on episodic memory in children and adolescents
Functional Hemispheric (A)symmetries in the Aged Brain—Relevance for Working Memory
Response inhibition and impulsivity: an fMRI study.
Differentiating Patterns of Amygdala-Frontal Functional Connectivity in Schizophrenia and Bipolar Disorder
Human brain structure predicts individual differences in preconscious evaluation of facial dominance and trustworthiness
Alterations in voxel based morphometry and resting state functional connectivity in men with compulsive sexual behavior disorder in the Sex@Brain study
Comparison of brain functional response to mechanical prickling stimuli to the glabrous and hairy skin
Different mechanisms of contralateral- or ipsilateral-acupuncture to modulate the brain activity in patients with unilateral chronic shoulder pain: a pilot fMRI study
Precise functional connections between the dorsal anterior cingulate cortex and areas recruited for physical inference
Deviant spontaneous neural activity as a potential early-response predictor for therapeutic interventions in patients with schizophrenia
Lower-Limb Sensorimotor Deprivation-Related Brain Activation in Patients With Chronic Complete Spinal Cord Injury
Sex differences in brain regional homogeneity during acute abstinence in cocaine use disorder
Progression of gray matter atrophy in seizure-free patients with temporal lobe epilepsy.
Altered Central Autonomic Network in Baseball Players: A Resting-state fMRI Study
Premotor Gray Matter Volume is Associated with Clinical Findings in Idiopathic and Genetically Determined Parkinson’s Disease 
Social decision‐making in the brain: Input‐state‐output modelling reveals patterns of effective connectivity underlying reciprocal choices
Responses to positive affect and unique resting-state connectivity in individuals at clinical high-risk for psychosis
Reduced brain activity during a working memory task in middle-aged apolipoprotein E ε4 carriers with overweight/obesity
Touching events predict human action segmentation in brain and behavior.
Chemotherapy-induced changes of cerebral activity in resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging and cerebral white matter in diffusion tensor imaging
Alzheimer's disease patients activate attention networks in a short-term memory task
Different Neural Mechanisms for the Comparison and Priming Distance Effects: An fMRI Study
Divergent neural substrates of inhibitory control in binge eating disorder relative to other manifestations of obesity
Abnormal dynamics of functional connectivity density in children with benign epilepsy with centrotemporal spikes.
Lesion-symptom mapping of a complex figure copy task: A large-scale PCA study of the BCoS trial
Controllability of Functional Brain Networks and Its Clinical Significance in First-Episode Schizophrenia
Neural underpinnings of valence-action interactions triggered by cues and targets in a rewarded approach/avoidance task.
Neural Responses to Smoking Cues in Schizophrenia.
Resting-state functional connectivity in multiple sclerosis patients receiving nabiximols for spasticity
Neural mechanisms of self-affirmation’s stress buffering effects
Differences in regional grey matter volumes in currently ill patients with anorexia nervosa.
Music Improvisation Is Characterized by Increase EEG Spectral Power in Prefrontal and Perceptual Motor Cortical Sources and Can be Reliably Classified From Non-improvisatory Performance
Effects of Nicotine on Emotional Reactivity in PTSD and Non-PTSD Smokers: Results of a Pilot fMRI Study
Identification of Cognitive Dysfunction in Patients with T2DM Using Whole Brain Functional Connectivity
Neural reactivation and judgements of vividness reveal separable contributions to mnemonic representation.
"Where there is no object formation, there is no perceptual organization: Evidence from the configural superiority effect."
“Mickey Mousing” in the Brain: Motion-Sound Synesthesia and the Subcortical Substrate of Audio-Visual Integration
Neural signatures of individual variability in context-dependent perception of ambiguous facial expression.
Localization and Functional Characterization of an Occipital Visual Word form Sensitive Area
Emotional Interference in Early Adolescence: Positive Reinforcement Modulates the Behavioral and Neural Effects of Negative Emotional Distracters.
Vestibular evoked potentials (VsEPs) of cortical origin produced by impulsive acceleration applied at the nasion
"Boredom, sustained attention and the default mode network."
Signal Detection Theory as a Novel Tool to Understand Cognitive Fatigue in Individuals With Multiple Sclerosis
Graph measures in task-based fMRI: Functional integration during read-out of visual and auditory information
What and where in mirror reading.
Perspective changes in human listeners are aligned with the contextual transformation of the word embedding space.
"Neural correlates of post-retrieval monitoring in older adults are preserved under divided attention, but are decoupled from memory performance."
Complex systems representing effective connectivity in patients with Type One diabetes mellitus
Brain structural and functional dissociated patterns in schizophrenia
Prenatal exposure to alcohol and its impact on reward processing and substance use in adulthood
Multilevel convergence of interoceptive impairments in hypertension: New evidence of disrupted body-brain interactions.
A Preliminary Investigation into the Neural Correlates of Knee Loading during a Change of Direction Task in Individuals after Anterior Cruciate Ligament Reconstruction
Chinese-English bilinguals show linguistic-perceptual links in the brain associating short spoken phrases with corresponding real-world natural action sounds by semantic category.
Enhancing treatment of osteoarthritis knee pain by boosting expectancy: A functional neuroimaging study
Motor imagery therapy improved upper limb motor function in stroke patients with hemiplegia by increasing functional connectivity of sensorimotor and cognitive networks
Cognitive Control in Auditory Working Memory Is Enhanced in Musicians
Neural practice effect during cross-modal selective attention: Supra-modal and modality-specific effects.
From provocation to aggression: the neural network
Attention to the other’s body sensations modulates the ventromedial prefrontal cortex
Building Memory Representations for Exemplar-Based Judgment: A Role for Ventral Precuneus
Attenuated brain activity during error processing and punishment anticipation in procrastination – a monetary Go/No-go fMRI study
Altered mean apparent propagator-based microstructure and the corresponding functional connectivity of the parahippocampus and thalamus in Crohn’s disease
Brain volumes and regional cortical thickness in young females with anorexia nervosa
Intrinsic brain abnormalities in chronic rhinosinusitis associated with mood and cognitive function
Disrupted Functional Connectivity with Dopaminergic Midbrain in Cocaine Abusers
Functional connectivity alteration of the deprived auditory regions with cognitive networks in deaf and inattentive adolescents.
The spatio-temporal profile of multisensory integration.
A spatial covariance 123I-5IA-85380 SPECT study of α4β2 nicotinic receptors in Alzheimer's disease
Bayesian modelling captures inter-individual differences in social belief computations in the putamen and insula.
Choosing to view morbid information involves reward circuitry
Neural and sympathetic activity associated with exploration in decision-making: further evidence for involvement of insula
Meditation Increases the Depth of Information Processing and Improves the Allocation of Attention in Space
Visual and Semantic Representations Predict Subsequent Memory in Perceptual and Conceptual Memory Tests.
Abnormal Baseline Brain Activity in Neuromyelitis Optica Patients Without Brain Lesion Detected by Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging
The Use of Physiological Signals in Brainstem/Midbrain fMRI
Abnormal Spontaneous Neural Activity in Parkinson’s Disease With “pure” Apathy
Vocal music enhances memory and language recovery after stroke: pooled results from two RCTs
Reduced connectivity of the cognitive control neural network at rest in young adults who had their first drink of alcohol prior to age 18.
Neural processing of odor-associated words: an fMRI study in patients with acquired olfactory loss.
Brain Structural Correlates of Risk-Taking Behavior and Effects of Peer Influence in Adolescents
Glucose hypometabolism in the visual cortex proportional to disease severity in patients with essential blepharospasm☆
The interplay of prefrontal and sensorimotor cortices during inhibitory control of learned motor behavior
A resting-state network comparison of combat-related PTSD with combat-exposed and civilian controls
Support Vector Machine for Analyzing Contributions of Brain Regions During Task-State fMRI
Cerebral Functional Manipulation of Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation in Cognitive Impairment Patients After Stroke: An fMRI Study
Cortical network underlying audiovisual semantic integration and modulation of attention: An fMRI and graph-based study
Whole brain correlates of individual differences in skin conductance responses during discriminative fear conditioning to social cues
Perceiving and expressing feelings through actions in relation to individual differences in empathic traits: the Action and Feelings Questionnaire (AFQ)
Motor and extra-motor gray matter integrity may underlie neurophysiologic parameters of motor function in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis: a combined voxel-based morphometry and transcranial stimulation study.
Brain Structural and Functional Reorganization in Tinnitus Patients Without Hearing Loss After Sound Therapy: A Preliminary Longitudinal Study
Altered thalamic subregion functional networks in patients with treatment-resistant schizophrenia
Transfer of training from one working memory task to another: behavioural and neural evidence
Two types of phonological reading impairment in stroke aphasia
Preliminary findings on the effect of childhood trauma on the functional connectivity of the anterior cingulate cortex subregions in major depressive disorder
Age differences in the neural correlates of recollection: transient versus sustained fMRI effects.
The neural correlates of picture naming facilitated by auditory repetition
Imbalance between default mode and sensorimotor connectivity is associated with perseverative thinking in obsessive-compulsive disorder
Faulty Suppression of Irrelevant Material in Patients with Thought Disorder Linked to Attenuated Frontotemporal Activation
Estriol‐mediated neuroprotection in multiple sclerosis localized by voxel‐based morphometry
Abnormal cerebellar network and effective connectivity in sudden and long-term sensorineural hearing loss
Functional Neuroimaging Correlates of Autobiographical Memory Deficits in Subjects at Risk for Depression
Predicting individualized clinical measures by a generalized prediction framework and multimodal fusion of MRI data.
Different Degree Centrality Changes in the Brain after Acupuncture on Contralateral or Ipsilateral Acupoint in Patients with Chronic Shoulder Pain: A Resting-State fMRI Study
The effect of aerobic dance intervention on brain spontaneous activity in older adults with mild cognitive impairment: A resting-state functional MRI study
Network Alterations in Comorbid Chronic Pain and Opioid Addiction: An Exploratory Approach
Aberrant Brain Dynamics in Schizophrenia During Working Memory Task: Evidence From a Replication Functional MRI Study.
Functional MRI of Letter Cancellation Task Performance in Older Adults
Melody Processing Characterizes Functional Neuroanatomy in the Aging Brain
Abnormal functional connectivity of the striatum in first‐episode drug‐naive early‐onset Schizophrenia
Neural correlates of interoceptive accuracy: Beyond cardioception.
Brain functional connectivity in sleep-related hypermotor epilepsy
Relationship between structural brainstem and brain plasticity and lower-limb training in spinal cord injury: a longitudinal pilot study
"Time-delay structure predicts clinical scores for patients with
disorders of consciousness using resting-state fMRI"
Cortical Thinning in the Medial Temporal Lobe and Precuneus Is Related to Cognitive Deficits in Patients With Subcortical Ischemic Vascular Disease
Atypical Balance between Occipital and Fronto-Parietal Activation for Visual Shape Extraction in Dyslexia
Metabolic lesion-deficit mapping of human cognition
What a difference timing makes: Cortisol effects on neural underpinnings of emotion regulation
The neural correlates of morphological complexity processing: Detecting structure in pseudowords.
The salience network causally influences default mode network activity during moral reasoning.
Does fMRI repetition suppression reveal mirror neuron activity in the human brain? Insights from univariate and multivariate analysis.
Shared neural mechanisms between imagined and perceived egocentric motion - A combined GVS and fMRI study.
Neurocognitive mechanisms of reactions to second- and third-party justice violations
Disentangling predictive processing in the brain: a meta-analytic study in favour of a predictive network
Multiscale Entropy of Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Differentiates Progressive Supranuclear Palsy and Multiple System Atrophy
Glucose hypometabolism in the Auditory Pathway in Age Related Hearing Loss in the ADNI cohort
Striatal Functional Connectivity Alterations After Two-Week Antidepressant Treatment Associated to Enduring Clinical Improvement in Major Depressive Disorder
Common Recruitment of Angular Gyrus in Episodic Autobiographical Memory and Bodily Self-Consciousness
Frontopolar cortex activation associated with pessimistic future-thinking in adults with major depressive disorder
Adaptive Thresholding for Improving Sensitivity in Single-Trial Simultaneous EEG/fMRI
Brain Activity Associated With Regulating Food Cravings Predicts Changes in Self-Reported Food Craving and Consumption Over Time
Vasogenic cerebral edema associated with the disability in activities of daily living in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
Changes in resting‐state functional connectivity in nonacute sciatica with acupuncture modulation: A preliminary study
Reduced sensitivity to delayed time and delayed reward of the post-operative insular glioma patients in delay discounting
Brain activation and connectivity in anorexia nervosa and body dysmorphic disorder when viewing bodies: relationships to clinical symptoms and perception of appearance.
Concurrent Structural and Functional Patterns in Patients With Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment
Examining cognitive control and reward interactions in adolescent externalizing symptoms.
Different kinds of simulation during literary reading: Insights from a combined fMRI and eye-tracking study.
Brain iron content in systemic iron overload: A beta-thalassemia quantitative MRI study
Antidepressant Treatment-Induced State-Dependent Reconfiguration of Emotion Regulation Networks in Major Depressive Disorder
Reduced White Matter Integrity in Patients With End-Stage and Non-end-Stage Chronic Kidney Disease: A Tract-Based Spatial Statistics Study
Altered Resting-State Functional Connectivity in Wernicke's Encephalopathy With Vestibular Impairment
Shared Characteristics of Intrinsic Connectivity Networks Underlying Interoceptive Awareness and Empathy
Aberrant regional brain activities in alcohol dependence: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Enhanced effective connectivity from the middle frontal gyrus to the parietal lobe is associated with impaired mental rotation after total sleep deprivation: An electroencephalogram study
Altered amygdala-based functional connectivity in individuals with attenuated psychosis syndrome and first-episode schizophrenia
The functional connectivity of the basal ganglia subregions changed in mid-aged and young males with chronic prostatitis/chronic pelvic pain syndrome
Prosody production networks are modulated by sensory cues and social context
Characterizing the Structural Pattern Predicting Medication Response in Herpes Zoster Patients Using Multivoxel Pattern Analysis
Cortical Thinning in Temporo-Parietal Junction (TPJ) in Non-Affective First-Episode of Psychosis Patients with Persistent Negative Symptoms
Human ROBO1 regulates white matter structure in corpus callosum
Sensorimotor network alterations in children and youth with prenatal alcohol exposure.
Distinct global brain connectivity alterations in depressed adolescents with subthreshold mania and the relationship with processing speed: Evidence from sBEAD Cohort.
Nostalgia enhances detection of death threat: neural and behavioral evidence
Imaging biomarkers of posttraumatic epileptogenesis.
Age-related differences in ventral striatal and default mode network function during reciprocated trust
Neural activity during response inhibition associated with improvement of dysphoric symptoms of PTSD after trauma-focused psychotherapy—an EEG-fMRI study
Neural correlates of negative emotion processing in subthreshold depression
Altered Brain Functional Asymmetry in Patients With Major Depressive Disorder Related to Gastrointestinal Symptoms
A Multimodal Imaging Approach Demonstrates Reduced Midbrain Functional Network Connectivity Is Associated With Freezing of Gait in Parkinson's Disease
Neural Processing of Dynamic Animated Social Interactions in Young Children With Autism Spectrum Disorder: A High-Density Electroencephalography Study
Brain regions essential for improved lexical access in an aged aphasic patient: a case report
Cortico-basal ganglia networks dysfunction associated with disease severity in patients with idiopathic blepharospasm
The effect of emotional faces on reward-related probability learning in depressed patients.
Is the Brainstem Activation Different Between Healthy Young Male and Female Volunteers at Initiation of Voiding? A High Definition 7-Tesla Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Effects of Recreational GHB Use and Multiple GHB-Induced Comas on Brain Structure and Impulsivity
Co-localized impaired regional cerebrovascular reactivity in chronic concussion is associated with BOLD activation differences during a working memory task.
Altered regional homogeneity and its association with cognitive function in adolescents with borderline personality disorder
A functional MRI study of altered spontaneous brain activity pattern in patients with congenital comitant strabismus using amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation
Enhanced Functional Connectivity Within Executive Function Network in Remitted or Partially Remitted MDD Patients
Neural structural abnormalities behind altered brain activation in obesity: Evidence from meta-analyses of brain activation and morphometric data
Neural modelling of the semantic predictability gain under challenging listening conditions
Automatized FACEmemory® scoring is related to Alzheimer’s disease phenotype and biomarkers in early-onset mild cognitive impairment: the BIOFACE cohort
Neurofeedback-dependent influence of the ventral striatum using a working memory paradigm targeting the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex
"Altered Regional Brain Glucose Metabolism in Diffuse Large B-Cell Lymphoma Patients Treated With Cyclophosphamide, Epirubicin, Vincristine, and Prednisone: An Fluorodeoxyglucose Positron Emission Tomography Study of 205 Cases"
Voxel-based morphometry of disgust sensitivity
Adolescents’ neural sensitivity to high and low popularity: Longitudinal links to risk-taking and prosocial behavior☆
Feasibility of simultaneous whole-brain imaging on an integrated PET-MRI system using an enhanced 2-point Dixon attenuation correction method
Effects of contextualized emotional conflict control on domain-general conflict control: fMRI evidence of neural network reconfiguration
Skill learning strengthens cortical representations of motor sequences
A proof-of-principle study of multi-site real-time functional imaging at 3T and 7T: Implementation and validation
Examining the Neural Basis of Congruent and Incongruent Configural Contexts during Associative Retrieval.
"Early diagnosis of Alzheimer’s disease using combined features from voxel-based morphometry and cortical, subcortical, and hippocampus regions of MRI T1 brain images"
Common neural value representations of hedonic and utilitarian products in the ventral striatum: An fMRI study
Aberrant Coupling Between Resting-State Cerebral Blood Flow and Functional Connectivity in Wilson’s Disease
The Neurocircuitry Underlying Additive Effects of Safety Instruction on Extinction Learning
Altered resting activity patterns and connectivity in individuals with complex regional pain syndrome
Midcingulate Cortical Activations Interrelate Chronic Craving and Physiological Responses to Negative Emotions in Cocaine Addiction
Brain Activity Related to Sound Symbolism: Cross-modal Effect of an Aurally Presented Phoneme on Judgment of Size
Differential neural mechanisms for early and late prediction error detection
Embodied metacognition as strengthened functional connection between neural correlates of metacognition and dance in dancers: exploring creativity implications
Neural Correlates of Cognitive Dysfunctions in Cervical Spondylotic Myelopathy Patients: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Increased subcortical region volume induced by electroconvulsive therapy in patients with schizophrenia.
Exploring the neurocognome: Neurocognitive network organization in healthy young adults.
Sentence processing is modulated by the current linguistic environment and a priori information: An fMRI study
Neural correlates of Type A personality: Type A personality mediates the association of resting-state brain activity and connectivity with eating disorder symptoms.
Reduced resting-state brain functional network connectivity and poor regional homogeneity in patients with CADASIL
Dissonance encoding in human inferior colliculus covaries with individual differences in dislike of dissonant music
Altered functional connectivity of the nucleus accumbens subdivisions in amphetamine-type stimulant abusers: a resting-state fMRI study
Practice and Learning: Spatiotemporal Differences in Thalamo-Cortical-Cerebellar Networks Engagement across Learning Phases in Schizophrenia
"Aberrant interhemispheric functional connectivity in first-episode, drug-naïve major depressive disorder."
Efficacy and Mechanism of Moxibustion Treatment on Mild Cognitive Impairment Patients: An fMRI Study Using ALFF
"Brain, cognitive, and physical disability correlates of decreased quality of life in patients with Huntington’s disease"
Gray Matter Volume Changes in Patients With Acute Eye Pain: A Voxel-Based Morphometry Study
The impact of a multi-domain intervention on cerebral glucose metabolism: analysis from the randomized ancillary FDG PET MAPT trial
Polygenic Risk for Schizophrenia Has Sex-Specific Effects on Brain Activity during Memory Processing in Healthy Individuals
Oxytocin enhances basolateral amygdala activation and functional connectivity while processing emotional faces: preliminary findings in autistic vs non-autistic women
BST1 rs4698412 allelic variant increases the risk of gait or balance deficits in patients with Parkinson’s disease
Investigating the neural bases for intra-subject cognitive efficiency changes using functional magnetic resonance imaging
"Sleep habits, academic performance, and the adolescent brain structure"
Hypothalamic Reactivity and Connectivity following Intravenous Glucose Administration
Effects of age on goal-dependent modulation of episodic memory retrieval.
Structural Alterations in Deep Brain Structures in Type 1 Diabetes
Search and recovery of autobiographical and laboratory memories: Shared and distinct neural components.
Association between white matter impairment and cognitive dysfunction in patients with ischemic Moyamoya disease
Preliminary evidence that ketamine alters anterior cingulate resting-state functional connectivity in depressed individuals
Altered resting state functional connectivity of the cognitive control network in fibromyalgia and the modulation effect of mind-body intervention.
Abnormal neural response to phonological working memory demands in persistent developmental stuttering.
Using subjective expectations to model the neural underpinnings of proactive inhibition
Hippocampal Volume as a Putative Marker of Resilience or Compensation to Minor Depressive Symptoms in a Nonclinical Sample
Navigating through digital folders uses the same brain structures as real world navigation
Neuroimaging explanations of age-related differences in task performance
Aberrant functional connectivity in resting state networks of ADHD patients revealed by independent component analysis
Emojis influence autobiographical memory retrieval from reading words: An fMRI-based study
Polymorphisms in CRYBB2 encoding βB2-crystallin are associated with antisaccade performance and memory function
Neural encoding of food and monetary reward delivery.
Musical training induces functional and structural auditory-motor network plasticity in young adults.
Mixing positive and negative valence: Affective-semantic integration of bivalent words
Neural Synchrony During Naturalistic Information Processing Is Associated With Aerobically Active Lifestyle and Cardiorespiratory Fitness in Cognitively Intact Older Adults
Longitudinal changes in auditory and reward systems following receptive music-based intervention in older adults
Neural activity during affect labeling predicts expressive writing effects on well-being: GLM and SVM approaches
Voxel-based morphometric brain comparison between healthy subjects and major depressive disorder patients in Japanese with the s/s genotype of 5-HTTLPR
The Neural Basis of Social Cognition in Typically Developing Children and Its Relationship to Social Functioning
Abnormal large-scale resting-state functional networks in drug-free major depressive disorder.
The Neural Processing of Second Language Comprehension Modulated by the Degree of Proficiency: A Listening Connected Speech fMRI Study
Resting‐state brain entropy in right temporal lobe epilepsy and its relationship with alertness
Anticipation of difficult tasks: neural correlates of negative emotions and emotion regulation
Altered Functional Connectivity of the Subthalamic Nucleus in Parkinson’s Disease: Focus on Candidates for Deep Brain Stimulation
State-Related Changes in MEG Functional Connectivity Reveal the Task-Positive Sensorimotor Network
Altered somatosensory neurovascular response in patients with Becker muscular dystrophy
Exploring the acute effects of running on cerebral blood flow and food cue reactivity in healthy young men using functional magnetic resonance imaging
Changes in dynamic and static brain fluctuation distinguish minimal hepatic encephalopathy and cirrhosis patients and predict the severity of liver damage
Adolescents’ risky decision-making activates neural networks related to social cognition and cognitive control processes
Changes and Influencing Factors of Stress Disorder in Patients with Mild Traumatic Brain Injury Stress Disorder
Abnormal spontaneous regional brain activity in primary insomnia: a resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Disrupted Regional Spontaneous Neural Activity in Mild Cognitive Impairment Patients with Depressive Symptoms: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Speechreading circuits in people born deaf.
The functional neuroimaging correlates of psychogenic versus organic dystonia
Functional connectivity changes between parietal and prefrontal cortices in primary insomnia patients: evidence from resting-state fMRI
A change in brain white matter after shunt surgery in idiopathic normal pressure hydrocephalus: a tract-based spatial statistics study
Brain Structure and Function in Women with Comorbid Bipolar and Premenstrual Dysphoric Disorder
Brain activity changes with emotional words in different stages of psychosis
A voxel-level resting-state fMRI study on patients with alcohol use disorders based on a power spectrum slope analysis method
Information transmission velocity-based dynamic hierarchical brain networks.
Reduced cortical thickness in gambling disorder: a morphometric MRI study.
The steady-state visual evoked potential (SSVEP) reflects the activation of cortical object representations: evidence from semantic stimulus repetition
Directly Exploring the Neural Correlates of Feedback-Related Reward Saliency and Valence During Real-Time fMRI-Based Neurofeedback
Dissociating Value Representation and Inhibition of Inappropriate Affective Response during Reversal Learning in the Ventromedial Prefrontal Cortex123
A Pilot Randomized Controlled Trial of Intermittent Theta Burst Stimulation as Stand-Alone Treatment for Post-Stroke Aphasia: Effects on Language and Verbal Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging (fMRI)
The Influence of MTHFR Polymorphism on Gray Matter Volume in Patients With Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment
That's not quite me: limb ownership encoding in the brain.
Exploring manual asymmetries during grasping: a dynamic causal modeling approach
Mapping cortical anatomy in preschool aged children with autism using surface-based morphometry☆
"Modulation of neural oscillations during working memory update, maintenance, and readout: An hdEEG study"
Persistent Intrinsic Functional Network Connectivity Alterations in Middle-Aged and Older Women With Remitted Depression
Neural Systems for Memory-based Value Judgment and Decision-making.
Alternations of interhemispheric functional connectivity in children with strabismus and amblyopia: a resting-state fMRI study
fMRI Findings in Cortical Brain Networks Interactions in Migraine Following Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation
Executive deficits are related to the inferior frontal junction in early dementia
Efforts for the Correct Comprehension of Deceitful and Ironic Communicative Intentions in Schizophrenia: A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study on the Role of the Left Middle Temporal Gyrus
Altered coupling of resting-state cerebral blood flow and functional connectivity in Meige syndrome
Altered patterns of cortical activation in ALS patients during attention and cognitive response inhibition tasks
Neighborhood affluence is not associated with positive and negative valence processing in adults with mood and anxiety disorders: A Bayesian inference approach
Rightward-biased hemodynamic response of the parahippocampal system during virtual navigation
Verbal Fluency Is Affected by Altered Brain Lateralization in Adults Who Were Born Very Preterm
Cultivating Affective Resilience: Proof-of-Principle Evidence of Translational Benefits From a Novel Cognitive-Emotional Training Intervention
Apples to apples? Neural correlates of emotion regulation differences between high- and low-risk adolescents
Alterations of functional brain activity and connectivity in female nurses working on long‐term shift
The cerebellar topography of attention sub-components in spinocerebellar ataxia type 2.
NT3 treatment alters spinal cord injury-induced changes in the gray matter volume of rhesus monkey cortex
Gender‐related difference in altered fractional amplitude of low‐frequency fluctuations after electroacupuncture on primary insomnia patients: A resting‐state fMRI study
"18F-FDG PET, cognitive functioning, and CSF biomarkers in patients with obstructive sleep apnoea before and after continuous positive airway pressure treatment"
Transcranial direct current stimulation reconstructs diminished thalamocortical connectivity during prolonged resting wakefulness: a resting-state fMRI pilot study.
A dual-brain approach for understanding the neuralmechanisms that underlie the comforting effects of social touch.
Emotion regulation in emerging adults with major depressive disorder and frequent cannabis use
"Relating Education, Brain Structure, and Cognition: The Role of Cardiovascular Disease Risk Factors"
Neural Substrates Related to Motor Memory with Multiple Timescales in Sensorimotor Adaptation
Altered functional connectivity in blepharospasm/orofacial dystonia
Self-awareness in neurodegenerative disease relies on neural structures mediating reward-driven attention.
Altered spatiotemporal consistency of corticolimbic circuitry in euthymic pediatric bipolar disorder.
Sex differences in hippocampal connectivity during spatial long-term memory.
Effect of Frustration on Brain Activation Pattern in Subjects with Different Temperament
Resting-state functional connectivity indicators of risk and resilience for self-harm in adolescent bipolar disorder
Enhanced left inferior frontal to left superior temporal effective connectivity for complex sentence comprehension: fMRI evidence from Chinese relative clause processing.
Voxel-based morphometry findings in Alzheimer's disease: neuropsychiatric symptoms and disability correlations – preliminary results
Neural Correlates of Deficits in Humor Appreciation in Gelotophobics
The gray matter atrophy and related network changes occur in the higher cognitive region rather than the primary sensorimotor cortex after spinal cord injury
Experience-Related Structural Changes of Degenerated Occipital White Matter in Late-Blind Humans – A Diffusion Tensor Imaging Study
Reading the Wrong Way with the Right Hemisphere
Eigenvector Centrality Characterization on fMRI Data: Gender and Node Differences in Normal and ASD Subjects : Author name.
The effects of attention in auditory–visual integration revealed by time-varying networks
Neural basis underlying the trait of attachment anxiety and avoidance revealed by the amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations and resting-state functional connectivity
A systematic optimization of F MR image acquisition to detect macrophage invasion into an ECM hydrogel implanted in the stroke-damaged brain.
Altered Brain Functional Hubs and Connectivity in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Patients: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Is Congenital Amusia a Disconnection Syndrome? A Study Combining Tract- and Network-Based Analysis
Cerebral Activation during Von Frey Filament Stimulation in Subjects with Endothelin-1-Induced Mechanical Hyperalgesia: A Functional MRI Study
Altered Cerebellum Spontaneous Activity in Juvenile Autism Spectrum Disorders Associated with Clinical Traits.
Cardiorespiratory fitness is associated with enhanced hippocampal functional connectivity in healthy young adults.
Dual n-back training improves functional connectivity of the right inferior frontal gyrus at rest
Altered effective connectivity anchored in the posterior cingulate cortex and the medial prefrontal cortex in cognitively intact elderly APOE ε4 carriers: a preliminary study.
Episodic Recollection Difficulties in ASD Result from Atypical Relational Encoding: Behavioral and Neural Evidence
Persistent Infection by HSV-1 Is Associated With Changes in Functional Architecture of iPSC-Derived Neurons and Brain Activation Patterns Underlying Working Memory Performance
Quantifying indices of short- and long-range white matter connectivity at each cortical vertex
Disrupted Interhemispheric Synchrony in Default Mode Network Underlying the Impairment of Cognitive Flexibility in Late-Onset Depression
The functional and structural alterations of the striatum in chronic spontaneous urticaria
Eyes-Open and Eyes-Closed Resting States With Opposite Brain Activity in Sensorimotor and Occipital Regions: Multidimensional Evidences From Machine Learning Perspective
Increased frontal gray matter volume in individuals with prodromal psychosis
Pattern of BOLD signal in auditory cortex relates acoustic response to perceptual streaming
Brain networks underlying conscious tactile perception of textures as revealed using the velvet hand illusion.
Three dimensional mathematical modeling of violin plate surfaces: An approach based on an ensemble of contour lines
Sex differences in neural substrates of risk taking: Implications for sex-specific vulnerabilities to internet gaming disorder
Functional connectivity of intrinsic cognitive networks during resting state and task performance in preadolescent children
Weaker semantic language lateralization associated with better semantic language performance in healthy right‐handed children
Brain recognition of previously learned versus novel temporal sequences: a differential simultaneous processing
Give me a pain that I am used to: distinct habituation patterns to painful and non-painful stimulation
Functional Connectivity Modulation by Acupuncture in Patients with Bell's Palsy
Influence of pain anticipation on brain activity and pain perception in Gulf War Veterans with chronic musculoskeletal pain.
Altered Cerebellar-Cerebral Functional Connectivity in Geriatric Depression
Childhood Trauma and COMT Genotype Interact to Increase Hippocampal Activation in Resilient Individuals
How Characters Are Learned Leaves Its Mark on the Neural Substrates of Chinese Reading
Reduced nucleus accumbens functional connectivity in reward network and default mode network in patients with recurrent major depressive disorder
Large-scale DCMs for resting-state fMRI
Neural Basis of Depression Related to a Dominant Right Hemisphere: A Resting-State fMRI Study
The effect of action observation on aesthetic preference of Chinese calligraphy: An fMRI study
Differential inter-subject correlation of brain activity when kinship is a variable in moral dilemma
Brain age and Alzheimer's-like atrophy are domain-specific predictors of cognitive impairment in Parkinson's disease.
Brain responses to the vicarious facilitation of pain by facial expressions of pain and fear
Offline replay supports planning in human reinforcement learning
Meta‐analytic evidence for downregulation of the amygdala during working memory maintenance
Partially impaired functional connectivity states between right anterior insula and default mode network in autism spectrum disorder.
Spatio-temporal dynamics of resting-state brain networks improve single-subject prediction of schizophrenia diagnosis.
Altered amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation and regional cerebral blood flow in females with primary dysmenorrhea: a resting-state fMRI and arterial spin labeling study
"Letter fluency in 7-8-year-old children is related to the anterior, but not posterior, ventral occipito-temporal cortex during an auditory phonological task"
When a photograph can be heard: Vision activates the auditory cortex within 110 ms
Dysfunction of default mode network characterizes generalized anxiety disorder relative to social anxiety disorder and post-traumatic stress disorder.
Illness Severity Moderated Association Between Trait Anxiety and Amygdala-Based Functional Connectivity in Generalized Anxiety Disorder
Immediate visual reproduction negatively correlates with brain entropy of parahippocampal gyrus and inferior occipital gyrus in bipolar II disorder adolescents
A presurgical voxel-wise predictive model for cerebellar mutism syndrome in children with posterior fossa tumors
Psychosocial Intervention for Youth With High Externalizing Behaviors and Aggression Is Associated With Improvement in Impulsivity and Brain Gray Matter Volume Changes
Single subject and group whole-brain fMRI mapping of male genital sensation at 7 Tesla
Attribution of Intentional Causation Influences the Perception of Observed Movements: Behavioral Evidence and Neural Correlates
Contrasting Associations Between Heart Rate Variability and Brainstem-Limbic Connectivity in Posttraumatic Stress Disorder and Its Dissociative Subtype: A Pilot Study
Gray matter reduction in bilateral insula mediating adverse psychiatric effects of body mass index in schizophrenia
Visual Restoration after Cataract Surgery Promotes Functional and Structural Brain Recovery
Relationship between herpes simplex virus-1-specific antibody titers and cortical brain damage in Alzheimer’s disease and amnestic mild cognitive impairment
Intrinsic default—executive coupling of the creative aging brain
Gray matter volume reduction with different disease duration in trigeminal neuralgia
The neural basis of semantic cognition in Mandarin Chinese: A combined fMRI and TMS study
Diminished cortical response to risk and loss during risky decision making in alcohol use disorder.
Cue-elicited functional connectivity of the periaqueductal gray and tonic cocaine craving.
Relationship between Personality and Gray Matter Volume in Healthy Young Adults: A Voxel-Based Morphometric Study
Potential Targets for Noninvasive Brain Stimulation on Depersonalization-Derealization Disorder
Adult attachment predicts maternal brain and oxytocin response to infant cues
Dispositional empathy predicts primary somatosensory cortex activity while receiving touch by a hand
Increased resting state functional irregularity of T2DM brains with high HbA1c: sign for impaired verbal memory function?
Forward planning driven by context-dependant conflict processing in anterior cingulate cortex.
Functional connectivity of music-induced analgesia in fibromyalgia
Gray Matter Structure Is Associated with Reading Skill in Typically Developing Young Readers.
Comparison of Hemodynamic Brain Responses Between Big Wave Surfers and Non-big Wave Surfers During Affective Image Presentation
Neural Correlates of Time Versus Money in Product Evaluation
Multivariate Deep Learning Classification of Alzheimer’s Disease Based on Hierarchical Partner Matching Independent Component Analysis
Fitness-Dependent Effect of Acute Aerobic Exercise on Executive Function
The effect of distress on the balance between goal-directed and habit networks in obsessive-compulsive disorder
Changed Hub and Corresponding Functional Connectivity of Subgenual Anterior Cingulate Cortex in Major Depressive Disorder
The Effect of Retrieval Focus and Emotional Valence on the Inferior Frontal Cortex Activity during Autobiographical Recollection
Disrupted Balance of Long- and Short-Range Functional Connectivity Density in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Longitudinal effects of cognitive behavioral therapy for depression on the neural correlates of emotion regulation.
Deactivation of anterior cingulate cortex during virtual social interaction in obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Mean diffusivity related to rule-breaking guilt: the Macbeth effect in the sensorimotor regions
Medial temporal lobe epilepsy is associated with neuronal fibre loss and paradoxical increase in structural connectivity of limbic structures
"Avalanche criticality in individuals, fluid intelligence, and working memory"
Altered Cingulate Cortex Functional Connectivity in Normal Aging and Mild Cognitive Impairment
Dissociating representations of affect and motion in visual cortices
Prefrontal tDCS is unable to modulate mind wandering propensity or underlying functional or effective brain connectivity
Strategies of selective changing: Preparatory neural processes seem to be responsible for differences in complex inhibition
"Joint Attention During Live Person-to-Person Contact Activates rTPJ, Including a Sub-Component Associated With Spontaneous Eye-to-Eye Contact"
Activation patterns of the dorsal medial prefrontal cortex and frontal pole predict individual differences in decision impulsivity.
The effects of cognitive behavioral therapy on resting‐state functional brain network in drug‐naive patients with obsessive–compulsive disorder
Dopaminergic modulation of the exploration/exploitation trade-off in human decision-making
Hyperarousal and Beyond: New Insights to the Pathophysiology of Insomnia Disorder through Functional Neuroimaging Studies
The dorsal premotor cortex exerts a powerful and specific inhibitory effect on the ipsilateral corticofacial system: a dual-coil transcranial magnetic stimulation study.
Structural integrity of the substantia nigra and subthalamic nucleus predicts flexibility of instrumental learning in older-age individuals
Relation of Decreased Functional Connectivity Between Left Thalamus and Left Inferior Frontal Gyrus to Emotion Changes Following Acute Sleep Deprivation
The functional neuroanatomy of emotion processing in frontotemporal dementias
Racial stereotypes impair flexibility of emotional learning.
Cerebellar-limbic neurocircuit is the novel biosignature of physio-cognitive decline syndrome
Psychological resilience mediates the protective role of default-mode network functional connectivity against COVID-19 vicarious traumatization
Thalamocortical functional connectivity in patients with insomnia using resting-state fMRI
Aberrant perfusion and its connectivity within default mode network of first-episode drug-naïve schizophrenia patients and their unaffected first-degree relatives
Investigation of Cross-Species Translatability of Pharmacological MRI in Awake Nonhuman Primate - A Buprenorphine Challenge Study
Induction of Relaxation by Autonomous Sensory Meridian Response
Alteration of brain functional networks induced by electroacupuncture stimulation in rats with ischemia–reperfusion: An independent component analysis
Inconsistency between cortical reorganization and functional connectivity alteration in the sensorimotor cortex following incomplete cervical spinal cord injury.
Anatomical connection strength predicts dopaminergic drug effects on fronto-striatal function
Assessment of dynamic functional connectivity in resting‐state fMRI using the sliding window technique
Reduced brain activation during inhibitory control in children with COMT Val/Val genotype
Convergence of distinct functional networks supporting naming and semantic recognition in the left inferior frontal gyrus
Adolescent Engagement in Dangerous Behaviors Is Associated with Increased White Matter Maturity of Frontal Cortex
Hyperactivation in Cognitive Control and Visual Attention Brain Regions During Emotional Interference in Adolescent Depression.
Dopaminergic modulation of motor network compensatory mechanisms in Parkinson's disease.
Neuroimaging-Based Scalp Acupuncture Locations for Dementia
Cortical thinning pattern according to differential nigrosome involvement in patients with Parkinson’s disease
The stress-buffering role of friendships in young people with childhood threat experiences: a preliminary report
Striatal bases of temporal discounting in early adolescents.
Moral judgment modulation by disgust priming via altered fronto-temporal functional connectivity
Modulating Brain Connectivity by Simultaneous Dual-Mode Stimulation over Bilateral Primary Motor Cortices in Subacute Stroke Patients
Encoding-related brain activity and accelerated forgetting in transient epileptic amnesia
LORETA EEG phase reset of the default mode network
The association between resting functional connectivity and dispositional optimism
3D interactive tractography-informed resting-state fMRI connectivity
Reversed patterns of resting state functional connectivity for females vs. males in posttraumatic stress disorder
Relevance of brain lesion location for cognition in vascular mild cognitive impairment
Towards neural correlates of auditory stimulus processing: A simultaneous auditory evoked potentials and functional magnetic resonance study using an odd-ball paradigm
Cardiac and Gastric Interoceptive Awareness Have Distinct Neural Substrates
Neuro-Cognitive Differences in Semantic Processing Between Native Speakers and Proficient Learners of Mandarin Chinese
A meta‐analysis of the neural substrates of monetary reward anticipation and outcome in alcohol use disorder
Low birthweight and preterm birth in young people with special educational needs: a magnetic resonance imaging analysis
Phase-amplitude coupling at the organism level: The amplitude of spontaneous alpha rhythm fluctuations varies with the phase of the infra-slow gastric basal rhythm
Externalizing proneness and brain response during pre-cuing and viewing of emotional pictures.
Neural correlates of childhood trauma with executive function in young healthy adults
Extensive functional connectivity between brain areas implicated in mental imagery production and phobic fear during both emotional and neutral mental imagery.
Eyes-Open and Eyes-Closed Resting State Network Connectivity Differences
Dissociating the neural substrates for inhibition and shifting in domain-general cognitive control.
Clinical severity in Parkinson’s disease is determined by decline in cortical compensation
Reliability and Validity of Power Spectrum Slope (PSS): A Metric for Measuring Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Activity of Single Voxels
Trunk rotation and handedness modulate cortical activation in neglect-associated regions during temporal order judgments
Perceptual Expectations of Object Stimuli Modulate Repetition Suppression in a Delayed Repetition Design
A pairwise maximum entropy model accurately describes resting-state human brain networks
Altered Inferior Parietal Functional Connectivity is Correlated with Praxis and Social Skill Performance in Children with Autism Spectrum Disorder.
Patterns of Cerebellar Connectivity with Intrinsic Connectivity Networks in Autism Spectrum Disorders.
Increased frequency of social interaction is associated with enjoyment enhancement and reward system activation
Gain- and Loss-Related Brain Activation Are Associated with Information Search Differences in Risky Gambles: An fMRI and Eye-Tracking Study
Sex-Specific Patterns of Aberrant Brain Function in First-Episode Treatment-Naive Patients with Schizophrenia
Altered Brain Function in Drug-Naïve Major Depressive Disorder Patients With Early-Life Maltreatment: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Improved Neural Processing Efficiency in a Chronic Aphasia Patient Following Melodic Intonation Therapy: A Neuropsychological and Functional MRI Study
Developmental pathways to amygdala-prefrontal function and internalizing symptoms in adolescence
The verbal nature of worry in generalized anxiety: Insights from the brain
Hippocampal control of repetition effects for associative stimuli.
Language learning experience and mastering the challenges of perceiving speech in noise.
Pre-symptomatic local brain activity and functional connectivity alterations in nasopharyngeal carcinoma patients who developed radiation encephalopathy following radiotherapy.
Left hemisphere abnormalities in developmental prosopagnosia when looking at faces but not words
Alterations in the functional neural circuitry supporting flexible choice behavior in autism spectrum disorders
Neural Correlates of Positive Outcome Expectancy for Aggression: Evidence from Voxel-Based Morphometry and Resting-State Functional Connectivity Analysis
Altered functional association and couplings: Effective diagnostic neuromarkers for Alzheimer’s disease
Brain Regions Involved in Underlying Syntactic Processing of Mandarin Chinese Intransitive Verbs: An fMRI Study
The inclusion of functional connectivity information into fMRI-based neurofeedback improves its efficacy in the reduction of cigarette cravings.
Dissociable Effects of Theta-Burst Repeated Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation to the Inferior Frontal Gyrus on Inhibitory Control in Nicotine Addiction
Resting-state brain connectivity correlates of musical sophistication
"Effect of Risperidone Monotherapy on Dynamic Functional Connectivity of Insular Subdivisions in Treatment-Naive, First-Episode Schizophrenia."
The orbitofrontal cortex represents advantageous choice in the Iowa gambling task
Baseline Shifts do not Predict Attentional Modulation of Target Processing During Feature-Based Visual Attention
Increased cerebellar-default-mode network connectivity at rest in obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Cytoarchitectonic segregation of human posterior intraparietal and adjacent parieto-occipital sulcus and its relation to visuomotor and cognitive functions
Altered Gray Matter Volume and White Matter Integrity in College Students with Mobile Phone Dependence
Altered Brain Fraction Amplitude of Low Frequency Fluctuation at Resting State in Patients With Early Left and Right Bell’s Palsy: Do They Have Differences?
Increased activation of the pregenual anterior cingulate cortex to citalopram challenge in migraine: an fMRI study
Disrupted default mode network connectivity in male adolescents with conduct disorder.
Neural arbitration between social and individual learning systems
Hippocampal-parietal dysconnectivity and glutamate abnormalities in unmedicated patients with schizophrenia.
"Default mode network connectivity and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder in adolescence: Associations with delay aversion and temporal discounting, but not mind wandering."
Correction: Neuroanatomical Correlates of Theory of Mind Deficit in Parkinson's Disease: A Multimodal Imaging Study
Abnormal functional connectivity during visuospatial processing is associated with disrupted organisation of white matter in autism
Motor sequences; separating the sequence from the motor. A longitudinal rsfMRI study
Domain-specific functional coupling between dorsal and ventral systems during action perception
"Male sexual orientation, gender nonconformity, and neural activity during mental rotations: an fMRI study"
Intrinsic functional connectivity alterations of the primary visual cortex in patients with proliferative diabetic retinopathy: a seed-based resting-state fMRI study
Abnormal Regional Spontaneous Brain Activity and Its Indirect Effect on Spasm Ratings in Patients With Hemifacial Spasm
Brain mechanisms associated with facial encoding of affective states
Lesion Topography Impact on Shoulder Abduction and Finger Extension Following Left and Right Hemispheric Stroke
Abnormal Spontaneous Brain Activity in Early Parkinson’s Disease With Mild Cognitive Impairment: A Resting-State fMRI Study
"Craving dynamics and related cerebral substrates predict timing of use in alcohol, tobacco, and cannabis use disorders"
Decreased Functional Connectivity Between the Right Precuneus and Middle Frontal Gyrus Is Related to Attentional Decline Following Acute Sleep Deprivation
Aberrant Neural Activation Underlying Idiom Comprehension in Korean Children with High Functioning Autism Spectrum Disorder
Decreased effective connection from the parahippocampal gyrus to the prefrontal cortex in Internet gaming disorder: A MVPA and spDCM study
Spatio-temporal patterns of cognitive control revealed with simultaneous electroencephalography and functional magnetic resonance imaging.
The Effect of Cognitive Reappraisal on Reactive Aggression: An fMRI Study
Altered Resting-State Functional Connectivity in the Default Mode Network in Male Juvenile Violent Offenders
Fronto-insular-parietal network engagement underlying arithmetic word problem solving.
Sports Augmented Cognitive Benefits: An fMRI Study of Executive Function with Go/NoGo Task
Cerebellar correlates of visual hallucinations in Parkinson's disease and Charles Bonnet Syndrome.
White matter deficits correlate with visual motion perception impairments in dyslexic carriers of the DCDC2 genetic risk variant
Cueing emotional memories during slow wave sleep modulates next-day activity in the orbitofrontal cortex and the amygdala.
Time course of effective connectivity associated with perspective taking in utterance comprehension
"Stria terminalis, amygdala, and temporoparietal junction networks facilitate efficient emotion processing under expectations"
Delta resting-state functional connectivity in the cognitive control network as a prognostic factor for maintaining abstinence: An eLORETA preliminary study.
Clinical phenotype modulates brain’s myelin and iron content in temporal lobe epilepsy
fMR-adaptation indicates selectivity to audiovisual content congruency in distributed clusters in human superior temporal cortex
"Patterns of Impaired Neurocognitive Performance on the Global Neuropsychological Assessment, and Their Brain Structural Correlates in Recent-onset and Chronic Schizophrenia"
The widespread action observation/execution matching system for facial expression processing
Spatial Mnemonic Encoding: Theta Power Decreases and Medial Temporal Lobe BOLD Increases Co-Occur during the Usage of the Method of Loci
Happier People Show Greater Neural Connectivity during Negative Self-Referential Processing
Gray matter correlates of cognitive ability tests used for vocational guidance
The Local Brain Abnormalities in Patients With Transient Ischemic Attack: A Resting-State fMRI Study
The neural basis of counting sequences.
Alteration of whole-brain amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation and degree centrality in patients with mild to moderate depression: A resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Cerebellar‐hippocampal processing in passive perception of visuospatial change: An ego‐ and allocentric axis?
Altered cerebellum functional network on newly diagnosed drug-naïve Parkinson’s disease patients with anxiety
Altered Intrinsic Regional Spontaneous Brain Activity in Patients With Severe Obesity and Meibomian Gland Dysfunction: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Relationship between self-defeating humor and the Gray matter volume in the orbital frontal cortex: the moderating effect of divergent thinking.
Alterations of Interhemispheric Functional Connectivity and Degree Centrality in Cervical Dystonia: A Resting-State fMRI Study
An fMRI study of English and Spanish word reading in bilingual adults.
Mean and variability in functional brain activations differentially predict executive function in older adults: an investigation employing functional near-infrared spectroscopy
"The relationship between recent PTSD secondary to sexual assault, hippocampal volume and resting state functional connectivity in adolescent girls"
Safety of MRI in the localization of implanted intracranial electrodes for refractory epilepsy.
Neural substrates of defensive reactivity in two subtypes of specific phobia.
Brain Volume Correlates with Duration of Abstinence from Substance Abuse in a Region-Specific and Substance-Specific Manner.
Repetitive Transcranial Electrical Stimulation Induces Quantified Changes in Resting Cerebral Perfusion Measured from Arterial Spin Labeling
Geometric distortion assessment in 3T MR images used for treatment planning in cranial Stereotactic Radiosurgery and Radiotherapy
Reduced synchronized brain activity in schizophrenia during viewing of comedy movies
Alterations in functional networks during cue-reactivity in Internet gaming disorder
Basic taste processing recruits bilateral anteroventral and middle dorsal insulae: An activation likelihood estimation meta‐analysis of fMRI studies
Atypical Relationships Between Neurofunctional Features of Print-Sound Integration and Reading Abilities in Chinese Children With Dyslexia
Anterior cingulate cortex differently modulates frontoparietal functional connectivity between resting‐state and working memory tasks
The role of maternal BMI on brain food cue reactivity in children: a preliminary study.
Intrinsic brain functional connectivity patterns in alcohol use disorder
The Neurobiology of Personal Control During Reward Learning and Its Relationship to Mood
Alterations of Functional Connectivity in Stroke Patients With Basal Ganglia Damage and Cognitive Impairment
Dynamic fronto‐amygdalar interactions underlying emotion‐regulation deficits in women at higher weight
Emotion-Related Visual Mismatch Responses in Schizophrenia: Impairments and Correlations with Emotion Recognition
The neural determinants of beauty.
Exosomal miR-1202 mediates Brodmann Area 44 functional connectivity changes in medication-free patients with major depressive disorder: An fMRI study.
Frequency-dependent alterations in regional homogeneity associated with puberty hormones in girls with central precocious puberty: A resting-state fMRI study.
Nicotinic Acetylcholine Receptor Density in Cognitively Intact Subjects at an Early Stage of Parkinson’s Disease
Multilobar unilateral hypoplasia with emphasis on the posterior quadrant and severe epilepsy in children with FCD ILAE Type 1A.
Performance Level and Cortical Atrophy Modulate the Neural Response to Increasing Working Memory Load in Younger and Older Adults
Association of white matter volume with sleep quality: a voxel-based morphometry study.
Low thalamic activity during a digit-symbol substitution task is associated with symptoms of subjective cognitive decline
Mathematical Logic in the Human Brain: Syntax
Altered Spontaneous Brain Activity Patterns and Functional Connectivity in Adults With Intermittent Exotropia: A Resting-State fMRI Study
"Autobiographical memories, identity disturbance and brain functioning in patients with borderline personality disorder: An fMRI study"
Differentiating implicit and explicit theory of mind and associated neural networks in youth at Clinical High Risk (CHR) for psychosis.
The Influence of verbalization on the pattern of cortical activation during mental arithmetic
Speaking in gestures: Left dorsal and ventral frontotemporal brain systems underlie communication in conducting.
Cerebral areas affected by unilateral acupuncture on SP3 in healthy volunteers: An explorative resting‐state fMRI study
Do Empathic Individuals Behave More Prosocially? Neural Correlates for Altruistic Behavior in the Dictator Game and the Dark Side of Empathy
Striatal dopamine in anhedonia: A simultaneous [C]raclopride positron emission tomography and functional magnetic resonance imaging investigation.
The buildup of an urge in obsessive–compulsive disorder: Behavioral and neuroimaging correlates
Fairy Tales versus Facts: Genre Matters to the Developing Brain.
"Quantitative relations between BOLD responses, cortical energetics and impulse firing across cortical depth."
Chronotype Modulates Language Processing-Related Cerebral Activity during Functional MRI (fMRI)
A Real-World Observation of Antipsychotic Effects on Brain Volumes and Intrinsic Brain Activity in Schizophrenia
Embedded word priming elicits enhanced fMRI responses in the visual word form area
Heightened Responses of the Parahippocampal and Retrosplenial Cortices during Contextualized Recognition of Congruent Objects
Altered Structural and Functional Connectivity of Juvenile Myoclonic Epilepsy: An fMRI Study
Dynamic Altered Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuations in Patients With Major Depressive Disorder
"Physiological, behavioral and subjective sadness reactivity in frontotemporal dementia subtypes"
Modulations of the executive control network by stimulus onset asynchrony in a Stroop task
To lie or to tell the truth? The influence of processing the opponent’s feedback on the forthcoming choice
Brain network functional connectivity changes in patients with anterior knee pain: a resting-state fMRI exploratory study
The Motivation-Based Promotion of Proactive Control: The Role of Salience Network
Positive autobiographical memory retrieval reduces temporal discounting
Early cerebral volume reductions and their associations with reduced lupus disease activity in patients with newly-diagnosed systemic lupus erythematosus
Altered brain activity in the bilateral frontal cortices and neural correlation with cognitive impairment in schizophrenia.
Cognitive Control System Gates Insula Processing of Affective Stimuli in Early Psychosis
Attentional deployment training impacts neural responses to subsequent regret.
Effects of Cortisol Administration on Resting-State Functional Connectivity in Women with Depression.
Dynamic alterations of amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations in patients with chronic neck pain
Functional connectivity in category-selective brain networks after encoding predicts subsequent memory.
On the brain struggles to recognize basic facial emotions with face masks: an fMRI study
Gray Matter Volume of a Region in the Thalamic Pulvinar Is Specifically Associated with Novelty Seeking
7T MRI in focal epilepsy with unrevealing conventional field strength imaging.
Examining Neural Plasticity for Slip-Perturbation Training: An fMRI Study
Optical Mapping of Brain Activation and Connectivity in Occipitotemporal Cortex During Chinese Character Recognition.
The association of markers of cerebral small vessel disease and brain atrophy with incidence and course of depressive symptoms - the maastricht study.
Where and how our brain represents the temporal structure of observed action
Social Buffering Effects during Craft Activities in Parallel Group Session Revealed by EEG Analysis and Parasympathetic Activity
Effect of Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation on the Right Superior Temporal Gyrus for Severe Aphasia Caused by Damage to the Left Inferior Frontal Gyrus
Associating Multimodal Neuroimaging Abnormalities With the Transcriptome and Neurotransmitter Signatures in Schizophrenia.
Relationship between ambient light and glucose metabolism in healthy subjects
Age-related differences in the neural bases of phonological and semantic processes in the context of task-irrelevant information
Functional and Brain Activation Changes Following Specialized Upper-Limb Exercise in Parkinson’s Disease
Learning to play badminton altered resting-state activity and functional connectivity of the cerebellar sub-regions in adults
Prolonged Longitudinal Transcutaneous Auricular Vagus Nerve Stimulation Effect on Striatal Functional Connectivity in Patients with Major Depressive Disorder
Impact of a multidomain lifestyle intervention on regional spontaneous brain activity
White matter tract signatures of impaired social cognition in frontotemporal lobar degeneration
Impaired voice processing in reward and salience circuits predicts social communication in children with autism
Altered gray matter volumes and plasma IL-6 level in major depressive disorder patients with suicidal ideation
Integrative learning for population of dynamic networks with covariates
Comparison of the effects of risperidone and haloperidol on regional cerebral blood flow in schizophrenia.
Written sentence context effects on acoustic-phonetic perception: fMRI reveals cross-modal semantic-perceptual interactions.
The Role of the Ventromedial Prefrontal Cortex in Purchase Intent Among Older Adults
Differences in Early Stages of Tactile ERP Temporal Sequence (P100) in Cortical Organization during Passive Tactile Stimulation in Children with Blindness and Controls
The lateral intraparietal sulcus takes viewpoint changes into account during memory-guided attention in natural scenes
Aberrant Intraregional Brain Activity and Functional Connectivity in Patients With Diarrhea-Predominant Irritable Bowel Syndrome
Visual cortical regions show sufficient test-retest reliability while salience regions are unreliable during emotional face processing.
Enhancing Innovation and Underlying Neural Mechanisms Via Cognitive Training in Healthy Older Adults
Expertise influences congruency monitoring during action observation at the motor level
Hostile Attribution Bias Mediates the Relationship Between Structural Variations in the Left Middle Frontal Gyrus and Trait Angry Rumination
Neurocognitive Signatures of Naturalistic Reading of Scientific Texts: A Fixation-Related fMRI Study
Atypical Dorsolateral Prefrontal Activity in Female Adolescents With Conduct Disorder During Effortful Emotion Regulation
Looking up to virtue: averting gaze facilitates moral construals via posteromedial activations
Morphological Changes of Frontal Areas in Male Individuals With HIV: A Deformation-Based Morphometry Analysis
Stimulus arousal drives amygdalar responses to emotional expressions across sensory modalities
Abnormal Regional Homogeneity in Patients With Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder and Their Unaffected Siblings: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Mechanisms of change: effects of repetitive exposure to feared stimuli on the brain's fear network.
Spatial attention modulates earliest visual processing: An electrical neuroimaging study
Disrupted Spontaneous Neural Activity and Its Interaction With Pain and Emotion in Temporomandibular Disorders
Neural Correlates of Math Gains Vary Depending on Parental Socioeconomic Status (SES)
Differences in Gray Matter Volume in Cerebral Small Vessel Disease Patients with and without Sleep Disturbance
"Structural inequities contribute to racial/ethnic differences in neurophysiological tone, but not threat reactivity, after trauma exposure"
The role of the left and right inferior frontal gyrus in processing metaphoric and unrelated co-speech gestures.
Assessing cognitive control and the reward system in overweight young adults using sensitivity to incentives and white matter integrity
"Trust in information, political identity and the brain: an interdisciplinary fMRI study"
The same cortico-efferent tract involvement in progressive bulbar palsy and in ‘classical’ ALS: A tract of interest-based MRI study
"A neural network underlying cognitive strategies related to eating, weight and body image concerns"
Structural and Functional Abnormalities in Knee Osteoarthritis Pain Revealed With Multimodal Magnetic Resonance Imaging
"More restriction, more overeating: conflict monitoring ability is impaired by food-thought suppression among restrained eaters."
Cardiorespiratory fitness is associated with fMRI signal in right cerebellum lobule VIIa Crus I and II during spatial navigation in older adult women
Emotional anticipation after delivery – a longitudinal neuroimaging study of the postpartum period
"Resting state functional connectivity in the default mode network: Relationships between cannabis use, gender, and cognition in adolescents and young adults"
Differential neural sensitivity to social inclusion and exclusion in adolescents in foster care
Effect of aging on the cerebral metabolic mechanism of electroacupuncture treatment in rats with traumatic brain injury
Decreased beta‐band activity in left supramarginal gyrus reflects cognitive decline: Evidence from a large clinical dataset in patients with dementia
Modulation effects of different treatments on periaqueductal gray resting state functional connectivity in knee osteoarthritis knee pain patients
Ventral Attention Network Correlates With High Traits of Emotion Dysregulation in Community Women — A Resting-State EEG Study
Social brain networks: Resting-state and task-based connectivity in youth with and without epilepsy.
Mirror neuron therapy for hemispatial neglect patients
Arterial spin labeling provides a reliable neurobiological marker of autism spectrum disorder
Serotonin-1A receptor C-1019G polymorphism affects brain functional networks
Altered Functional Network Connectivity of Precuneus and Executive Control Networks in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Without Cognitive Impairment
Duration of Untreated Psychosis Is Associated with Temporal and Occipitotemporal Gray Matter Volume Decrease in Treatment Naïve Schizophrenia
Regional gray matter volume is associated with trait modesty: Evidence from voxel-based morphometry
"Regional increases of cortical thickness in untreated, first-episode major depressive disorder"
Dynamic Content Reactivation Supports Naturalistic Autobiographical Recall in Humans
Impaired Frontal-Basal Ganglia Connectivity in Adolescents with Internet Addiction
Characterization of Genomic Variants Associated with Scout and Recruit Behavioral Castes in Honey Bees Using Whole-Genome Sequencing
MEG Responses to the Perception of Global Structure within Glass Patterns
Neural Network Connectivity During Post-encoding Rest: Linking Episodic Memory Encoding and Retrieval
Choroid plexus volume as a marker of retinal atrophy in relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis.
Heavy Drinking in College Students Is Associated with Accelerated Gray Matter Volumetric Decline over a 2 Year Period
Posterior Cortical Atrophy: Does Complaint Match the Impairment? A Neuropsychological and FDG-PET Study
Aberrant brain connectivity is associated with childhood maltreatment in individuals with major depressive disorder.
The cumulative therapeutic effect of acupuncture in patients with migraine without aura: Evidence from dynamic alterations of intrinsic brain activity and effective connectivity
The interaction effect of high social support and resilience on functional connectivity using seed-based resting-state assessed by 7-Tesla ultra-high field MRI
Reduced activity and connectivity of left amygdala in patients with schizophrenia treated with clozapine or olanzapine
Involvement of amygdala–prefrontal dysfunction in the influence of negative emotion on the resolution of cognitive conflict in patients with schizophrenia
Desynchronized white matter function and structure in drug-naive first-episode major depressive disorder patients
Regional Specialization and Coordination Within the Network for Perceiving and Knowing About Others.
Human Brain Mapping of Visual Script Familiarity between Phonological and Logographic Language: 3 T Functional MRI Study
Have you been there before? Decoding recognition of spatial scenes from fMRI signals in precuneus
Machine learning analysis reveals abnormal functional network hubs in the primary angle-closure glaucoma patients
Neural correlates of free recall of “famous events” in a “hypermnestic” individual as compared to an age- and education-matched reference group
Individual variation underlying brain age estimates in typical development.
Neural functional architecture and modulation during decision making under uncertainty in individuals with generalized anxiety disorder
The effects of intranasal oxytocin on reward circuitry responses in children with autism spectrum disorder
Abnormal Functional Connectivity of Anterior Cingulate Cortex in Patients With Primary Insomnia: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
"Overstatement in happiness reporting with ordinal, bounded scale"
Impact of FAAH genetic variation on fronto-amygdala function during emotional processing.
Altered anticipatory brain responses in eating disorders: A neuroimaging meta‐analysis
Altered functional connectivity in first-episode and recurrent depression: A resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study
A reachable probability approach for the analysis of spatio-temporal dynamics in the human functional network.
Brain multimodal co-alterations related to delay discounting: a multimodal MRI fusion analysis in persons with and without cocaine use disorder
UNC13A polymorphism contributes to frontotemporal disease in sporadic amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Delay discounting is associated with the fractional amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations and resting-state functional connectivity in late adolescence
The brain basis of musicophilia: evidence from frontotemporal lobar degeneration
Functional cerebral asymmetry analyses reveal how the control system implements its flexibility.
A preliminary study of resting brain metabolism in treatment-resistant depression before and after treatment with olanzapine-fluoxetine combination
Cognitive and Emotional Empathy in Young Adolescents: an fMRI Study
Resting-state functional hypoconnectivity of amygdala in clinical high risk state and first-episode schizophrenia.
Dyslexia and voxel-based morphometry: correlations between five behavioural measures of dyslexia and gray and white matter volumes
Spatially Overlapping Regions Show Abnormal Thalamo-frontal Circuit and Abnormal Precuneus in Disorders of Consciousness.
Summary of recommendations for the management of infantile seizures: Task Force Report for the ILAE Commission of Pediatrics.
Rajyoga meditation induces grey matter volume changes in regions that process reward and happiness
The protective impact of education on brain structure and function in Alzheimer’s disease
"Trusting outgroup, but not ingroup members, requires control: neural and behavioral evidence"
How resource sharing resists scarcity: the role of cognitive empathy and its neurobiological mechanisms
Reward-related neural correlates of early life stress in school-aged children
Effective Connectivity Study Guiding the Neuromodulation Intervention in Figurative Language Comprehension Using Optical Neuroimaging
Impaired Right Temporoparietal Junction-Hippocampus Connectivity in Schizophrenia and Its Relevance for Generating Representations of Other Minds.
Gray matter reduction is associated with cognitive dysfunction in depressed patients comorbid with subclinical hypothyroidism
Sex moderates family history of alcohol use disorder and childhood maltreatment effects on an fMRI stop‐signal task
Cerebral Hemodynamic Correlates of Transcutaneous Auricular Vagal Nerve Stimulation in Consciousness Restoration: An Open-Label Pilot Study
Abnormal degree centrality values as a potential imaging biomarker for major depressive disorder: A resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study and support vector machine analysis
Noradrenergic correlates of chronic cocaine craving: neuromelanin and functional brain imaging
Mechanical property alterations across the cerebral cortex due to Alzheimer’s disease
Suppressing Emotions Impairs Subsequent Stroop Performance and Reduces Prefrontal Brain Activation
Differential neural reward reactivity in response to food advertising medium in children
Altered Spontaneous Brain Activity in Poststroke Aphasia: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Task Performance Changes the Amplitude and Timing of the BOLD Signal
Children’s neurodevelopment of reading is affected by China’s language input system in the information era
Structural and Functional Brain Alterations in End Stage Renal Disease Patients on Routine Hemodialysis: A Voxel-Based Morphometry and Resting State Functional Connectivity Study
The effect of object processing in content-dependent source memory
Exogenous testosterone administration is associated with differential neural response to unfamiliar peer’s and own caregiver’s voice in transgender adolescents
Temporal lobe epilepsy with amygdala enlargement: a morphologic and functional study.
An fMRI study of concreteness effects in spoken word recognition
Inhibitory framing in hypersexual patients with Parkinson’s disease. An fMRI pilot study
Feature and decision-level fusion for schizophrenia detection based on resting-state fMRI data
Your smile won’t affect me: Association between childhood maternal antipathy and adult neural reward function in a transdiagnostic sample
Adaptive neuroplasticity in the default mode network contributing to absence of central sensitization in primary dysmenorrhea
Distinct activated cortical areas and volumes in Uygur-Chinese bilinguals
Abnormal Brain Activity in Social Reward Learning in Children with Autism Spectrum Disorder: An fMRI Study
Investigating functional brain connectivity patterns associated with two hypnotic states
Intrinsic Default Mode Network Connectivity Predicts Spontaneous Verbal Descriptions of Autobiographical Memories during Social Processing
Predicting Empathy From Resting State Brain Connectivity: A Multivariate Approach
Anatomical Correlates of Non-Verbal Perception in Dementia Patients
Risk‐taking in the human brain: An activation likelihood estimation meta‐analysis of the balloon analog risk task (BART)
Gender differences in brain response to infant emotional faces
Spatial patterns of intrinsic brain activity in rats with capsular stroke
Altered Pain Processing Associated with Administration of Dopamine Agonist and Antagonist in Healthy Volunteers
Identifying the neural marker of chronic sciatica using multimodal neuroimaging and machine learning analyses
A comparative study of amplitude of low-frequence fluctuation of resting-state fMRI between the younger and older treatment-resistant depression in adults
Depression in patients with SAPHO syndrome and its relationship with brain activity and connectivity
Diffusion tensor imaging and tractography of distal peripheral nerves at 3 T.
"Serotonin 2A Receptors, Citalopram and Tryptophan-Depletion: a Multimodal Imaging Study of their Interactions During Response Inhibition"
Distinct neural substrates of visuospatial and verbal-analytic reasoning as assessed by Raven’s Advanced Progressive Matrices
ITI-007 demonstrates brain occupancy at serotonin 5-HT₂A and dopamine D₂ receptors and serotonin transporters using positron emission tomography in healthy volunteers.
Disrupted Regional Cerebral Blood Flow and Functional Connectivity in Pontine Infarction: A Longitudinal MRI Study
Functional and Structural Plasticity of Brain in Elite Karate Athletes
Social behaviors and gray matter volumes of brain areas supporting social cognition in children and adolescents with prenatal alcohol exposure.
Neurofeedback and neuroplasticity of visual self-processing in depressed and healthy adolescents: A preliminary study.
Correlation Between the Wechsler Adult Intelligence Scale- 3rd Edition Metrics and Brain Structure in Healthy Individuals: A Whole-Brain Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Abnormal Network Homogeneity in the Right Superior Medial Frontal Gyrus in Cervical Dystonia
Enhanced activity of the left precuneus as a predictor of visuospatial dysfunction correlates with disease activity in rheumatoid arthritis
Functional connectivity of the visual cortex in chronic migraine before and after medication withdrawal therapy
Functional topography of a distributed neural system for spatial and nonspatial information maintenance in working memory.
Atypical social cognition processing in bulimia nervosa: an fMRI study of patients thinking of others’ mental states
Baseline Functional Connectivity Features of Neural Network Nodes Can Predict Improvement After Sound Therapy Through Adjusted Narrow Band Noise in Tinnitus Patients
Occupational attainment influences longitudinal decline in behavioral variant frontotemporal degeneration.
Methadone maintenance treatment alters couplings of default mode and salience networks in individuals with heroin use disorder: A longitudinal self-controlled resting-state fMRI study
Neural correlates of NOS1 ex1f-VNTR allelic variation in panic disorder and agoraphobia during fear conditioning and extinction in fMRI
Evidence of graphomotor dysfunction in children with dyslexia: A combined behavioural and fMRI experiment.
Activity Strength within Optic Flow-Sensitive Cortical Regions Is Associated with Visual Path Integration Accuracy in Aged Adults
Inverse Effects of Oxytocin on Attributing Mental Activity to Others in Depressed and Healthy Subjects: A Double-Blind Placebo Controlled fMRI Study
"Categorization for Faces and Tools—Two Classes of Objects Shaped by Different Experience—Differs in Processing Timing, Brain Areas Involved, and Repetition Effects"
Altered Hypothalamic Functional Connectivity Following Total Sleep Deprivation in Young Adult Males
The iconography of mourning and its neural correlates: a functional neuroimaging study
Game-based learning environments affect frontal brain activity
Transcranial focused ultrasound stimulation of cortical and thalamic somatosensory areas in human
When two are better than one: Bilateral mesial temporal lobe contributions associated with better vocabulary skills in children and adolescents.
Characterization of Hemodynamic Alterations in Schizophrenia and Bipolar Disorder and Their Effect on Resting-State fMRI Functional Connectivity.
Common gray and white matter abnormalities in schizophrenia and bipolar disorder
Dysfunction of Affective Network in Post Ischemic Stroke Depression: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
An Investigation of the Differences and Similarities between Generated Small-World Networks for Right- and Left-Hand Motor Imageries
Asymmetric Gray Matter Volume Changes Associated with Epilepsy Duration and Seizure Frequency in Temporal-Lobe-Epilepsy Patients with Favorable Surgical Outcome
Neural correlates of behavioral variation in healthy adults' antisaccade performance.
Distinct resting-state functional connectivity patterns of Anterior Insula affected by smoking in mild cognitive impairment
Altered Brainstem Pain-Modulation Circuitry Connectivity During Spontaneous Pain Intensity Fluctuations
Links between parental depression and longitudinal changes in youths' neural sensitivity to rewards.
Longitudinal changes in cortical responses to letter-speech sound stimuli in 8–11 year-old children
Social Cognition as Reinforcement Learning: Feedback Modulates Emotion Inference.
Dimensional Affective Processing in BD.
ALE meta‐analysis reveals dissociable networks for affective and discriminative aspects of touch
"Cortical Activation during Action Observation, Action Execution, and Interpersonal Synchrony in Adults: A functional Near-Infrared Spectroscopy (fNIRS) Study"
Neurophysiological and BOLD signal uncoupling of giant somatosensory evoked potentials in progressive myoclonic epilepsy: a case-series study
Cerebral Activity Changes in Different Traditional Chinese Medicine Patterns of Psychogenic Erectile Dysfunction Patients
"Grief, Mindfulness and Neural Predictors of Improvement in Family Dementia Caregivers"
Gender differences in brain activity when exposed to cyberbullying: Associations between wellbeing and cyberbullying experience using functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging
Tumor grade-related language and control network reorganization in patients with left cerebral glioma.
Regional Gray Matter Volume Is Associated with Restrained Eating in Healthy Chinese Young Adults: Evidence from Voxel-Based Morphometry
Intrinsic brain network alterations in non-clinical adults with a history of childhood trauma
Cerebral glucose metabolism in bipolar disorder: A voxel‐based meta‐analysis of positron emission tomography studies
Individual variability of olfactory fMRI in normosmia and olfactory dysfunction
Neuroepigenetic impact on mentalizing in childhood
Neural Circuitry of Impulsivity in a Cigarette Craving Paradigm
Decoding the silence: Neural bases of zero pronoun resolution in Chinese.
Involvement of the dentate nucleus in the pathophysiology of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis: A multi-center and multi-modal neuroimaging study
Gradual Loss of Social Group Support during Competition Activates Anterior TPJ and Insula but Deactivates Default Mode Network
Demonstration of chewing-related areas in the brain via functional magnetic resonance imaging
Brain correlates of pro-social personality traits: a voxel-based morphometry study.
"Children’s syntax is supported by the maturation of BA44 at 4 years, but of the posterior STS at 3 years of age"
Scalp acupuncture regulates functional connectivity of cerebral hemispheres in patients with hemiplegia after stroke
Abnormal functional connectivity of the intrinsic networks in adolescent bipolar I versus bipolar II disorder.
Dysfunctions associated with the intraparietal sulcus and a distributed network in individuals with math learning difficulties: An ALE meta‐analysis
Numeric aspects in pitch identification: an fMRI study
Neural Correlates Underlying Social-Cue-Induced Value Change
White matter integrity as a predictor of response to treatment in first episode psychosis
The effect of jet lag on the human brain: A neuroimaging study
Recover from the adversity: functional connectivity basis of psychological resilience.
Association Between Antidepressant Efficacy and Interactions of Three Core Depression-Related Brain Networks in Major Depressive Disorder
The role of voxel-based morphometry in the detection of cortical dysplasia within the temporal pole in patients with intractable mesial temporal lobe epilepsy.
APOE and modulation of Alzheimer's and frontotemporal dementia.
Filtering and storage working memory networks in younger and older age
Aberrant stability of brain functional architecture in cirrhotic patients with minimal hepatic encephalopathy.
Disrupted functional connectivity of the striatum in patients with diffuse axonal injury: a resting-state functional MRI study
Microstructural damage pattern of vascular cognitive impairment: a comparison between moyamoya disease and cerebrovascular atherosclerotic disease
Progressive Prefrontal Cortex Dysfunction in Parkinson's Disease With Probable REM Sleep Behavior Disorder: A 3-Year Longitudinal Study
The contribution of integrated 3D model analysis to Protoaurignacian stone tool design
Sexual trauma history is associated with reduced orbitofrontal network strength in substance-dependent women
Self-compassion and neural activity during self-appraisals in depressed and healthy adolescents.
"Loss, gain and choice difficulty in gambling patients: Neural and behavioural processes"
The neural and molecular basis of working memory function in psychosis: a multimodal PET-fMRI study
"Seasonal variations in diet composition, diet breadth and dietary overlap between three commercially important fish species within a flood-pulse system: The Tonle Sap Lake (Cambodia)"
Age-typical changes in neural reward response are moderated by maternal anhedonia.
FDG-PET hypermetabolism is associated with higher tau-PET in mild cognitive impairment at low amyloid-PET levels
Aberrant Topological Properties of Brain Functional Network in Children with Obstructive Sleep Apnea Derived from Resting-State fMRI.
Identifying and distinguishing of essential tremor and Parkinson’s disease with grouped stability analysis based on searchlight-based MVPA
Effect of blast-related mTBI on the working memory system: a resting state fMRI study.
Neurocognitive Development of the Resolution of Selective Visuo-Spatial Attention: Functional MRI Evidence From Object Tracking
Brain Dynamics Underlying Cognitive Flexibility Across the Lifespan.
Substantia nigra iron affects functional connectivity networks modifying working memory performance in younger adults.
The Effect of CO2 on Resting-State Functional Connectivity: Isocapnia vs. Poikilocapnia
Dynamics of prefrontal and cingulate activity during a reward-based logical deduction task.
The cerebellum and cognition: further evidence for its role in language control.
"Gaming behavior and brain activation using functional near‐infrared spectroscopy, Iowa gambling task, and machine learning techniques"
Multimodal canonical correlation reveals converging neural circuitry across trauma-related disorders of affect and cognition
Thalamic network under wakefulness after sleep onset and its coupling with daytime fatigue in insomnia disorder: An EEG-fMRI study.
Increased Reward-Related Activation in the Ventral Striatum During Stress Exposure Associated With Positive Affect in the Daily Life of Young Adults With a Family History of Depression. Preliminary Findings
Neural spatio-temporal patterns of information processing related to cognitive conflict and correct or false recognitions
Functional neuroanatomy of English word reading in early bilingual and monolingual adults
White Matter Changes in Posttraumatic Stress Disorder Following Mild Traumatic Brain Injury: A Prospective Longitudinal Diffusion Tensor Imaging Study
Aberrant brain functional hubs and causal effective connectivity in menstrually-related and non-menstrually-related migraine without aura
"Detection of Simulated Tactile Gratings by Electro-Static Friction Show a Dependency on Bar Width for Blind and Sighted Observers, and Preliminary Neural Correlates in Sighted Observers"
Abnormal degree centrality in first-episode medication-free adolescent depression at rest: A functional magnetic resonance imaging study and support vector machine analysis
Investigating the spontaneous brain activities of patients with subjective cognitive decline and mild cognitive impairment: an amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Empathy in Females With Autism Spectrum Disorder
Resting-state brain metabolic fingerprinting clusters (biomarkers) and predictive models for major depression in multiple myeloma patients
Altered regional homogeneity in patients with diabetic vitreous hemorrhage
A Longitudinal Multimodal Neuroimaging Study to Examine Relationships Between Resting State Glutamate and Task Related BOLD Response in Schizophrenia
Articulation-Function-Associated Cortical Developmental Changes in Patients with Cleft Lip and Palate
Retinotopic patterns of background connectivity between V1 and fronto-parietal cortex are modulated by task demands
Alterations in Resting-State Functional Brain Connectivity and Correlations with Vestibular/Ocular-Motor Screening Measures in Postconcussion Vestibular Dysfunction.
Pre-Surgery Cognitive Performance and Voxel-Based Lesion-Symptom Mapping in Patients with Left High-Grade Glioma
The Similarity Between Chinese Five-Pattern and Eysenck’s Personality Traits: Evidence From Theory and Resting-State fMRI
Neural basis of processing threatening voices in a crowded auditory world.
Structural and functional neural correlates of self-reported attachment in healthy adults: evidence for an amygdalar involvement.
Longitudinal changes in qualitative aspects of semantic fluency in presymptomatic and prodromal genetic frontotemporal dementia
The zero effect: voxel-based lesion symptom mapping of number transcoding errors following stroke
Regional brain volume predicts response to methylphenidate treatment in individuals with ADHD
Executive dysfunction in early stages of Huntington's disease is associated with striatal and insular atrophy: a neuropsychological and voxel-based morphometric study.
Eyes on words: A fixation-related fMRI study of the left occipito-temporal cortex during self-paced silent reading of words and pseudowords
Brain Activation During Processing of Depression Emotion in College Students With Premenstrual Syndrome in China: Preliminary Findings
Dysconnectivity of Multiple Resting-State Networks Associated With Higher-Order Functions in Sensorineural Hearing Loss
Altered Spontaneous Brain Activity Related to Neurologic and Sleep Dysfunction in Children With Obstructive Sleep Apnea Syndrome
Reduced reward‐related neural response to mimicry in individuals with autism
Neural correlates of gender congruence in audiovisual commercials for gender-targeted products: An fMRI study.
Enduring effect of abuse: Childhood maltreatment links to altered theory of mind network among adults
"Pain, But Not Physical Activity, Is Associated with Gray Matter Volume Differences in Gulf War Veterans with Chronic Pain."
A pilot study exploring the association of morphological changes with 5-HTTLPR polymorphism in OCD patients
Functional dissociation of ventral frontal and dorsomedial default mode network components during resting state and emotional autobiographical recall
Theory of Mind Following the Violation of Strong and Weak Prior Beliefs.
Age differences in medial prefrontal activity for subsequent memory of truth value
Psychosis spectrum symptoms among individuals with schizophrenia-associated copy number variants and evidence of cerebellar correlates of symptom severity.
White Matter Neuroplasticity: Motor Learning Activates the Internal Capsule and Reduces Hemodynamic Response Variability
Positive and negative prediction error signals to violated expectations of face and place stimuli distinctively activate FFA and PPA.
Distinct Functional Connectivities Predict Clinical Response with Emotion Regulation Therapy
Effects of Cognitive Training in Mild Cognitive Impairmentmeasured by Resting State Functional Imaging
Association of FKBP5 polymorphisms and resting-state activity in a frontotemporal–parietal network
"Nx4 Modulated Resting-State Functional Connectivity Between Amygdala and Prefrontal Cortex in a Placebo-Controlled, Crossover Trial"
Brain Morphological Changes With Functional Deficit Associated With Sexual Arousal in Postmenopausal Women
Tracking the dynamic functional connectivity structure of the human brain across the adult lifespan.
GABAergic inhibition shapes behavior and neural dynamics in human visual working memory
Post-Training Sleep Modulates Topographical Relearning-Dependent Resting State Activity
Increased Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuation in Right Angular Gyrus and Left Superior Occipital Gyrus Negatively Correlated With Heroin Use
fNIRS Optodes’ Location Decider (fOLD): a toolbox for probe arrangement guided by brain regions-of-interest
The Brain’s Response to the Human Voice Depends on the Incidence of Autistic Traits in the General Population
Abnormal static and dynamic functional network connectivity in stable chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
The Neural Correlates of Positive Versus Negative Thought-action Fusion in Healthy Young Adults
A functional MRI investigation of crossmodal interference in an audiovisual Stroop task
Resting-state functional connectivity of the bed nucleus of the stria terminalis in post-traumatic stress disorder and its dissociative subtype.
Brain structural and functional substrates of ADGRL3 (latrophilin 3) haplotype in attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder
Neural reward response to substance-free activity images in opiate use disorder patients with depressive symptoms.
Resting state default mode network is associated with wise advising
Hyperconnectivity between the posterior cingulate and middle frontal and temporal gyrus in depression: Based on functional connectivity meta-analyses.
Age-related differences in interference control in the context of a finger-lifting task: an fMRI study
Learning to read Chinese promotes two cortico-subcortical pathways: The development of thalamo-occipital and fronto-striatal circuits
Subcortical Local Functional Hyperconnectivity in Cannabis Dependence.
A multimodal imaging study of recognition memory in very preterm born adults
Resting-state functional connectivity changes due to acute and short-term valproic acid administration in the baboon model of GGE
Combined fractional anisotropy and subcortical volumetric abnormalities in healthy immigrants to high altitude: A longitudinal study.
Effect of the Green/Blue Flicker Matrix for P300-Based Brain–Computer Interface: An EEG–fMRI Study
Patient specific prediction of temporal lobe epilepsy surgical outcomes.
Altered resting-state cerebellar-cerebral functional connectivity in patients with end-stage renal disease
Ventral Visual Pathway-Cerebellar Circuit Deficits in Alcohol Dependence: Long- and Short-Range Functional Connectivity Density Study
Emotion reactivity-related brain network analysis in generalized anxiety disorder: a task fMRI study
Neural correlates of lower limbs proprioception: An fMRI study of foot position matching.
Grey Matter Microstructural Integrity Alterations in Blepharospasm Are Partially Reversed by Botulinum Neurotoxin Therapy
Altered functional connectivity of brain regions based on a meta‐analysis in patients with T2DM: A resting‐state fMRI study
The relationship between cognitive ability and BOLD activation across sleep-wake states.
The feasibility of white matter volume reduction analysis using SPM8 plus DARTEL for the diagnosis of patients with clinically diagnosed corticobasal syndrome and Richardson’s syndrome
Implicit and Explicit Contributions to Object Recognition: Evidence from Rapid Perceptual Learning
Music Therapy Using Singing Training Improves Psychomotor Speed in Patients with Alzheimer's Disease: A Neuropsychological and fMRI Study
Visuospatial short-term and working memory disturbance in the primary progressive aphasias: Neuroanatomical and clinical implications.
Where arithmetic and phonology meet: The meta-analytic convergence of arithmetic and phonological processing in the brain
Self-evaluation in schizophrenia: an fMRI study with implications for the understanding of insight
Altered intrinsic brain activity and connectivity in unaffected parents of individuals with autism spectrum disorder: a resting-state fMRI study
Automated Extraction of Human Functional Brain Network Properties Associated with Working Memory Load through a Machine Learning-Based Feature Selection Algorithm
Neural correlates of the improvement of cognitive performance resulting from enhanced sense of competence: A magnetoencephalography study
Heterogeneity of EEG resting-state brain networks in absolute pitch.
The influence of prior intention on joint action: an fNIRS-based hyperscanning study
Cognitive Control Network Homogeneity and Executive Functions in Late-Life Depression.
Altered intrinsic functional brain architecture in patients with functional constipation: a surface-based network study
"fMRI data from Korean, Chinese and English subjects in a word rhyming judgment task"
"Cue reactivity and opioid blockade in amphetamine dependence: A randomized, controlled fMRI study."
Neural correlates of transitive and intransitive action imitation: An investigation using voxel-based morphometry
Structural Brain Changes Following Left Temporal Low-Frequency rTMS in Patients with Subjective Tinnitus
Attending to What and Where: Background Connectivity Integrates Categorical and Spatial Attention.
Communicative And Affective Components in Processing Auditory Vitality Forms: An fMRI Study
Potential neuropsychological mechanism involved in the transition from suicide ideation to action – a resting-state fMRI study implicating the insula
Individual differences in sustained attention are associated with cortical thickness.
The NIMH Intramural Longitudinal Study of the Endocrine and Neurobiological Events Accompanying Puberty: Protocol and rationale for methods and measures.
Temporal Dynamic Alterations of Regional Homogeneity in Parkinson’s Disease: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Functional magnetic resonance imaging mirrors recovery of visual perception after repetitive tachistoscopic stimulation in patients with partial cortical blindness.
Hippocampal volume correlates with attenuated negative psychotic symptoms irrespective of antidepressant medication
Abnormal deactivation of the inferior frontal gyrus during implicit emotion processing in youth with bipolar disorder: Attenuated by medication
Nonsymbolic Numerosity Maps at the Occipitotemporal Cortex Respond to Symbolic Numbers
Volitional down-regulation of the primary auditory cortex via directed attention mediated by real-time fMRI neurofeedback
The Role of Brain Activity in Characterizing Successful Reading Intervention in Children With Dyslexia
Abnormal Dynamics of Functional Connectivity Density Associated With Chronic Neck Pain
Macrostructural and Microstructural White Matter Alterations Are Associated with Apathy across the Clinical Alzheimer’s Disease Spectrum
A Longitudinal Study of Hand Motor Recovery after Sub-Acute Stroke: A Study Combined fMRI with Diffusion Tensor Imaging
The role of left vs. right superior temporal gyrus in speech perception: An fMRI-guided TMS study.
The additive effect of late-life depression and olfactory dysfunction on the risk of dementia was mediated by hypersynchronization of the hippocampus/fusiform gyrus
Neural correlates of ataxia severity in spinocerebellar ataxia type 3/Machado-Joseph disease
The neural correlates of retrieval and procedural strategies in mental arithmetic: A functional neuroimaging meta‐analysis
Structural and Functional Brain Changes in Patients With Classic Trigeminal Neuralgia: A Combination of Voxel-Based Morphometry and Resting-State Functional MRI Study
Central network changes in patients with advanced monocular blindness: A voxel‐based morphometric study
"Risk-taking, peer-influence and child maltreatment: a neurocognitive investigation"
An Examination of Motivation to Change and Neural Alcohol Cue Reactivity Following a Brief Intervention
A little more conversation – the influence of communicative context on syntactic priming in brain and behavior
Resting-state functional connectivity in combat veterans suffering from impulsive aggression
The well-worn route revisited: Striatal and hippocampal system contributions to familiar route navigation.
The Neural Correlates of Face-Voice-Integration in Social Anxiety Disorder
Endogenous modulation of human visual cortex activity improves perception at twilight
LORETA Current Source Density for Duration Mismatch Negativity and Neuropsychological Assessment in Early Schizophrenia
Anatomical and Functional Connectivity of Critical Deep Brain Structures and Their Potential Clinical Application in Brain Stimulation
Anatomic Correlation of the Mini-Mental State Examination: A Voxel-Based Morphometric Study in Older Adults
Changes in Functional Connectivity Following Treatment With Emotion Regulation Therapy
Visual-Spatial and Verbal Remote Association: An fMRI Study
White matter fiber integrity of the saccadic eye movement network differs between schizophrenia and healthy groups.
"Effects of integrated hospital treatment on the default mode, salience, and frontal-parietal networks in anorexia nervosa: A longitudinal resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study"
Optimized voxel brain morphometry: association between brain volumes and the response to atypical antipsychotics.
"Comparing cognition, coping skills and vedic personality of individuals practicing yoga, physical exercise or sedentary lifestyle: a cross-sectional fMRI study"
Dynamic vagal-mediated connectivity of cortical and subcortical central autonomic hubs predicts chronotropic response to submaximal exercise in healthy adults.
Abnormal neurite density and orientation dispersion in unilateral temporal lobe epilepsy detected by advanced diffusion imaging
"Mechanisms of functional compensation, delineated by eigenvector centrality mapping, across the pathophysiological continuum of Alzheimer’s disease"
Behind the wheel: exploring gray matter variations in experienced drivers
Two types of mental fatigue affect spontaneous oscillatory brain activities in different ways
"Cannabis, Cigarettes, and Their Co-Occurring Use: Disentangling Differences in Gray Matter Volume"
Network Representations of Facial and Bodily Expressions: Evidence From Multivariate Connectivity Pattern Classification
Hemispheric lateralization of semantic processing before and after aripiprazole treatment in first-episode psychosis or ultra-high risk state
The words that little by little revealed everything: Neural response to lexical-semantic content during narrative comprehension.
F-FDG PET and a classifier algorithm reveal a characteristic glucose metabolic pattern in adult patients with moyamoya disease and vascular cognitive impairment.
Electroencephalography reflects the activity of sub-cortical brain regions during approach-withdrawal behaviour while listening to music
Alterations in resting‐state whole‐brain functional connectivity pattern similarity in bipolar disorder patients
Three weeks of exercise therapy altered brain functional connectivity in fibromyalgia inpatients
Chronic Childhood Peer Rejection is Associated with Heightened Neural Responses to Social Exclusion During Adolescence
Levodopa-induced modulation of subthalamic beta oscillations during self-paced movements in patients with Parkinson's disease.
Aberrant Changes in Cortical Complexity in Right-Onset Versus Left-Onset Parkinson’s Disease in Early-Stage
Can a Theater Acting Intervention Enhance Inhibitory Control in Older Adults? A Brain-Behavior Investigation
Regular Tai Chi Practice Is Associated With Improved Memory as Well as Structural and Functional Alterations of the Hippocampus in the Elderly
A Diffusion Tensor Imaging Study on the White Matter Structures Related to the Phonology in Cantonese–Mandarin Bilinguals
Auditory-visual speech perception examined by fMRI and PET.
Neural and behavioral correlates of negative self-focused thought associated with depression.
Structural and functional plasticity of the hippocampal formation in professional dancers and slackliners.
Social network size relates to developmental neural sensitivity to biological motion
Dopamine D2/3 Binding Potential Modulates Neural Signatures of Working Memory in a Load-Dependent Fashion
Behavioral and neural correlates of perceived and imagined musical timbre.
Reconciling psychological and neuroscientific accounts of reduced motivation in aging
Spatiotemporal Dynamics of Argument Retrieval and Reordering: An fMRI and EEG Study on Sentence Processing
Comparing the Impact of Laparoscopic Sleeve Gastrectomy and Gastric Cancer Surgery on Resting-State Brain Activity and Functional Connectivity
Altered brain network centrality in patients with late monocular blindness: a resting-state fMRI study
Neuroanatomical Correlates of Binge-Eating Behavior: At the Roots of Unstoppable Eating
Assessment of emissions and potential occupational exposure to carbon monoxide during biowaste composting
Virtual Reality Based Support System for Layout Planning and Programming of an Industrial Robotic Work Cell
Prosocial decision‐making under time pressure: Behavioral and neural mechanisms
Neural Dedifferentiation across the Lifespan in the Motor and Somatosensory Systems.
Primary angle-closure glaucomas disturb regional spontaneous brain activity in the visual pathway: an fMRI study
Quality of maternal behaviour during infancy predicts functional connectivity between default mode network and salience network 9 years later
Feedback from lateral occipital cortex to V1/V2 triggers object completion: Evidence from functional magnetic resonance imaging and dynamic causal modeling
Dorsal and ventral striatal functional connectivity shifts play a potential role in internet gaming disorder
The neural signatures of psychoses in Alzheimer’s disease: a neuroimaging genetics approach
Age differences in the neural response to emotional distraction during working memory encoding
Vicarious praise and pain: parental neural responses to social feedback about their adolescent child
Effects of APOE ε2 on the Fractional Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuation in Mild Cognitive Impairment: A Study Based on the Resting-State Functional MRI
S1 Brain Connectivity in Carpal Tunnel Syndrome Underlies Median Nerve and Functional Improvement Following Electro-Acupuncture
Learning from Ingroup Experiences Changes Intergroup Impressions.
Universal neural basis of structure building evidenced by network modulations emerging from Broca's area: The case of Chinese.
Dissociating executive function and ADHD influences on reading ability in children with dyslexia.
Static and Dynamic Changes of Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuations in Cervical Discogenic Pain
Decreased Triple Network Connectivity in Patients with Recent Onset Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder after a Single Prolonged Trauma Exposure
Multidisciplinary Rehabilitation is Efficacious and Induces Neural Plasticity in Multiple Sclerosis even when Complicated by Progressive Multifocal Leukoencephalopathy
The emerging neuroscience of social punishment: Meta-analytic evidence.
Distinct Neural Correlates of Linguistic and Non-Linguistic Demand
Regional homogeneity alterations of resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging of chronic rhinosinusitis with olfactory dysfunction
Breaking the Fear Barrier: Aberrant Activity of Fear Networks as a Prognostic Biomarker in Patients with Panic Disorder Normalized by Pharmacotherapy
Spatio-Temporal Neural Changes After Task-Switching Training in Old Age
Age‐related positive emotional reactivity decline associated with the anterior insula based resting‐state functional connectivity
Stable functional compensation within hippocampal-subregion networks in patients with temporal glioma before and after surgery
The acute effects of cannabidiol on the neural correlates of reward anticipation and feedback in healthy volunteers
White Matter Integrity Supports BOLD Signal Variability and Cognitive Performance in the Aging Human Brain
Meta-analytic Evidence for the Plurality of Mechanisms in Transdiagnostic Structural MRI Studies of Hallucination Status
Neural correlates of product attachment to cosmetics
Excitation and inhibition in anterior cingulate predict use of past experiences
Neural divergence and convergence for attention to and detection of interoceptive and somatosensory stimuli.
Whole-brain gray matter maturation trajectories associated with autistic traits from adolescence to early adulthood
Childhood Maltreatment Was Correlated With the Decreased Cortical Function in Depressed Patients Under Social Stress in a Working Memory Task: A Pilot Study
Acquisition of novel semantic information in amnesia: effects of lesion location.
Triple Network Functional Connectivity During Acute Stress in Adolescents and the Influence of Polyvictimization.
Altered central pain processing in fibromyalgia—A multimodal neuroimaging case-control study using arterial spin labelling
Linking visual gamma to task-related brain networks-a simultaneous EEG-fMRI study.
Age-Dependent Modulations of Resting State Connectivity Following Motor Practice
Atypical processing of voice sounds in infants at risk for autism spectrum disorder
Frequency-specific alterations in cortical rhythms and functional connectivity in trigeminal neuralgia.
Evaluation of the whole auditory pathway using high-resolution and functional MRI at 7T parallel-transmit
Mapping holmes tremor circuit using the human brain connectome
Brain Metabolism during Hallucination-Like Auditory Stimulation in Schizophrenia
Different Language Modalities Yet Similar Cognitive Processes in Arithmetic Fact Retrieval
Changes in cerebral perfusion following a 12-month exercise and diet intervention.
How biopsychosocial depressive risk shapes behavioral and neural responses to social evaluation in adolescence
Alterations in functional connectivity in patients with non-specific chronic low back pain after motor control exercise: a randomized trial
Linear Tuning of Gamma Amplitude and Frequency to Luminance Contrast: Evidence from a Continuous Mapping Paradigm
Altered spontaneous brain activity patterns in strabismus with amblyopia patients using amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation: a resting-state fMRI study
Amygdala-prefrontal cortex connectivity increased during face discrimination but not time perception.
Functional connectivity changes of nucleus Accumbens Shell portion in left mesial temporal lobe epilepsy patients.
Increased Right Posterior STS Recruitment Without Enhanced Directional-Tuning During Tactile Motion Processing in Early Deaf Individuals
Characterization of brain network supporting episodic memory in the absence of one medial temporal lobe
Longitudinal Changes in Functional Connectivity of the Caudate Is Associated With Recovery From Bell’s Palsy
The Age-Related Perfusion Pattern Measured With Arterial Spin Labeling MRI in Healthy Subjects
Plasticity of resting state brain networks in recovery from stress
Altered amygdala resting-state functional connectivity following acupuncture stimulation at BaiHui (GV20) in first-episode drug-Naïve major depressive disorder.
"Large-Scale Functional Networks, Cognition and Brain Structures Supporting Social Cognition and Theory of Mind Performance in Prodromal to Mild Alzheimer’s Disease"
Functional and Structural Brain Plasticity in Adult Onset Single-Sided Deafness
Abnormal brain activities in multiple frequency bands in Parkinson’s disease with apathy
Structural and functional differences of the thalamus between drug-naïve Parkinson’s disease motor subtypes
Merge-Generability as the Key Concept of Human Language: Evidence From Neuroscience
Using network dynamic fMRI for detection of epileptogenic foci
Speech Prosodies of Different Emotional Categories Activate Different Brain Regions in Adult Cortex: an fNIRS Study
Altered baseline brain activity in experts measured by amplitude of low frequency fluctuations (ALFF): a resting state fMRI study using expertise model of acupuncturists
Serotonergic modulation of effective connectivity in an associative relearning network during task and rest.
Neurovascular coupling alterations in type 2 diabetes: a 5-year longitudinal MRI study
Simultaneous Assessment of White Matter Changes in Microstructure and Connectedness in the Blind Brain
Altered Gray Matter Volume in Patients With Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus
Aberrantly higher functional connectivity in the salience network is associated with transient global amnesia
Alterations of White Matter Integrity Related to the Season of Birth in Schizophrenia: A DTI Study
Neurocompensatory Effects of the Default Network in Older Adults
Higher impulsivity and lower grey matter volume in the bilateral prefrontal cortex in long-term abstinent individuals with severe methamphetamine use disorder.
“Luteal Analgesia”: Progesterone Dissociates Pain Intensity and Unpleasantness by Influencing Emotion Regulation Networks
Resting state amygdala-prefrontal connectivity predicts symptom change after cognitive behavioral therapy in generalized social anxiety disorder
Neuronal interactions between mentalising and action systems during indirect request processing.
Functional Alterations in Resting-State Visual Networks in High-Tension Glaucoma: An Independent Component Analysis
Degradation of cognitive timing mechanisms in behavioural variant frontotemporal dementia
Abnormalities of White Matter Microstructure in Unmedicated Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder and Changes after Medication
Association of degree of loss aversion and grey matter volume in superior frontal gyrus by voxel-based morphometry.
Elevated iron concentration in putamen and cortical speech motor network in developmental stuttering
Cortical gray matter progression in idiopathic REM sleep behavior disorder and its relation to cognitive decline☆
Enhancing learning outcomes through multisensory integration: A fMRI study of audio-visual training in virtual reality.
Resting state differences between successful and unsuccessful restrained eaters.
Characterization of Hippocampal-Thalamic-Cortical Morphometric Reorganization in Temporal Lobe Epilepsy
Neuroimaging findings from an experimental pharmacology trial of naltrexone in heavy drinkers of East Asian descent.
“Loser” or “Popular”?: Neural response to social status words in adolescents with major depressive disorder
Model-Based and Model-Free Analyses of the Neural Correlates of Tongue Movements
Altered functional connectivity between hypothalamus and limbic system in fibromyalgia
Individual cortisol response to acute stress influences neural processing of sexual cues
Aberrant Functional and Causal Connectivity in Acute Tinnitus With Sensorineural Hearing Loss
Associations between stress exposure and new mothers’ brain responses to infant cry sounds
Dissociation between Cerebellar and Cerebral Neural Activities in Humans with Long-Term Bilateral Sensorineural Hearing Loss
Resting-state functional connectivity between amygdala and the ventromedial prefrontal cortex following fear reminder predicts fear extinction.
Fatigue and Cognitive Fatigability in Mild Traumatic Brain Injury are Correlated with Altered Neural Activity during Vigilance Test Performance
Age-Related Differences in the Neural Processing of Idioms: A Positive Perspective
Association Between Trait Empathy and Resting Brain Activity in Women With Primary Dysmenorrhea During the Pain and Pain-Free Phases
Violence Exposure Is Associated With Atypical Appraisal of Threat Among Women: An EEG Study
Immediate Analgesic Effect of Acupuncture in Patients With Primary Dysmenorrhea: A fMRI Study
"Me, Myself, and I: Neural Activity for Self versus Other across Development"
Mental Visualization in the Cerebellum: Rapid Non-motor Learning at Sub-Lobular and Causal Network Levels
Impulsivity in Parkinson’s Disease Is Associated With Alterations in Affective and Sensorimotor Striatal Networks
"The Effect of the 5-HT4 Agonist, Prucalopride, on a Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Faces Task in the Healthy Human Brain"
Longitudinal changes in resting-state functional connectivity and gray matter volume are associated with conversion to hearing impairment in older adults
Alterations in Degree Centrality and Functional Connectivity in Parkinson’s Disease Patients With Freezing of Gait: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Integrated 3D motion analysis with functional magnetic resonance neuroimaging to identify neural correlates of lower extremity movement.
Moderating Effects of Cortisol on Neural-Cognitive Association in Cognitively Normal Elderly Subjects
White matter microstructure in face and body networks predicts facial expression and body posture perception across development
Multimodal Assessment of Precentral Anodal TDCS: Individual Rise in Supplementary Motor Activity Scales With Increase in Corticospinal Excitability
Roles of the Default Mode and Multiple-Demand Networks in Naturalistic versus Symbolic Decisions
Cortical Volume Alterations in Conduct Disordered Adolescents with and without Bipolar Disorder
Impaired functional connectivity of limbic system in migraine without aura.
Exploring the neural correlates of (altered) moral cognition in psychopaths
Adolescents show differential dysfunctions related to Alcohol and Cannabis Use Disorder severity in emotion and executive attention neuro-circuitries
Failure to deactivate the default mode network indicates a possible endophenotype of autism
Interaction of schizophrenia and chronic cannabis use on reward anticipation sensitivity
Adolescent development of inhibitory control and substance use vulnerability: A longitudinal neuroimaging study
An ALE meta-analytic review of top-down and bottom-up processing of music in the brain
Why Self-Induced Pain Feels Less Painful than Externally Generated Pain: Distinct Brain Activation Patterns in Self- and Externally Generated Pain
Examining prefrontal contributions to past- and future-oriented memory disturbances in daily life in dementia.
Effect of Phase-Encoding Direction on Gender Differences: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Structural and Functional Disruptions in Subcortical Vascular Mild Cognitive Impairment With and Without Depressive Symptoms
Singing in the brain: Neural representation of music and voice as revealed by fMRI.
Exploring impaired self-awareness of motor symptoms in Parkinson’s disease: Resting-state fMRI correlates and the connection to mindfulness
Alterations of local spontaneous brain activity and connectivity in adults with high-functioning autism spectrum disorder
Age-related changes in neural responses to sensory stimulation in autism: a cross-sectional study
The cerebral tremor circuit in a patient with Holmes tremor
Management Based on Multimodal Brain Monitoring May Improve Functional Connectivity and Post-operative Neurocognition in Elderly Patients Undergoing Spinal Surgery
Adaptation of brain functional stream architecture in athletes with fast demands of sensorimotor integration.
The role of putative human anterior intraparietal sulcus area in observed manipulative action discrimination
Operation-Specific Lexical Consistency Effect in Fronto-Insular-Parietal Network During Word Problem Solving
Humor and emotion: Quantitative meta analyses of functional neuroimaging studies.
Cortical collateralization induced by language and arithmetic in non-right-handers.
Quantitative MRI of rostral spinal cord and brain regions is predictive of functional recovery in acute spinal cord injury
Mothers' amygdala response to positive or negative infant affect is modulated by personal relevance
Screening of postoperative cerebral hyperperfusion syndrome in moyamoya disease: a three-dimensional pulsed arterial-spin labeling magnetic resonance imaging approach
Effect of Second Language Proficiency on Inhibitory Control in the Simon Task: An fMRI Study
Graph theory network analysis provides brain MRI evidence of a partial continuum of neurodegeneration in patients with UMN-predominant ALS and ALS-FTD
Biases in the Explore–Exploit Tradeoff in Addictions: The Role of Avoidance of Uncertainty
Alterations in static and dynamic regional homogeneity in mesial temporal lobe epilepsy with and without initial precipitating injury
Common Brain Structure Findings Across Children with Varied Reading Disability Profiles
Cerebral Regional Homogeneity Alternation of Pregnant Women With Antenatal Depression During the Pandemic
Resting state functional connectivity associated with impaired proprioception post‐stroke
The ventromedial prefrontal cortex is particularly responsive to social evaluations requiring the use of person-knowledge
Gain-loss asymmetry in neural correlates of temporal discounting: An approach-avoidance motivation perspective
NSAIDs May Protect Against Age-Related Brain Atrophy
Structural and Functional Deficits in Patients with Poststroke Dementia: A Multimodal MRI Study
Pregenual or subgenual anterior cingulate cortex as potential effective region for brain stimulation of depression
Differential Regional Brain Spontaneous Activity in Subgroups of Mild Cognitive Impairment
"Mindfulness meditation increases default mode, salience, and central executive network connectivity"
Extended‐amygdala intrinsic functional connectivity networks: A population study
Brain Activity Associated with the Planning Process during the Long-Time Learning of the Tower of Hanoi (ToH) Task: A Pilot Study
Temporo-Parietal cortex activation during motor imagery in older adults: A case study of Baduanjin.
Signal processing of functional NIRS data acquired during overt speaking
An fMRI study of unconditioned responses in post-traumatic stress disorder
Correlation between brain function and ADHD symptom changes in children with ADHD following a few-foods diet: an open-label intervention trial
Baclofen attenuates fMRI alcohol cue reactivity in treatment-seeking alcohol dependent individuals.
On the Face of It: No Differential Sensitivity to Internal Facial Features in the Dog Brain
White Matter Atrophy and Cognitive Dysfunctions in Neuromyelitis Optica
Activity in the lateral occipital cortex between 200 and 300 ms distinguishes between physically identical seen and unseen stimuli
Functional connectivity of the cortico-subcortical sensorimotor loop is modulated by the severity of nigrostriatal dopaminergic denervation in Parkinson’s Disease
The Assessment of Brain Volume Differences in Idiopathic Central Precocious Puberty Girls; Comparison of Age-Matched Girls and Normal Puberty Girls
Aging Modulates the Hemispheric Specialization during Word Production
Descending pain modulatory efficiency in healthy subjects is related to structure and resting connectivity of brain regions.
Dynamic and Static Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuation Is a Potential Biomarker for Predicting Prognosis of Degenerative Cervical Myelopathy Patients: A Preliminary Resting-State fMRI Study
Reappearance of Command-Following Is Associated With the Recovery of Language and Internal-Awareness Networks: A Longitudinal Multiple-Case Report
"Out of Context, Beyond the Face: Neuroanatomical Pathways of Emotional Face-Body Language Integration in Adolescent Offenders"
Monitoring Value of Multimodal Magnetic Resonance Imaging in Disease Progression of Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis: A Prospective Observational Study
Dynamic Interactions between Emotion Perception and Action Preparation for Reacting to Social Threat: A Combined cTBS-fMRI Study
Whole brain volume changes and its correlation with clinical symptom severity in patients with schizophrenia: A DARTEL-based VBM study
The neural basis of intergroup threat effect on social attention
Gender Differences in the Perception of Personalized Half-Nude Female Bodies
Chemotherapy-induced functional changes of the default mode network in patients with lung cancer.
Changes in Internalizing Symptoms During the COVID-19 Pandemic in a Transdiagnostic Sample of Youth: Exploring Mediators and Predictors
Gender-common and -specific neuroanatomical basis of human anxiety-related personality traits.
Reduced resting state connectivity and gray matter volume correlate with cognitive impairment in minimal hepatic encephalopathy
"The Combination of DAT-SPECT, Structural and Diffusion MRI Predicts Clinical Progression in Parkinson’s Disease"
Investigating the Neural and Cognitive Basis of Moral Luck: It’s Not What You Do but What You Know
Altered activation in the action observation system during synchronization in high loneliness individuals
"Obesity, Psychological Distress, and Resting State Connectivity of the Hippocampus and Amygdala Among Women With Early-Stage Breast Cancer"
Brain structures and functional connectivity associated with individual differences in trait proactive aggression
Right hemisphere grey matter structure and language outcomes in chronic left hemisphere stroke.
Semantic‐specific and domain‐general mechanisms for integration and update of contextual information
Domain‐specific and domain‐general neural network engagement during human–robot interactions
Reduced default mode network effective connectivity in healthy aging is modulated by years of education.
Sex Differences and Menstrual Cycle Phase-Dependent Modulation of Craving for Cigarette: An fMRI Pilot Study
Extraversion and neuroticism related to the resting-state effective connectivity of amygdala
"Case-control resting-state fMRI study of brain functioning among 
adolescents with first-episode major depressive disorder"
"Attention, awareness, and the right temporoparietal junction"
A Study of Differential Resting-State Brain Functional Activity in Males and Females with Recurrent Depressive Disorder
Aberrant Executive Control and Auditory Networks in Recent-Onset Schizophrenia
Relief from incidental fear evokes exuberant risk taking
Regional Neural Activity Changes in Parkinson’s Disease-Associated Mild Cognitive Impairment and Cognitively Normal Patients
"Free-Living Physical Activity Measured With a Wearable Device Is Associated With Larger Hippocampus Volume and Greater Functional Connectivity in Healthy Older Adults: An Observational, Cross-Sectional Study in Northern Portugal"
Efficacy of weight loss intervention can be predicted based on early alterations of fMRI food cue reactivity in the striatum
Interictal brain activity differs in migraine with and without aura: resting state fMRI study
Functional and Structural Alterations in the Cingulate Motor Area Relate to Decreased Fronto-Striatal Coupling in Major Depressive Disorder with Psychomotor Disturbances
Examination of Local Functional Homogeneity in Autism
Static and dynamic resting-state brain activity patterns of table tennis players in 7-Tesla MRI
Distress tolerance to auditory feedback and functional connectivity with the auditory cortex.
Abnormal spontaneous neural activity in hippocampal–cortical system of patients with obsessive–compulsive disorder and its potential for diagnosis and prediction of early treatment response
Thalamocortical functional connectivity and cannabis use in men with childhood attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder
Does traditional asian vegetables (ulam) consumption correlate with brain activity using fMRI? A study among aging adults from low‐income households
Large‐scale reconfiguration of connectivity patterns among attentional networks during context‐dependent adjustment of cognitive control
Different Brain Activation after Acupuncture at Combined Acupoints and Single Acupoint in Hypertension Patients: An Rs-fMRI Study Based on ReHo Analysis
Spinal Manipulative Therapy Alters Brain Activity in Patients With Chronic Low Back Pain: A Longitudinal Brain fMRI Study
Watershed Brain Regions for Characterizing Brand Equity-Related Mental Processes
Neural representational similarity between L1 and L2 in spoken and written language processing
Callous-Unemotional Traits Moderate the Relationship Between Irritability and Threatening Responding
Neural evidence for phonologically based language production deficits in older adults: An fMRI investigation of age‐related differences in picture‐word interference
Alteration of brain resting-state networks and functional connectivity in prelingual deafness.
Academic achievements and brain volume development in children and adolescents
Impaired Activation in Cognitive Control Regions Predicts Reversal Learning in Schizophrenia.
Common neural and transcriptional correlates of inhibitory control underlie emotion regulation and memory control
Pelvic Pain Alters Functional Connectivity Between Anterior Cingulate Cortex and Hippocampus in Both Humans and a Rat Model
Alpha/Theta Neurofeedback Increases Mentalization and Default Mode Network Connectivity in a Non-Clinical Sample.
Neural mechanisms underlying the facilitation of naming in aphasia using a semantic task: an fMRI study
"The relationship between cortisol reactivity and emotional brain function is differently moderated by childhood trauma, in bipolar disorder, schizophrenia and healthy individuals."
Possible Neurobiological Underpinnings of Homosexuality and Gender Dysphoria.
Acquisition Duration in Resting-State Arterial Spin Labeling. How Long Is Enough?
Technical Note: Modulation of fMRI brainstem responses by transcutaneous vagus nerve stimulation.
Total sleep deprivation reduces the table tennis anticipation performance of young men: A functional magnetic resonance imaging study
The Exercising Brain: Changes in Functional Connectivity Induced by an Integrated Multimodal Cognitive and Whole-Body Coordination Training
Sexual Abuse in Adolescents Is Associated With Atypically Increased Responsiveness Within Regions Implicated in Self-Referential and Emotional Processing to Approaching Animate Threats
Dissociable neuroanatomical correlates of subsecond and suprasecond time perception.
Visual Tract Degradation in Bilateral Normal-Tension Glaucoma—Cortical Thickness Maps and Volumetric Study of Visual Pathway Areas
Altered resting-state hippocampal functional networks associated with chemotherapy-induced prospective memory impairment in breast cancer survivors
Altered Functional Brain Network in Systemic Lupus Erythematosus Patients Without Overt Neuropsychiatric Symptoms Based on Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging and Multivariate Pattern Analysis
Microstructure Abnormalities in Adolescents with Internet Addiction Disorder
Reading without the left ventral occipito-temporal cortex
"To Resolve or Not To Resolve, that Is the Question: The Dual-Path Model of Incongruity Resolution and Absurd Verbal Humor by fMRI"
Brain activation during social cognition predicts everyday perspective-taking: A combined fMRI and ecological momentary assessment study of the social brain
Seed correlation analysis based on brain region activation for ADHD diagnosis in a large-scale resting state data set
Impaired neural habituation to neutral faces in families genetically enriched for social anxiety disorder
A no-go related prefrontal negativity larger to irrelevant stimuli that are difficult to suppress
The Impact of Sleep Deprivation on Brain Networks in Response to Social Evaluation Tasks
Familiarity with children improves the ability to recognize children’s mental states: an fMRI study using the Reading the Mind in the Eyes Task and the Nencki Children Eyes Test
Cerebral structural alterations in the patients undergoing postherpetic neuralgia: A VBM–MRI study
Neuroanatomical Alterations in Patients With Tinnitus Before and After Sound Therapy: A Voxel-Based Morphometry Study
Instructions and experiential learning have similar impacts on pain and pain-related brain responses but produce dissociations in value-based reversal learning
Brain substrates explain differences in the adoption and degree of financial digitalization
Neural signals of vicarious extinction learning.
Perfusion MRI and computerized cognitive test abnormalities in abstinent methamphetamine users.
"Visual Experience Shapes Orthographic Representations in the Visual Word Form
Area"
Aberrant spontaneous low-frequency brain activity in male patients with severe obstructive sleep apnea revealed by resting-state functional MRI
"Functional connectivity during orthographic, phonological, and semantic processing of Chinese characters identifies distinct visuospatial and phonosemantic networks"
Subthalamic nucleus stimulation effects on single and combined task performance in Parkinson's disease patients: a PET study.
Modulatory Effects of Levodopa on Cerebellar Connectivity in Parkinson’s Disease
NEURAL BASIS OF SOUND-SYMBOLIC PSEUDOWORD-SHAPE CORRESPONDENCES
Individual Differences in Brain Responses: New Opportunities for Tailoring Health Communication Campaigns
Groupwise structural sparsity for discriminative voxels identification
"Are There Neural Overlaps of Reactivity to Illegal Drugs, Tobacco, and Alcohol Cues? With Evidence From ALE and CMA"
Altered Structural and Functional Patterns Within Executive Control Network Distinguish Frontal Glioma-Related Epilepsy
"Altered Static and Dynamic Functional Connectivity of Habenula Associated With Suicidal Ideation in First-Episode, Drug-Naïve Patients With Major Depressive Disorder"
Intrinsic connectivity identifies the sensory-motor network as a main cross-network between remitted late-life depression- and amnestic mild cognitive impairment-targeted networks.
Interoception and the musical brain: Evidence from cross-sectional and longitudinal behavioral and resting-state fMRI study.
Molecular imaging of the association between serotonin degeneration and beta-amyloid deposition in mild cognitive impairment
A Functional and Structural Investigation of the Human Fronto-Basal Volitional Saccade Network
"Associations between Mobility, Cognition, and Brain Structure in Healthy Older Adults"
Therapy effect of cochleural alternating acoustic beam therapy versus traditional sound therapy for managing chronic idiopathic tinnitus patients
Abnormal Functional Connectivity of Hippocampal Subdivisions in Obstructive Sleep Apnea: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
A Functional MRI Study of Happy and Sad Emotions in Music with and without Lyrics
Physical Activity Is Linked to Greater Moment-To-Moment Variability in Spontaneous Brain Activity in Older Adults
People represent their own mental states more distinctly than those of others
Family Conflict Associated With Intrinsic Hippocampal-OFC Connectivity in Adolescent Depressive Disorder
Single Session Low Frequency Left Dorsolateral Prefrontal Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation Changes Neurometabolite Relationships in Healthy Humans
The Brain Activity in Brodmann Area 17: A Potential Bio-Marker to Predict Patient Responses to Antiepileptic Drugs
Leukoencephalopathies in mitochondrial disorders: clinical and MRI findings.
Maintenance vs. Manipulation in Auditory Verbal Working Memory in the Elderly: New Insights Based on Temporal Dynamics of Information Processing in the Millisecond Time Range
Human posterior parietal and dorsal premotor cortex encode the visual properties of an upcoming action
Weight Gain following Pallidal Deep Brain Stimulation: A PET Study
Functional magnetic resonance imaging of the trail-making test in older adults
Neural Correlates of Multisensory Integration for Feedback Stabilization of the Wrist
Approach or avoidance: Neural correlates of intelligence evaluation from faces.
Severity related neuroanatomical and spontaneous functional activity alteration in adolescents with major depressive disorder
Processing of Emotions in Functional Movement Disorder: An Exploratory fMRI Study
Brain Responses to Hypnotic Verbal Suggestions Predict Pain Modulation
Trauma-related intrusive memories and anterior hippocampus structural covariance: an ecological momentary assessment study in posttraumatic stress disorder
Resting-State Activity of Prefrontal-Striatal Circuits in Internet Gaming Disorder: Changes With Cognitive Behavior Therapy and Predictors of Treatment Response
Autosomal dominant temporal lobe epilepsy associated with heterozygous reelin mutation: 3 T brain MRI study with advanced neuroimaging methods
Acute Effects of Alcohol on the Human Brain: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Differential Modulation of Effective Connectivity in the Brain’s Extended Face Processing System by Fearful and Sad Facial Expressions
Disrupted intra- and inter-network connectivity in unilateral acute tinnitus with hearing loss
Sex-specific frontal-striatal connectivity differences among adolescents with externalizing disorders
Changes in the Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuation in Patients With Lifelong Premature Ejaculation by Resting-State Functional MRI
Acute induction of anxiety in humans by delta-9-tetrahydrocannabinol related to amygdalar cannabinoid-1 (CB1) receptors
Deactivation of default mode network during touch
Cortical gyrification differences between early- and late-onset obsessive–compulsive disorder: neurobiological evidence for neurodevelopmentally distinct subtypes
Music models aberrant rule decoding and reward valuation in dementia
Distinct disease trajectories in frontotemporal dementia–motor neuron disease and behavioural variant frontotemporal dementia: A longitudinal study
Abnormal interhemispheric functional connectivity in patients with strabismic amblyopia: a resting-state fMRI study using voxel-mirrored homotopic connectivity
Cellular and Extracellular White Matter Abnormalities in Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder: A Diffusion Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study.
Effect of catechol-O-methyltransferase Val158Met polymorphism on resting-state brain default mode network after acupuncture stimulation.
Structural Imaging-Based Biomarkers for Detecting Craving and Predicting Relapse in Subjects With Methamphetamine Dependence
Neural correlates of risk taking in patients with obsessive-compulsive disorder during risky decision-making.
Confidence and psychosis: a neuro-computational account of contingency learning disruption by NMDA blockade
"Emotional, especially negative microblogs are more popular on the web: evidence from an fMRI study."
Brain Functional Correlates of Episodic Memory Using an Ecological Free Recall Task
Intranasal Oxytocin Enhances Connectivity in the Neural Circuitry Supporting Social Motivation and Social Perception in Children with Autism
rTMS Induces Brain Functional and Structural Alternations in Schizophrenia Patient With Auditory Verbal Hallucination
Hippocampal atrophy disrupts the language network but not hemispheric language lateralization.
Neurocognitive bases of self-monitoring of inner speech in hallucination prone individuals
Altered Spontaneous Brain Activity Related to Neurologic Dysfunction in Patients With Cerebral Small Vessel Disease
Higher Adolescent Body Mass Index Is Associated with Lower Regional Gray and White Matter Volumes and Lower Levels of Positive Emotionality
Covariance-based subdivision of the human striatum using T1-weighted MRI.
Neural Correlates of Social Inclusion in Borderline Personality Disorder
Theta-burst transcranial magnetic stimulation induced functional connectivity changes between dorsolateral prefrontal cortex and default-mode-network.
Compensatory task-specific hypersensitivity in bilateral planum temporale and right superior temporal gyrus during auditory rhythm and omission processing in Parkinson’s disease
Brain Mechanisms Underlying Human Communication
Neural Responses of Acupuncture for Treating Functional Dyspepsia: An fMRI Study
Changes in Resting-State Cerebral Activity in Patients with Hyperthyroidism: A Short-Term Follow-Up Functional MR Imaging Study
A Functional Near-Infrared Spectroscopy Examination of the Neural Correlates of Mental Rotation for Individuals With Different Depressive Tendencies
The role of the thalamic subregions in major depressive disorder with childhood maltreatment: Evidences from dynamic and static functional connectivity.
Decoding the Formation of New Semantics: MVPA Investigation of Rapid Neocortical Plasticity during Associative Encoding through Fast Mapping
"Neural Correlates of Sexual Orientation in Heterosexual, Bisexual, and Homosexual Women"
Tasked-Based Functional Brain Connectivity in Multisensory Control of Wrist Movement After Stroke
Investigation of changes in the activity and function of dry eye-associated brain regions using the amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations method
Hyperactivity/restlessness is associated with increased functional connectivity in adults with ADHD: a dimensional analysis of resting state fMRI
Frequency-specific alterations of the resting-state BOLD signals in nocturnal enuresis: an fMRI Study
How Self-Appraisal Is Mediated by the Brain
Neurofilament relates to white matter microstructure in older adults.
Multi-site phasic neural activity mediates the execution of an auditory continuous performance task: a PET and electrophysiological study.
Large‐scale network dysfunction in vascular cognitive disorder supports connectional diaschisis in advanced arteriosclerosis
Resting-State Functional Connectivity Differences in Premature Children
Activation in the VTA and Nucleus Accumbens Increases in Anticipation of Both Gains and Losses
Unveiling the dynamic interplay between the hub- and spoke-components of the brain's semantic system and its impact on human behaviour
"Three shades of grey: detecting brain abnormalities in children with autism using source-, voxel- and surface-based morphometry."
Gray matter morphological anomalies in the cerebellar vermis in first-episode schizophrenia patients with cognitive deficits
Brain responses to human‐voice processing predict child development and intelligence
Neuroanatomical changes associated with age-related hearing loss and listening effort
An fMRI Study of Neuronal Activation in Schizophrenia Patients with and without Previous Cannabis Use
Disrupted Neural Activity in Individuals With Iridocyclitis Using Regional Homogeneity: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Numerical Transcoding Proficiency in 10-Year-Old Schoolchildren is Associated with Gray Matter Inter-Individual Differences: A Voxel-Based Morphometry Study
Deficient prefrontal attentional control in late-life generalized anxiety disorder: an fMRI investigation
Relation of life sciences students’ metacognitive monitoring to neural activity during biology error detection
"Impact of Hunger, Satiety, and Oral Glucose on the Association Between Insulin and Resting-State Human Brain Activity"
Classification of primary dysmenorrhea by brain effective connectivity of the amygdala: a machine learning study.
A neural signature of the vividness of prospective thought is modulated by temporal proximity during intertemporal decision making
Exploring the course of adolescent anxiety and depression: associations with white matter tract microstructure.
The relationship between voxel-based metrics of resting state functional connectivity and cognitive performance in cognitively healthy elderly adults.
Neural Correlates of Verb Fluency Performance in Cognitively Healthy Older Adults and Individuals With Dementia: A Pilot fMRI Study
Differential Orbitofrontal Cortex Responses to Chocolate Images While Performing an Approach–Avoidance Task in the MRI Environment
Group membership dictates the neural correlates of social optimism biases
Driving the brain towards creativity and intelligence: A network control theory analysis.
Air-conducted ultrasound below the hearing threshold elicits functional changes in the cognitive control network
Modeling Social Sensory Processing During Social Computerized Cognitive Training for Psychosis Spectrum: The Resting-State Approach
The Neural Mechanisms Underlying the Decision to Rest in the Presence of Fatigue: A Magnetoencephalography Study
Assessing facial attractiveness: individual decisions and evolutionary constraints
The anti-anxiety drug lorazepam changes implicit behaviors but not explicit evaluations of sense of agency under authoritative pressure: A functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Anomalous Cerebellar Anatomy in Chinese Children with Dyslexia
Self perception and facial emotion perception of others in anorexia nervosa
Cerebral Responses to Stationary Emotional Stimuli Measured by fMRI in Women with Persistent Postural-Perceptual Dizziness
Fatigue in Gulf War Illness is associated with tonically high activation in the executive control network
Cerebellar Differences after Rehabilitation in Children with Developmental Coordination Disorder
Evidence of Altered Functional Connectivity at Rest in the Writing Network of Children with Dyslexia
Anthropomorphic or non-anthropomorphic? Effects of biological sex in observation of actions in a digital human model and a gantry robot model
The Effect of Socioeconomic Disparities on Prefrontal Activation in Initiating Joint Attention: A Functional Near-Infrared Spectroscopy Evidence From Two Socioeconomic Status Groups
Effects of glabellar botulinum toxin injections on resting-state functional connectivity in borderline personality disorder.
Retrieval Deficiency in Brain Activity of Working Memory in Amnesic Mild Cognitive Impairment Patients: A Brain Event-Related Potentials Study
Diffusion tensor imaging in orthostatic tremor: a tract‐based spatial statistics study
Gray matter volume and microRNA levels in patients with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.
Striatal correlates of Bayesian beliefs in self-efficacy in adolescents and their relation to mood and autonomy: a pilot study
Decreased cerebral blood flow and improved cognitive function in patients with end-stage renal disease after peritoneal dialysis: An arterial spin-labelling study
Dynamic frontostriatal functional peak connectivity (in alcohol use disorder)
The Neuronal Correlates of Digits Backward Are Revealed by Voxel-Based Morphometry and Resting-State Functional Connectivity Analyses
Regional Homogeneity in schizophrenia patients with tardive dyskinesia: a resting-state fMRI study.
The Neural Correlates of Semantic and Grammatical Encoding During Sentence Production in a Second Language: Evidence From an fMRI Study Using Structural Priming
Abnormal Functional Connectivity of Amygdala in Late-Onset Depression Was Associated with Cognitive Deficits
Reduction of cingulate gray matter density in poor outcome bipolar illness.
Tracking Deceased-Related Thinking with Neural Pattern Decoding of a Cortical-Basal Ganglia Circuit.
Altered Functional Brain Connectivity in Mild Cognitive Impairment during a Cognitively Complex Car Following Task
Network-Level Dysconnectivity in Drug-Naïve First-Episode Psychosis: Dissociating Transdiagnostic and Diagnosis-Specific Alterations
Dissociating Arithmetic Operations in the Parietal Cortex Using 1 Hz Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation: The Importance of Strategy Use
"Selective neural coding of object, feature, and geometry spatial cues in humans"
Altered insular functional connectivity correlates to impaired vigilant attention after sleep deprivation: A resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Adolescent Major Depressive Disorder: Neuroimaging Evidence of Sex Difference during an Affective Go/No-Go Task
Frequency‐dependent modulation of neural oscillations across the gait cycle
Assessing drug cue-induced brain response in heroin dependents treated by methadone maintenance and protracted abstinence measures.
"Lasting consequences of concussion on the aging brain: Findings from
the Baltimore Longitudinal Study of Aging"
Neural reward related-reactions to monetar gains for self and charity are associated with donating behavior in adolescence
Altered cognitive control network mediates the association between long-term pain and anxiety symptoms in primary dysmenorrhea
When worry may be good for you: Worry severity and limbic-prefrontal functional connectivity in late-life generalized anxiety disorder.
Neural Substrates of Reliability-Weighted Visual-Tactile Multisensory Integration
The Effect of Task-Irrelevant Fearful-Face Distractor on Working Memory Processing in Mild Cognitive Impairment versus Healthy Controls: An Exploratory fMRI Study in Female Participants
Comparison of Visual Neuroadaptations After Multifocal and Monofocal Intraocular Lens Implantation
Altered intra- and inter-network functional coupling of resting-state networks associated with motor dysfunction in stroke.
Neurological Soft Signs Are Associated With Altered White Matter in Patients With Schizophrenia
Testing the reinforcement learning hypothesis of social conformity
How the motor system integrates with working memory.
Effects of escitalopram therapy on resting-state functional connectivity of subsystems of the default mode network in unmedicated patients with major depressive disorder
Subcortical and Cerebellar Neural Correlates of Prodromal Alzheimer’s Disease with Prolonged Sleep Latency
Effects of Fast Simple Numerical Calculation Training on Neural Systems
An EEG Analysis of Honorification in Japanese: Human Hierarchical Relationships Coded in Language
Shared and distinct neural circuitry for nonsymbolic and symbolic double-digit addition.
Behavioral and neural evidence for an evaluative bias against other people’s mundane interracial encounters
Polarity-specific modulation of pain processing by transcranial direct current stimulation – a blinded longitudinal fMRI study
Experiences of Discrimination Are Associated With Greater Resting Amygdala Activity and Functional Connectivity.
Connectivity differences between inferior frontal gyrus and mentalizing network in autism as compared to developmental coordination disorder and non-autistic youth.
"Modality-specific brain representations during automatic processing of face, voice and body expressions"
"Apraxia, pantomime and the parietal cortex"
Altered cerebellar-motor loop in benign adult familial myoclonic epilepsy type 1: The structural basis of cortical tremor.
Cerebro-cerebellar gray matter abnormalities associated with cognitive impairment in patients with recent-onset and chronic schizophrenia
Similar imaging changes and their relations to genetic profiles in bipolar disorder across different clinical stages.
The role of the cerebellum in sequencing and predicting social and non-social events in patients with bipolar disorder
Impact of language on functional connectivity for audiovisual speech integration
Imaging the functional connectivity of the Periaqueductal Gray during genuine and sham electroacupuncture treatment
Cognition in Patients With Multiple System Atrophy (MSA) and Its Neuroimaging Correlation: A Prospective Case-Control Study
Selectively disrupted sensorimotor circuits in chronic stroke with hand dysfunction
Global and regional brain volumes normalization in weight-recovered adolescents with anorexia nervosa: preliminary findings of a longitudinal voxel-based morphometry study
Altered Functional Connectivity of the Primary Visual Cortex in Subjects with Amblyopia
Neural correlates of emotional processing in panic disorder
Structural Differences in Gray Matter between Glider Pilots and Non-Pilots. A Voxel-Based Morphometry Study
The Brain Structural-Functional Vulnerability in Drug-Naive Children With Juvenile Idiopathic Arthritis: Insights From the Hippocampus
Linking structural and effective brain connectivity: structurally informed Parametric Empirical Bayes (si-PEB)
Depressive symptoms and neuroanatomical structures in community-dwelling women: A combined voxel-based morphometry and diffusion tensor imaging study with tract-based spatial statistics
Somatotopic disruption of the functional connectivity of the primary sensorimotor cortex in complex regional pain syndrome type 1
Dynamic functional network connectivity in Huntington's disease and its associations with motor and cognitive measures.
Habenula functional connectivity variability increases with disease severity in individuals with major depression.
Role of Language-Related Functional Connectivity in Patients with Benign Childhood Epilepsy with Centrotemporal Spikes
Using fractal dimension analysis to assess the effects of normal aging and sex on subregional cortex alterations across the lifespan from a Chinese dataset.
Gustatory Cortex Is Involved in Evidence Accumulation during Food Choice
Pain-related effects of trait anger expression: neural substrates and the role of endogenous opioid mechanisms.
Frequency specific alterations of the degree centrality in patients with acute basal ganglia ischemic stroke: a resting-state fMRI study
Fornix deep brain stimulation circuit effect is dependent on major excitatory transmission via the nucleus accumbens.
The Effect of Apolipoprotein E ε4 (APOE ε4) on Visuospatial Working Memory in Healthy Elderly and Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment Patients: An Event-Related Potentials Study
"The functional anatomy of semantic retrieval is influenced by gender, menstrual cycle, and sex hormones"
Altered Brain Structure and Functional Connectivity Associated with Pubertal Hormones in Girls with Precocious Puberty
Targeting location relates to treatment response in active but not sham rTMS stimulation
Abnormal resting-state functional connectivity of the insula in medication-free patients with obsessive-compulsive disorder
Cognitive and neural mechanisms underlying the mnemonic effect of songs after stroke
Effects of intranasal oxytocin on amygdala reactivity to emotional faces in recently trauma-exposed individuals.
A Pilot Adaptive Neurofeedback Investigation of the Neural Mechanisms of Implicit Emotion Regulation Among Women With PTSD
Identification of common neural substrates with connectomic abnormalities in four major psychiatric disorders: A connectome-wide association study
Neural Network of Predictive Motor Timing in the Context of Gender Differences
A Neural Mechanism in the Human Orbitofrontal Cortex for Preferring High-Fat Foods Based on Oral Texture
Temporal-thalamic and cingulo-opercular connectivity in people with schizophrenia
Changes in Empathy in Patients With Chronic Low Back Pain: A Structural–Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Disrupted Spontaneous Neural Activity in Patients With Thyroid-Associated Ophthalmopathy: A Resting-State fMRI Study Using Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuation
"Atrophy, metabolism and cognition in the posterior cortical atrophy spectrum based on Alzheimer's disease cerebrospinal fluid biomarkers"
Neural encoding of novel social networks: evidence that perceivers prioritize others’ centrality
Functional abnormalities of striatum are related to the season-specific effect on schizophrenia.
Laughter as a paradigm of socio-emotional signal processing in dementia
Neuronal Correlates of Small Animal Phobia in Human Subjects through fMRI: The Role of the Number and Proximity of Stimuli
Spatially Covarying Patterns of Gray Matter Volume and Concentration Highlight Distinct Regions in Schizophrenia
Disentangling age‐ and disease‐related alterations in schizophrenia brain network using structural equation modeling: A graph theoretical study based on minimum spanning tree
Functional connectivity density alterations in children with strabismus and amblyopia based on resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI)
A Preliminary Study of Functional Brain Activation among Marijuana Users during Performance of a Virtual Water Maze Task
"A functional magnetic resonance imaging investigation of prefrontal cortex deep transcranial magnetic stimulation efficacy in adults with attention deficit/hyperactive disorder: A double blind, randomized clinical trial"
Psychological and neural responses to architectural interiors.
Self-regulation in the pre-adolescent brain
Gender Specific Re-organization of Resting-State Networks in Older Age
"Hippocampal subregions and networks linked with antidepressant
response to electroconvulsive therapy"
Regional white matter variation associated with domain-specific metacognitive accuracy.
How does human motor cortex regulate vocal pitch in singers?
Altered empathy processing in frontotemporal dementia A task-based fMRI study
Are strong empathizers better mentalizers? Evidence for independence and interaction between the routes of social cognition.
Asymmetry in cortical thickness and subcortical volume in treatment-naïve major depressive disorder
Abnormal Grey Matter Arteriolar Cerebral Blood Volume in Schizophrenia Measured With 3D Inflow-Based Vascular-Space-Occupancy MRI at 7T.
Simultaneous 18F-FDG PET/MR metabolic and structural changes in visual snow syndrome and diagnostic use
Acute alcohol intake alters resting state functional connectivity of nucleus accumbens with pain-related corticolimbic structures.
Similar Expectation Effects for Immediate and Delayed Stimulus Repetitions
Hippocampal-targeted Theta-burst Stimulation Enhances Associative Memory Formation.
Voxel-based morphometry reveals the correlation between gray matter volume and serum P-tau-181 in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients with different HbA1c levels
Aberrant Neural Activity in Patients With Bipolar Depressive Disorder Distinguishing to the Unipolar Depressive Disorder: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Self‐regulation of ventromedial prefrontal cortex activation using real‐time fMRI neurofeedback—Influence of default mode network
Lying posture affects sleep structures and cortical activities: a simultaneous EEG-fMRI imaging of the sleeping and waking brain.
Increased neural reactivity to emotional pictures in men with high hair testosterone concentrations
Assessing functional connectivity differences and work-related fatigue in surviving COVID-negative patients
Functional representation of trigeminal nociceptive input in the human periaqueductal gray
Enhanced processing of aversive stimuli on embodied artificial limbs by the human amygdala
Neural correlates of decision making after unfair treatment
Laughter is in the air: involvement of key nodes of the emotional motor system in the anticipation of tickling
Altered Gray Matter Volume and Functional Connectivity in Human Immunodeficiency Virus-Infected Adults
Neural representations of the amount and the delay time of reward in intertemporal decision making
Diverging volumetric trajectories following pediatric traumatic brain injury
Temporal discounting for self and friends in adolescence: A fMRI study
Resting State Cortico-Limbic Functional Connectivity and Dispositional Use of Emotion Regulation Strategies: A Replication and Extension Study
Quantification of Brain β-Amyloid Load in Parkinson's Disease With Mild Cognitive Impairment: A PET/MRI Study
Voxel-level comparison of arterial spin-labeled perfusion magnetic resonance imaging in adolescents with internet gaming addiction
Task-relevant representations and cognitive control demands modulate functional connectivity from ventral occipito-temporal cortex during object recognition tasks
Effects of Aging on the Neural Mechanisms Underlying the Recollection of Memories Encoded by Social Interactions With Persons in the Same and Different Age Groups
Anterior cingulate cortex and insula response during indirect and direct processing of emotional faces in generalized social anxiety disorder
Aberrant Resting-State Cerebellar-Cerebral Functional Connectivity in Methamphetamine-Dependent Individuals After Six Months Abstinence
Abnormal Neural Activity in Different Frequency Bands in Parkinson’s Disease With Mild Cognitive Impairment
The role of the anterior temporal cortex in action: evidence from fMRI multivariate searchlight analysis during real object grasping
Dopaminergic modulation of emotional conflict in Parkinson's disease
"When the brain, but not the person, remembers: Cortical reinstatement is modulated by retrieval goal in developmental amnesia"
Neural correlates of appreciating natural landscape and landscape garden: Evidence from an fMRI study
Neural responses when learning spatial and object sequencing tasks via imitation
Increased cerebral blood volume in small arterial vessels is a correlate of amyloid-β-related cognitive decline.
"Dynamic Causal Modeling of Insular, Striatal, and Prefrontal Cortex Activities During a Food-Specific Go/NoGo Task."
Executive functions–based reading training engages the cingulo-opercular and dorsal attention networks
Brain activation induced by different strengths of hand grasp: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study
An Individualized Approach to Neuroplasticity After Early Unilateral Brain Damage
Neural basis of implicit cognitive reappraisal in panic disorder: an event-related fMRI study
Frontolimbic serotonin 2A receptor binding in healthy subjects is associated with personality risk factors for affective disorder.
Brain correlates of impaired goal management in bipolar mania
Negative correlation between word-level surprisal and intersubject neural synchronization during narrative listening.
Aberrant Functional Connectivity of the Amygdala Complexes in PTSD during Conscious and Subconscious Processing of Trauma-Related Stimuli
Interictal abnormal fMRI activation of visual areas during a motor task cued by visual stimuli in migraine
rTMS of the Left Dorsolateral Prefrontal Cortex Modulates Dopamine Release in the Ipsilateral Anterior Cingulate Cortex and Orbitofrontal Cortex
Aberrant resting-state functional connectivity in incarcerated women with elevated psychopathic traits
"Altered cortical thickness, degree centrality, and functional connectivity in middle-age type 2 diabetes mellitus"
Whole-cortex mapping of common genetic influences on depression and a social deficits dimension
Group analysis data representing the effects of frontopolar transcranial direct current stimulation on the default mode network
Lateralization of Brain Activation in Fluent and Non-Fluent Preschool Children: A Magnetoencephalographic Study of Picture-Naming
Altered Microstructure of Cerebral Gray Matter in Neuromyelitis Optica Spectrum Disorder-Optic Neuritis: A DKI Study
Regional homogeneity abnormalities of resting state brain activities in children with growth hormone deficiency
Pain modulates neural responses to reward in the medial prefrontal cortex
A Multi-Dimensional and Integrative Approach to Examining the High-Risk and Ultra-High-Risk Stages of Bipolar Disorder
A Perfusion MRI Study of Emotional Valence and Arousal in Parkinson's Disease
Group and individual variability in speech production networks during delayed auditory feedback
Pairing neutral cues with alcohol intoxication: new findings in executive and attention networks.
Contrasting neurofunctional correlates of face- and visuospatial-processing in children and adolescents with Williams syndrome: convergent results from four fMRI paradigms
The cue-reactivity paradigm: An ensemble of networks driving attention and cognition when viewing drug and natural reward-related stimuli.
Body–mind relaxation meditation modulates the thalamocortical functional connectivity in major depressive disorder: a preliminary resting-state fMRI study
Functional reorganisation in patients with right hemisphere stroke after training of alertness: a longitudinal PET and fMRI study in eight cases.
Altered Neural Network Connectivity Predicts Depression in de novo Parkinson’s Disease
Modulation of resting-state networks following repetitive transcranial alternating current stimulation of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex
Meta-Analyses Support a Taxonomic Model for Representations of Different Categories of Audio-Visual Interaction Events in the Human Brain
Abnormal causal connectivity of anterior cingulate cortex-visual cortex circuit related to nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug efficacy in migraine.
Deontological Dilemma Response Tendencies and Sensorimotor Representations of Harm to Others
"Cytoarchitecture, probability maps, and functions of the human supplementary and pre-supplementary motor areas"
When do negative and positive emotions modulate working memory performance?
Characterising the unity and diversity of executive functions in a within-subject fMRI study
Cognitive and neural predictors of speech comprehension in noisy backgrounds in older adults.
Processing word prosody—behavioral and neuroimaging evidence for heterogeneous performance in a language with variable stress
The Association of Retinal Microvasculature With Gray Matter Changes and Structural Covariance Network: A Voxel-Based Morphometry Study
Culture Impacts the Neural Response to Perceiving Outgroups Among Black and White Faces
"Effects of Chronic Sleep Restriction on the Brain Functional Network, as Revealed by Graph Theory"
Correlation Analysis of the Tinnitus Handicap Inventory and Distress Network in Chronic Tinnitus: An EEG Study
Brain Functional Connectivity Is Modified by a Hypocaloric Mediterranean Diet and Physical Activity in Obese Women
"The Correlation Between Thyroid Function, Frontal Gray Matter, and Executive Function in Patients With Major Depressive Disorder"
Resting-State Default Mode Network Related Functional Connectivity Is Associated With Sustained Attention Deficits in Schizophrenia and Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder
Brain mapping of emotional prosody in patients with drug-resistant temporal epilepsy: An indicator of plasticity.
Object words modulate the activity of the mirror neuron system during action imitation
Disruptions of frontoparietal control network and default mode network linking the metacognitive deficits with clinical symptoms in schizophrenia
Impact of antipsychotic treatment on attention and motor learning systems in first-episode schizophrenia.
Neural activity induced by visual food stimuli presented out of awareness: a preliminary magnetoencephalography study
Opposite effects of estradiol and progesterone on woman's disgust processing
"More Than Just Statics: Temporal Dynamic Changes in Inter- and Intrahemispheric Functional Connectivity in First-Episode, Drug-Naive Patients With Major Depressive Disorder"
Neural signatures of prosocial behaviors.
Neural decoding of music from the EEG
Impact of multisession 40Hz tACS on hippocampal perfusion in patients with Alzheimer’s disease
Altered Spontaneous Brain Activity in Women During Menopause Transition and Its Association With Cognitive Function and Serum Estradiol Level
Effective connectivity and criminal sentencing decisions: dynamic causal models in laypersons and legal experts
Effects of Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation on Brain Networks Related to Creative Thinking
"The Effects of Methylphenidate on Resting-State Functional Connectivity of the Basal Nucleus of Meynert, Locus Coeruleus, and Ventral Tegmental Area in Healthy Adults"
Brain Activity in Different Brain Areas of Patients With Dry Eye During the Female Climacteric Period According to Voxel-Based Morphometry
Regional homogeneity changes between heroin relapse and non-relapse patients under methadone maintenance treatment: a resting-state fMRI study
Cognitive control inhibition networks in adulthood are impaired by early iron deficiency in infancy
Increased cognitive complexity reveals abnormal brain network activity in individuals with corpus callosum dysgenesis
Rhythmic Temporal Expectation Boosts Neural Activity by Increasing Neural Gain
Neural substrates of embodied natural beauty and social endowed beauty: An fMRI study
Cerebral Blood Flow Alterations as Assessed by 3D ASL in Cognitive Impairment in Patients with Subcortical Vascular Cognitive Impairment: A Marker for Disease Severity
Characterizing resting‐state networks in Parkinson’s disease: A multi‐aspect functional connectivity study
Vision- and touch-dependent brain correlates of body-related mental processing.
Abnormal regional homogeneity as potential imaging biomarker for psychosis risk syndrome: a resting-state fMRI study and support vector machine analysis
Association of pain and CNS structural changes after spinal cord injury
Resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) and functional connectivity density mapping in patients with corneal ulcer
Functional connectivity during affective mentalizing in criminal offenders with psychotic disorders: Associations with clinical symptoms.
Disentangling brain functional network remodeling in corticobasal syndrome – A multimodal MRI study
Neural correlates of resilience to the effects of hippocampal atrophy on memory
Hungry for compliments? Ghrelin is not associated with neural responses to social rewards or their pleasantness
Hierarchical and Nonlinear Dynamics in Prefrontal Cortex Regulate the Precision of Perceptual Beliefs
Static and dynamic functional connectivity of the habenula in late-life depression patient with suicidal ideation.
MRI Evidence: Acute Mountain Sickness Is Not Associated with Cerebral Edema Formation during Simulated High Altitude
Mapping quantal touch using 7 Tesla functional magnetic resonance imaging and single-unit intraneural microstimulation
Disruption of Semantic Network in Mild Alzheimer’s Disease Revealed by Resting-State fMRI
Abnormal Default-Mode Network Homogeneity in Melancholic and Nonmelancholic Major Depressive Disorder at Rest
Evidence for a Caregiving Instinct: Rapid Differentiation of Infant from Adult Vocalizations Using Magnetoencephalography
Multiple examinations indicated associations between abnormal regional homogeneity and cognitive dysfunction in major depressive disorder
Induced Brain Plasticity after a Facilitation Programme for Autobiographical Memory in Multiple Sclerosis: A Preliminary Study
Altered inter-hemispheric communication of default-mode and visual networks underlie etiology of primary insomnia : Altered inter-hemispheric communication underlie etiology of insomnia.
Neighborhood poverty predicts altered neural and behavioral response inhibition.
"Responses in left inferior frontal gyrus are altered for speech‐in‐noise processing, but not for clear speech in autism"
Working memory training increases neural efficiency in Parkinson’s disease: a randomized controlled trial
A model-guided dissociation between subcortical and cortical contributions to word recognition
"Fear Spreading Across Senses: Visual Emotional Events Alter Cortical Responses to Touch, Audition, and Vision"
Neural correlates of enhanced response inhibition in the aftermath of stress.
Altered fractional amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation in women with premenstrual syndrome via acupuncture at Sanyinjiao (SP6)
Brain Activation and Psychomotor Speed in Middle-Aged Patients with Type 1 Diabetes: Relationships with Hyperglycemia and Brain Small Vessel Disease
Voxel-based morphometry versus region of interest: a comparison of two methods for analyzing gray matter differences in schizophrenia.
Neural correlates of impulse control behaviors in Parkinson’s disease: Analysis of multimodal imaging data
Brain dysfunction in gait disorders of Caribbean atypical Parkinsonism and progressive supranuclear palsy patients: A comparative study
Neural processes during adolescent risky decision making are associated with conformity to peer influence
Verification of the Four-Stage Model of Humor Processing: Evidence from an fMRI Study by Three-Element Verbal Jokes
Snap Your Fingers! An ERP/sLORETA Study Investigating Implicit Processing of Self- vs. Other-Related Movement Sounds Using the Passive Oddball Paradigm
Effects of emotional maltreatment on semantic network activity during cognitive reappraisal.
Imaging object-scene relations processing in visible and invisible natural scenes
Longitudinal changes in human supraspinal processing after RIII-feedback training to improve descending pain inhibition.
Women at Greater Sexual Risk for STIs/HIV Have a Lower Mesolimbic and Affective Bias Response to Sexual Stimuli
Calorie information and dieting status modulate reward and control activation during the evaluation of food images
Convergence Analysis of Micro-Lesions (CAML): An approach to mapping of diffuse lesions from carotid revascularization
One Month of Oral Morphine Decreases Gray Matter Volume in the Right Amygdala of Individuals with Low Back Pain: Confirmation of Previously Reported Magnetic Resonance Imaging Results
Individual Differences in Adult Reading Are Associated with Left Temporo-parietal to Dorsal Striatal Functional Connectivity.
Widespread Intra- and Inter-Network Dysconnectivity among Large-Scale Resting State Networks in Schizophrenia
Identifying distinctive brain regions related to consumer choice behaviors on branded foods using activation likelihood estimation and machine learning
The mental simulation of state/psychological stimuli in anxiety disorders: A 3T fMRI study.
Brain hemodynamic activity during viewing and re-viewing of comedy movies explained by experienced humor
Working memory brain activity and capacity link MAOA polymorphism to aggressive behavior during development
Functional Connectivity of Anterior Insula Predicts Recovery of Patients With Disorders of Consciousness
Tribal love: the neural correlates of passionate engagement in football fans
Distributed Patterns of Reactivation Predict Vividness of Recollection.
Autobiographical Memory Retrieval and Hippocampal Activation as a Function of Repetition and the Passage of Time
Spontaneous neural activity in the three principal networks underlying delay discounting: a resting-state fMRI study
Predicting Motor Imagery Performance From Resting-State EEG Using Dynamic Causal Modeling
Neurofunctional basis underlying audiovisual integration of print and speech sound in Chinese children.
Neural Correlates of Facial Emotion Recognition in Non-help-seeking University Students With Ultra-High Risk for Psychosis
"Cerebellum, Basal Ganglia, and Cortex Mediate Performance of an Aerial Pursuit Task"
A Mechanism-Based Approach to Anti-Aggression Psychotherapy in Borderline Personality Disorder: Group Treatment Affects Amygdala Activation and Connectivity
Computer-Based Cognitive Training Improves Brain Functional Connectivity in the Attentional Networks: A Study With Primary School-Aged Children
Autobiographical memory: a candidate latent vulnerability mechanism for psychiatric disorder following childhood maltreatment
Development of navigation network revealed by resting-state and task-state functional connectivity.
Reduced left precentral regional responses in patients with major depressive disorder and history of suicide attempts
The Effect of Mineralocorticoid and Glucocorticoid Receptor Antagonism on Autobiographical Memory Recall and Amygdala Response to Implicit Emotional Stimuli
Social and Non-social Reward Processing and Depressive Symptoms Among Sexual Minority Adolescents
Attenuated effective connectivity of large-scale brain networks in children with autism spectrum disorders
A dynamic causal model on self-regulation of aversive emotion
Pattern of Reduced Functional Connectivity and Structural Abnormalities in Parkinson’s Disease: An Exploratory Study
Brain Activation during Thoughts of One’s Own Death and Its Linear and Curvilinear Correlations with Fear of Death in Elderly Individuals: An fMRI Study
Posterior cingulate cortex spontaneous activity associated with motor response inhibition in patients with obsessive-compulsive disorder: A resting-state fMRI study.
Resting-state functional connectivity is modulated by cognitive reserve in early Parkinson’s disease
Localization of asymmetric brain function in emotion and depression.
An ALE meta-analytic review of musical expertise
Limbic and cortical control of phonation for speech in response to a public speech preparation stressor
Interaction of irritability and anxiety on emotional responding and emotion regulation: a functional MRI study
Socioeconomic and cognitive roots of trait anxiety in young adults
Histamine H3 receptor density is negatively correlated with neural activity related to working memory in humans
Time for a paradigm shift: The adolescent brain in addiction treatment
Resting-state functional connectivity alterations in periventricular nodular heterotopia related epilepsy
Somatotopic Semantic Priming and Prediction in the Motor System
Frontostriatal Dysfunction During Decision Making in Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder and Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder
Food-Related Brain Activation Measured by fMRI in Adults with Prader–Willi Syndrome
Abnormal Dynamic Functional Connectivity of the Left Rostral Hippocampus in Predicting Antidepressant Efficacy in Major Depressive Disorder
Computerized working memory training for hypertensive individuals with executive function impairment: a randomized clinical trial
A Novel Approach for Dynamic Testing of Total Hip Dislocation under Physiological Conditions
Dopamine receptor D4 (DRD4) polymorphisms with reduced functional potency intensify atrophy in syndrome-specific sites of frontotemporal dementia
White matter integrity alterations in post-traumatic stress disorder.
Morphological Neuroimaging Biomarkers for Tinnitus: Evidence Obtained by Applying Machine Learning
Language modulates brain activity underlying representation of kinship terms
Behavioral and Neural Correlates of Communication via Pointing
Neural Correlates of Drug-Biased Choice in Currently Using and Abstinent Individuals With Cocaine Use Disorder.
Decreased Functional Connectivity of the Core Pain Matrix in Herpes Zoster and Postherpetic Neuralgia Patients
Distinct Neural Components of Visually Guided Grasping during Planning and Execution
Dominant hemisphere functional networks compensate for structural connectivity loss to preserve phonological retrieval with aging
Cerebral Representation of Sound Localization Using Functional Near-Infrared Spectroscopy
Effects of Intensity of Facial Expressions on Amygdalar Activation Independently of Valence
Seeing your own or someone else's hand moving in accordance with your action: The neural interaction of agency and hand identity
Neural correlates of positive and negative performance feedback in younger and older adults
Intrinsic Functional Connectivity of the Anterior Cingulate Cortex Is Associated with Tolerance to Distress
Lutein and Zeaxanthin Are Positively Associated with Visual–Spatial Functioning in Older Adults: An fMRI Study
Functional Connectivity Changes in Obsessive–Compulsive Disorder Correspond to Interference Control and Obsessions Severity
fMRI measurements of amygdala activation are confounded by stimulus correlated signal fluctuation in nearby veins draining distant brain regions
Longitudinal changes in resting state networks in early presymptomatic carriers of C9orf72 expansions
Enhanced Regional Homogeneity and Functional Connectivity in Subjects With White Matter Hyperintensities and Cognitive Impairment
Emotion Regulation Using Virtual Environments and Real-Time fMRI Neurofeedback
An fMRI investigation of the neural correlates underlying the autonomous sensory meridian response (ASMR)
The (in)stability of functional brain network measures across thresholds.
Cortical and subcortical response to the anticipation of reward in high and average/low risk-taking adolescents
Alterations in intra- and inter-network connectivity associated with cognition impairment in insulinoma patients
Altered regional activity and connectivity of functional brain networks in congenital unilateral conductive hearing loss
Bilingualism and creativity across development: Evidence from divergent thinking and convergent thinking
Reduced Cortical Thickness in Primary Open-Angle Glaucoma and Its Relationship to the Retinal Nerve Fiber Layer Thickness
Lobular patterns of cerebellar resting-state connectivity in adults with Autism Spectrum Disorder.
Abnormal amplitude of low‐frequency fluctuations and functional connectivity of resting‐state functional magnetic resonance imaging in patients with leukoaraiosis
Temporal dynamics of cerebral blood flow during the first year after moderate-severe traumatic brain injury: A longitudinal perfusion MRI study
Are Autistic Traits in the General Population Related to Global and Regional Brain Differences?
A brain-derived metric for preferred kinetic stimuli
Alzheimer's and vascular disease classification using regional texture biomarkers in FLAIR MRI.
"Neural activation patterns of successful episodic encoding: Reorganization during childhood, maintenance in old age"
Unaltered Brain GABA Concentrations and Resting fMRI Activity in Functional Dyspepsia With and Without Comorbid Depression
Effects of Anosognosia on Static and Dynamic Amplitudes of Low-Frequency Fluctuation in Mild Cognitive Impairment
As time goes by: hippocampal connectivity changes with remoteness of autobiographical memory retrieval.
"Abnormal dynamic functional network connectivity of the mirror neuron system network and the mentalizing network in patients with adolescent-onset, first-episode, drug-naïve schizophrenia."
Aberrant thalamocortical connectivity and shifts between the resting state and task state in patients with schizophrenia.
Reinforcer pathology: Common neural substrates for delay discounting and snack purchasing in prediabetics.
Differential dysfunctions related to alcohol and cannabis use disorder symptoms in reward and error-processing neuro-circuitries in adolescents
A History of Psychosis in Bipolar Disorder is Associated With Gray Matter Volume Reduction.
Monkey dorsolateral prefrontal cortex shows anatomically and functionally specific responses to sequential but not temporal or image changes
Posterior Midline Activation during Symptom Provocation in Acute Stress Disorder: An fMRI Study
Acupuncture Treatment Modulates the Connectivity of Key Regions of the Descending Pain Modulation and Reward Systems in Patients with Chronic Low Back Pain
The lexical categorization model: A computational model of left ventral occipito-temporal cortex activation in visual word recognition
Resting state in Parkinson's disease dementia and dementia with Lewy bodies: commonalities and differences
"Dynamic analysis of the individual patterns of intakes, voids, and bladder sensations reported in bladder diaries collected in the LURN study"
Cortical Brain Changes in Patients With Locked-In Syndrome Experiencing Hallucinations and Delusions
The involvement of spontaneous brain activity in natural recovery from internet gaming disorder: A resting-state fMRI study
Evidencing a place for the hippocampus within the core scene processing network
Alterations in Spontaneous Brain Activity and Functional Network Reorganization following Surgery in Children with Medically Refractory Epilepsy: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Neuropsychological Activations and Networks While Performing Visual and Kinesthetic Motor Imagery
Inter- and Intra-Individual Covariations of Hemodynamic and Oscillatory Gamma Responses in the Human Cortex
Cognitive correlates of α4β2 nicotinic acetylcholine receptors in mild Alzheimer’s dementia
Aberrant functional connectivity network in subjective memory complaint individuals relates to pathological biomarkers
Diagnostic discontinuity in psychosis: a combined study of cortical gyrification and functional connectivity.
"Parahippocampal deactivation and hyperactivation of central executive, saliency and social cognition networks in autism spectrum disorder"
Structural and cognitive deficits in chronic carbon monoxide intoxication: a voxel-based morphometry study
Effects of Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation on Cognitive Function in Patients With Stress-Related Depression: A Randomized Double-Blind fMRI and 1H-MRS Study
Right Lateralized Brain Reserve Offsets Age-Related Deficits in Ignoring Distraction
A meta‐analysis on shared and distinct neural correlates of the decision‐making underlying altruistic and retaliatory punishment
Do Overweight People Have Worse Cognitive Flexibility? Cues-Triggered Food Craving May Have a Greater Impact
On the Need of Objective Vigilance Monitoring: Effects of Sleep Loss on Target Detection and Task-Negative Activity Using Combined EEG/fMRI
Imaging the lower limb network in Parkinson’s disease
The participation of basolateral amygdala in the efficacy of acupuncture with deqi treating for functional dyspepsia.
"Volumetric, relaxometric and diffusometric correlates of psychotic experiences in a non-clinical sample of young adults"
Visualizing risky situations induces a stronger neural response in brain areas associated with mental imagery and emotions than visualizing non-risky situations
The intraparietal sulcus governs multisensory integration of audiovisual information based on task difficulty.
Abnormal Prefrontal Development in Pediatric Posttraumatic Stress Disorder: A Longitudinal Structural and Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study.
Altered activation in sensorimotor network after applying rTMS over the primary motor cortex at different frequencies
A Similarity-Based Process for Human Judgment in the Parietal Cortex
The Brain Structure and Intrinsic Characters of Falsification Thinking in Conditional Proposition Testing
Alterations of Static and Dynamic Functional Connectivity of the Nucleus Accumbens in Patients With Major Depressive Disorder
The Role of GABA in Human Motor Learning
Structural Brain Correlates Associated with Professional Handball Playing
Frontostriatal network dysfunction as a domain-general mechanism underlying phantom perception.
Brain Activation Induced by Myopic and Hyperopic Defocus From Spectacles
Neural Systems for Own-body Processing Align with Gender Identity Rather Than Birth-assigned Sex.
"""The Cooties Effect"": Amygdala Reactivity to Opposite- versus Same-sex Faces Declines from Childhood to Adolescence."
Individualized prediction of trait self-control from whole-brain functional connectivity.
Free-water-corrected diffusion and adrenergic/muscarinic antibodies in myalgic encephalomyelitis/chronic fatigue syndrome.
Takotsubo syndrome: How the broken heart deals with negative emotions
An fMRI Study Using a Combined Task of Interval Discrimination and Oddball Could Reveal Common Brain Circuits of Cognitive Change
Dynamic functional network connectivity discriminates mild traumatic brain injury through machine learning
Impact of Oxytocin on the neural correlates of fearful face processing in PTSD related to childhood Trauma
Neural correlates of episodic memory modulated by temporally delayed rewards
Genetic Subtype Differences in Neural Circuitry of Food Motivation in Prader-Willi Syndrome
Olfactory bulb volume and cortical thickness evolve during sommelier training
A normative model of brain responses to social scenarios reflects the maturity of children and adolescents’ social–emotional abilities
Neural Mechanisms for Accepting and Rejecting Artificial Social Partners in the Uncanny Valley
Altered Resting-State Amygdala Functional Connectivity after Real-Time fMRI Emotion Self-Regulation Training
Changes in the topological organization of the default mode network in autism spectrum disorder.
Gray matter alterations in chronic pain: A network-oriented meta-analytic approach
Left superior parietal lobe mediates the link between spontaneous mind-wandering tendency and task-switching performance.
Altered Coupling between Motion-Related Activation and Resting-State Brain Activity in the Ipsilesional Sensorimotor Cortex after Cerebral Stroke
APOE Effects on Default Mode Network in Chinese Cognitive Normal Elderly: Relationship with Clinical Cognitive Performance
Association between white matter hyperintensity load and grey matter atrophy in mild cognitive impairment is not unidirectional
Electroacupuncture for psychogenic erectile dysfunction: A resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study exploring the alteration of fractional amplitude of low frequency fluctuation
"Tics are caused by alterations in prefrontal areas, thalamus and putamen, while changes in the cingulate gyrus reflect secondary compensatory mechanisms"
Altered Granger Causal Connectivity of Resting-State Neural Networks in Patients With Leukoaraiosis-Associated Cognitive Impairment—A Cross-Sectional Study
Child brain exhibits a multi-rhythmic response to attachment cues
Behavioral Risk Elicits Selective Activation of the Executive System in Adolescents: Clinical Implications
Pain Mirrors: Neural Correlates of Observing Self or Others’ Facial Expressions of Pain
Hippocampal-subregion functional alterations associated with antidepressant effects and cognitive impairments of electroconvulsive therapy
Characteristics of the Fractional Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuation in Ocular Hypertension Patients: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Behavioral and Brain Activity Indices of Cognitive Control Deficits in Binge Drinkers
Shared Patterns of Brain Functional Connectivity for the Comorbidity between Migraine and Insomnia
Attention does not modulate neural responses to social stimuli in autism spectrum disorders
Attribution of emotions to body postures: An independent component analysis study of functional connectivity in autism.
Enhanced parietal cortex activation during location detection in children with autism
False Belief Reasoning in Adults with and without Autistic Spectrum Disorder: Similarities and Differences
fMRI evidence of neural abnormalities in the subcortical face processing system in ASD
Functional anatomy of impaired selective attention and compensatory processing in autism.
Atypical brain activation patterns during a face-to-face joint attention game in  adults with autism spectrum disorder.
Heightened brain response to pain anticipation in high-functioning adults with autism spectrum disorder.
Intrinsic functional network organization in high-functioning adolescents with autism spectrum disorder
Intrinsic hippocampal functional connectivity underlying rigid memory in children and adolescents with autism spectrum disorder: A case–control study
"Location, Location, Location: Alterations in the Functional Topography of Face- but not Object- or Place-Related Cortex in Adolescents with Autism"
Motor Abnormalities in Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder and Autism Spectrum Disorder Are Associated With Regional Grey Matter Volumes
Neural correlates of pragmatic language comprehension in autism spectrum disorders.
Neural Correlates of Visuomotor Learning in Autism
Neural Mechanisms of Vicarious Reward Processing in Adults with Autism Spectrum Disorder
Neural selectivity for communicative auditory signals in Phelan-McDermid syndrome
Neural substrates of numerosity estimation in autism.
Neurofeedback training of executive function in autism spectrum disorder: distinct effects on brain activity levels and compensatory connectivity changes
Neurological evaluation of the selection stage of metaphor comprehension in individuals with and without autism spectrum disorder
Shared and differential fractional amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation patterns at rest in major depressive disorders with or without sleep disturbance
Perceptual and Neural Response to Affective Tactile Texture Stimulation in Adults with Autism Spectrum Disorders
Identifying major depressive disorder with associated sleep disturbances through fMRI regional homogeneity at rest
Atypical Functional Connectivity of the Amygdala in Childhood Autism Spectrum Disorders during Spontaneous Attention to Eye-Gaze
Atypical spatiotemporal signatures of working memory brain processes in autism
Dysfunctions in brain networks supporting empathy: An fMRI study in adults with autism spectrum disorders
Considering the role of semantic memory in episodic future thinking: evidence from semantic dementia.
Pain sensitivity and fMRI pain-related brain activity in Alzheimer's disease.
Right anterior temporal lobe dysfunction underlies theory of mind impairments in  semantic dementia.
The neural correlates of verbal short-term memory in Alzheimer's disease: an fMRI study.
The prediction of rapid conversion to Alzheimer's disease in mild cognitive impairment using regional cerebral blood flow SPECT
Common and distinct patterns of gray matter alterations in young adults with borderline personality disorder and major depressive disorder.
Influence of microglial activation on neuronal function in Alzheimer's and Parkinson's disease dementia
Regions with different evoked frequency band responses during early-stage visual processing distinguish mild Alzheimer dementia from mild cognitive impairment and normal aging
"Shared and distinct reward neural mechanisms among patients with schizophrenia, major depressive disorder, and bipolar disorder: an effort-based functional imaging study."
Imaging of amyloid plaques and cerebral glucose metabolism in semantic dementia and Alzheimer’s disease
Episodic future thinking is impaired in the behavioural variant of frontotemporal dementia
"Assessing the ""social brain"" in dementia: Applying TASIT-S."
The neural correlates of auditory and visuospatial span in logopenic progressive  aphasia and Alzheimer's disease.
Age of Insomnia Onset Correlates with a Reversal of Default Mode Network and Supplementary Motor Cortex Connectivity
Altered Intra- and Inter-regional Functional Connectivity of the Anterior Cingulate Gyrus in Patients With Tremor-Dominant Parkinson’s Disease Complicated With Sleep Disorder
Functional connectivity of paired default mode network subregions in primary insomnia
Haunted by the past: old emotions remain salient in insomnia disorder
"Overactivation of posterior insular, postcentral and temporal regions during preserved experience of envy in autism."
Positive effects of neurofeedback on autism symptoms correlate with brain activation during imitation and observation.
fMRI response to spatial working memory in adolescents with comorbid marijuana and alcohol use disorders.
Dopaminergic brainstem disconnection is common to pharmacological and pathological consciousness perturbation
Altered anterior cingulate cortex subregional connectivity associated with cognitions for distinguishing the spectrum of pre-clinical Alzheimer’s disease
Altered Frequency-Dependent Brain Activation and White Matter Integrity Associated With Cognition in Characterizing Preclinical Alzheimer’s Disease Stages
"Altered Functional Connectivity of the Basal Nucleus of Meynert in Subjective Cognitive Impairment, Early Mild Cognitive Impairment, and Late Mild Cognitive Impairment"
Altered Insular Subregional Connectivity Associated With Cognitions for Distinguishing the Spectrum of Pre-clinical Alzheimer's Disease
Altered Patterns of Functional Connectivity and Causal Connectivity in Salience Subnetwork of Subjective Cognitive Decline and Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment
Disrupted Dynamic Functional Connectivity in Distinguishing Subjective Cognitive Decline and Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment Based on the Triple-Network Model
Distinct Disruptive Patterns of Default Mode Subnetwork Connectivity Across the Spectrum of Preclinical Alzheimer’s Disease
"Divergent Connectivity Changes in Gray Matter Structural Covariance Networks in Subjective Cognitive Decline, Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment, and Alzheimer’s Disease"
Functional and structural alterations of dorsal attention network in preclinical and early‐stage Alzheimer's disease
"Regional patterns of gray matter volume, hypometabolism, and beta-amyloid in groups at risk of Alzheimer's disease."
[Analysis of changes in intrinsic neural timescales in male smoking addicts based on whole brain resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging].
A cross-cultural fMRI investigation of cannabis approach bias in individuals with cannabis use disorder
Altered neural correlates of reward and loss processing during simulated slot-machine fMRI in pathological gambling and cocaine dependence.
An fMRI analysis of verbal and non-verbal working memory in people with a past history of opioid dependence
Behavioral and neural sensitivity to uncertain threat in individuals with alcohol use disorder: Associations with drinking behaviors and motives.
Brain activation during processing of angry facial expressions in patients with alcohol dependency
Cocaine Destroys Gray Matter Brain Cells and Accelerates Brain Aging
Craving and Cue Reactivity in Nicotine-Dependent Tobacco Smokers Is Associated With Different Insula Networks.
"Cue Reactivity in the Ventral Striatum Characterizes Heavy Cannabis Use, Whereas Reactivity in the Dorsal Striatum Mediates Dependent Use."
Cue reactivity is associated with duration and severity of alcohol dependence: an FMRI study.
Decreased information processing speed and decision-making performance in alcohol use disorder: combined neurostructural evidence from VBM and TBSS.
Different Olfactory Perception in Heroin Addicts Using Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging
Differential reward network functional connectivity in cannabis dependent and non-dependent users.
Aberrant functional connectivity differentiates retrosplenial cortex from posterior cingulate cortex in prodromal Alzheimer's disease.
Auditory Stimulation Modulates Resting-State Functional Connectivity in Unresponsive Wakefulness Syndrome Patients
Altered Spontaneous Brain Activity in Patients With Diabetic Osteoporosis Using Regional Homogeneity: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
A Common Function of Basal Ganglia-Cortical Circuits Subserving Speed in Both Motor and Cognitive Domains
Differentiation of multiple system atrophy subtypes by gray matter atrophy.
Neural mechanisms of savant calendar calculating in autism: An MEG-study of few single cases
Increased Gray Matter Volume and Resting-State Functional Connectivity in Somatosensory Cortex and their Relationship with Autistic Symptoms in Young Boys with Autism Spectrum Disorder
"Recognizing visual speech: Reduced responses in visual-movement regions, but not other speech regions in autism"
Resting-State Brain Network Dysfunctions Associated With Visuomotor Impairments in Autism Spectrum Disorder
Similar Brain Activation during False Belief Tasks in a Large Sample of Adults with and without Autism
Social and monetary reward processing in autism spectrum disorders
Social intelligence in the normal and autistic brain: an fMRI study.
Altered transfer of visual motion information to parietal association cortex in untreated first-episode psychosis: Implications for pursuit eye tracking
The Action Imitation network and motor imitation in children and adolescents with autism
The brain response to personally familiar faces in autism: findings of fusiform activity and beyond.
"The Cerebellum Gets Social: Evidence from an Exploratory Study of Cerebellar, Neurodevelopmental, and Psychiatric Disorders"
The cerebellum is linked to theory of mind alterations in autism. A direct clinical and MRI comparison between individuals with autism and cerebellar neurodegenerative pathologies
The neural basis of deictic shifting in linguistic perspective-taking in high-functioning autism
The role of mirroring and mentalizing networks in mediating action intentions in autism
Transdiagnostic deviant facial recognition for implicit negative emotion in autism and schizophrenia.
Underconnectivity of the superior temporal sulcus predicts emotion recognition deficits in autism.
Dorsal‐movement and ventral‐form regions are functionally connected during visual‐speech recognition
Effects of Overweight or Obesity on Brain Resting State Functional Connectivity of Children with Autism Spectrum Disorder.
Twelve-Month Metabolic Declines in Probable Alzheimer's Disease and Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment Assessed Using an Empirically Pre-Defined Statistical Region-of-Interest: Findings from the Alzheimer's Disease Neuroimaging Initiative
Altered Cerebro-Cerebellar Limbic Network in AD Spectrum: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Altered connectivity among emotion-related brain regions during short-term memory in Alzheimer's disease
Altered Directed Functional Connectivity of the Hippocampus in Mild Cognitive Impairment and Alzheimer’s Disease: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Anhedonia in Semantic Dementia—Exploring Right Hemispheric Contributions to the Loss of Pleasure
Anosognosia in Mild Cognitive Impairment: Lack of Awareness of Memory Difficulties Characterizes Prodromal Alzheimer's Disease
Assessment of Functional Characteristics of Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment and Alzheimer's Disease Using Various Methods of Resting-State FMRI Analysis
Association between precuneus volume and autobiographical memory impairment in posterior cortical atrophy: Beyond the visual syndrome
Association of 25‐hydroxyvitamin D status with brain volume changes
Attention and Functional Connectivity Among Patients With Early-Stage Subcortical Ischemic Vascular Disease and Alzheimer’s Disease
Auditory hedonic phenotypes in dementia: A behavioural and neuroanatomical analysis
Brain perfusion in dementia with Lewy bodies and Alzheimer’s disease: an arterial spin labeling MRI study on prodromal and mild dementia stages
Brain structural and functional anomalies associated with simultanagnosia in patients with posterior cortical atrophy
CATEGORICAL AND CORRELATIONAL ANALYSES OF BASELINE FLUORODEOXYGLUCOSE POSITRON EMISSION TOMOGRAPHY IMAGES FROM THE ALZHEIMER’S DISEASE NEUROIMAGING INITIATIVE (ADNI)
Characteristics of Regional Cerebral Blood Flow in Alzheimer Disease and Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment by Single-Photon Emission Computerized Tomography: A Cross-Sectional Study
Characteristics of the default mode functional connectivity in normal ageing and Alzheimer's disease using resting state fMRI with a combined approach of entropy-based and graph theoretical measurements
Characterization of the Meal-Stimulated Incretin Response and Relationship With Structural Brain Outcomes in Aging and Alzheimer’s Disease
"Cholinergic dysfunction, neurodegeneration, and amyloid-beta pathology in neurodegenerative diseases."
"Cholinergic receptor binding in unimpaired older adults, mild cognitive impairment, and Alzheimer’s disease dementia"
Cholinesterase inhibition modulates visual and attentional brain responses in Alzheimer's disease and health.
Cognitive and affective theory of mind in dementia with Lewy bodies and Alzheimer’s disease
Cognitive Impairment and Structural Abnormalities in Late Life Depression with Olfactory Identification Impairment: an Alzheimer’s Disease-Like Pattern
Common and unique gray matter correlates of episodic memory dysfunction in frontotemporal dementia and Alzheimer's disease.
Comparative semantic profiles in semantic dementia and Alzheimer’s disease
Coupling Between Hippocampal Parenchymal Fraction and Cortical Grey Matter Atrophy at Different Stages of Cognitive Decline
Altered complexity of resting-state BOLD activity in Alzheimer’s disease-related neurodegeneration: a multiscale entropy analysis
A Pilot Study on Brain Plasticity of Functional Connectivity Modulated by Cognitive Training in Mild Alzheimer’s Disease and Mild Cognitive Impairment
The relationship between depressive symptoms and cognitive function in Alzheimer's disease: The mediating effect of amygdala functional connectivity and radiomic features.
"Different white matter abnormalities between the first-episode, treatment-naive patients with posttraumatic stress disorder and generalized anxiety disorder without comorbid conditions."
Sex effects on differentiating patients with major depressive disorder from bipolar disorder in depressive state: A fMRI study with follow-up.
Shared and distinct brain fMRI response during performance of working memory tasks in adult patients with schizophrenia and major depressive disorder
Shared and distinct patterns of dynamic functional connectivity variability of thalamo-cortical circuit in bipolar depression and major depressive disorder.
Shared and specific characteristics of regional cerebral blood flow and functional connectivity in unmedicated bipolar and major depressive disorders.
Similar and Different Regional Homogeneity Changes Between Bipolar Disorder and Unipolar Depression: A Resting-State fMRI Study
"Similarities and differences of functional connectivity in drug-naïve, first-episode adolescent and young adult with major depressive disorder and schizophrenia"
Specific Gray Matter Volume Changes of the Brain in Unipolar and Bipolar Depression
Subcortical and ventral prefrontal cortical neural responses to facial expressions distinguish patients with bipolar disorder and major depression.
The regional homogeneity of cingulate-precuneus regions: The putative biomarker for depression and anxiety.
The regulation of positive and negative emotions through instructed causal attributions in lifetime depression – A functional magnetic resonance imaging study
The Role of Motivation in Cognitive Reappraisal for Depressed Patients.
Three major psychiatric disorders share specific dynamic alterations of intrinsic brain activity.
Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation Over the Prefrontal Cortex in Depression Modulates Cortical Excitability in Emotion Regulation Regions as Measured by Concurrent Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging: An Exploratory Study.
Transdiagnostic alterations in neural emotion regulation circuits – neural substrates of cognitive reappraisal in patients with depression and post-traumatic stress disorder
Unique Functional Abnormalities in Youth with Combined Marijuana Use and Depression: An fMRI Study
Variation in the corticotropin-releasing hormone receptor 1 (CRHR1) gene influences fMRI signal responses during emotional stimulus processing.
Working memory updating in individuals with bipolar and unipolar depression: fMRI study
An fMRI study of reward circuitry in patients with minimal or extensive history of major depression.
Attention control and its emotion-specific association with cognitive emotion regulation in depression.
Comparison of gray matter volume between migraine and “strict-criteria” tension-type headache
Patterns of gray matter alterations in migraine and restless legs syndrome
"Cortico-Limbic Responses to Masked Affective Faces Across PTSD, Panic Disorder, and Specific phobia"
Diffusion tensor imaging and tract-based spatial statistics in Alzheimer's disease and mild cognitive impairment.
Altered Functional and Causal Connectivity of Cerebello-Cortical Circuits between Multiple System Atrophy (Parkinsonian Type) and Parkinson’s Disease
Comparing abnormalities of amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations in multiple system atrophy and idiopathic Parkinson's disease measured with resting-state fMRI.
Neural Biomarkers for Identifying Atopic Dermatitis and Assessing Acupuncture Treatment Response Using Resting-State fMRI
Neural networks associated with body composition in frontotemporal dementia
Neural Substrates of Semantic Prospection – Evidence from the Dementias
Neuroanatomic substrates of semantic memory impairment in Alzheimer’s disease: Patterns of functional MRI activation
Pathology‐specific patterns of cerebellar atrophy in neurodegenerative disorders
Patterns of Cerebellar Gray Matter Atrophy Across Alzheimer’s Disease Progression
Patterns of cerebellar volume loss in dementia with Lewy bodies and Alzheimer׳s disease: A VBM-DARTEL study
Patterns of olfactory functional networks in Parkinson's disease dementia and Alzheimer's dementia.
Perfusion abnormalities in mild cognitive impairment and mild dementia in Alzheimer's disease measured by pulsed arterial spin labeling MRI.
Predicting the efficacy of donepezil intervention in Alzheimer’s disease patients using regional homogeneity in the inferior orbitofrontal cortex
Predictive Models Based on Support Vector Machines: Whole-Brain versus Regional Analysis of Structural MRI in the Alzheimer's Disease.
Prolonged cholinergic enrichment influences regional cortical activation in early Alzheimer’s disease
Quantitative susceptibility mapping to evaluate the early stage of Alzheimer's disease☆
Regional brain activity after prolonged cholinergic enhancement in early Alzheimer's disease
Reorganization of rich clubs in functional brain networks of dementia with Lewy bodies and Alzheimer's disease.
Should I trust you? Learning and memory of social interactions in dementia.
"Structural and Functional Abnormalities of Olfactory-Related Regions in Subjective Cognitive Decline, Mild Cognitive Impairment, and Alzheimer’s Disease"
Disorder-specific brain volumetric abnormalities in Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder relative to Autism Spectrum Disorder
Structure and function of medial temporal and posteromedial cortices in early Alzheimer's disease.
Swallowing intentional off-state in aging and Alzheimer’s disease: preliminary study
The functional neuroanatomy of musical memory in Alzheimer's disease
The increased effective connectivity from left middle occipital gyrus to right medial septum/diagonal bands in AD patients after donepezil intervention
"The Mirror Neurons Network in Aging, Mild Cognitive Impairment, and Alzheimer Disease: A functional MRI Study"
Neural basis of motivational approach and withdrawal behaviors in neurodegenerative disease
Multiparametric imaging hippocampal neurodegeneration and functional connectivity with simultaneous PET/MRI in Alzheimer’s disease
Mapping the patterns of cortical thickness in single- and multiple-domain amnestic mild cognitive impairment patients: a pilot study
Frontal and temporal lobe contributions to emotional enhancement of memory in behavioral-variant frontotemporal dementia and Alzheimer's disease
ADHD and ASD: distinct brain patterns of inhibition-related activation?
Disconnection of the right superior parietal lobule from the precuneus is associated with memory impairment in oldest-old Alzheimer's disease patients
Disrupted Balance of Gray Matter Volume and Directed Functional Connectivity in Mild Cognitive Impairment and Alzheimer’s Disease
Disrupted balance of long and short-range functional connectivity density in Alzheimer’s disease (AD) and mild cognitive impairment (MCI) patients: a resting-state fMRI study
Dissociable Functional Brain Networks Associated With Apathy in Subcortical Ischemic Vascular Disease and Alzheimer’s Disease
Distinct Brain Functional Impairment Patterns Between Suspected Non-Alzheimer Disease Pathophysiology and Alzheimer’s Disease: A Study Combining Static and Dynamic Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging
Distinct Spontaneous Brain Activity Patterns in Different Biologically-Defined Alzheimer’s Disease Cognitive Stage: A Preliminary Study
False Recognition in Behavioral Variant Frontotemporal Dementia and Alzheimer's Disease—Disinhibition or Amnesia?
fMRI studies of associative encoding in young and elderly controls and mild Alzheimer's disease.
Frequency-dependent changes in fractional amplitude of low-frequency oscillations in Alzheimer's disease: a resting-state fMRI study.
Functional connectivity in cortical regions in dementia with Lewy bodies and Alzheimer's disease.
Interactions between sleep disturbances and Alzheimer’s disease on brain function: a preliminary study combining the static and dynamic functional MRI
Functional connectivity in dementia with Lewy bodies: A within‐ and between‐network analysis
"Functional-structural degeneration in dorsal and ventral attention systems for Alzheimer's disease, amnestic mild cognitive impairment."
Gradual Disturbances of the Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuations (ALFF) and Fractional ALFF in Alzheimer Spectrum
Gray matter structural covariance networks changes along the Alzheimer's disease continuum
HIPPOCAMPAL HYPOMETABOLISM PREDICTS COGNITIVE DECLINE FROM NORMAL AGING
How early can we predict Alzheimer's disease using computational anatomy?
Imaging Correlates of Posterior Cortical Atrophy
In vivo exploration of synaptic projections in frontotemporal dementia
Insular atrophy at the prodromal stage of dementia with Lewy bodies: a VBM DARTEL study
Insulin resistance and gray matter volume in neurodegenerative disease
"Executive dysfunction in cocaine addiction: evidence for discordant frontal, cingulate, and cerebellar activity."
Impulsivity-related brain volume deficits in schizophrenia-addiction comorbidity.
Intrinsic Resting-State Activity in Older Adults With Video Game Experience
Neural Response to Low Energy and High Energy Foods in Bulimia Nervosa and Binge Eating Disorder: A Functional MRI Study
Reward processing in major depressive disorder and prediction of treatment response - Neuropharm study.
Resting-state brain alteration after a single dose of SSRI administration predicts 8-week remission of patients with major depressive disorder.
Executive function deficits in patients with the first episode of late-life depression before and after SSRI treatment: A pilot fMRI study.
Effect of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor on prefrontal-striatal connectivity is dependent on the level of TNF-α in patients with major depressive disorder.
Increased ventromedial prefrontal cortex activity and connectivity predict poor sertraline treatment outcome in late-life depression.
Frontoparietal Activation During Response Inhibition Predicts Remission to Antidepressants in Patients With Major Depression.
Emotional faces processing in major depressive disorder and prediction of antidepressant treatment response: A NeuroPharm study.
The Influence of Acute SSRI Administration on White Matter Microstructure in Patients Suffering From Major Depressive Disorder and Healthy Controls.
Circulating PACAP levels are associated with increased amygdala-default mode network resting-state connectivity in posttraumatic stress disorder.
Capsaicin 8% patch treatment for amputation stump and phantom limb pain: a clinical and functional MRI study.
Multiple Functional Brain Networks Related to Pain Perception Revealed by fMRI.
An fMRI-based neurologic signature of physical pain.
Remote activation of referred phantom sensation and cortical reorganization in human upper extremity amputees.
Brain somatic representation of phantom and intact limb: a fMRI study case report.
Subcortical structures involved in pain processing: evidence from single-trial fMRI.
Decoding the perception of pain from fMRI using multivariate pattern analysis.
Neural correlates of evoked phantom limb sensations.
Parietal Lobe Reorganization and Widespread Functional Connectivity Integration in Upper-Limb Amputees: A rs-fMRI Study
Phantom pain is associated with preserved structure and function in the former hand area
Phantom movements and pain. An fMRI study in upper limb amputees.
Control over brain activation and pain learned by using real-time functional MRI.
Brain activity changes associated with pain perception variability.
Reward Abnormalities Among Women with Full and Subthreshold Bulimia Nervosa: A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Binge Eating (BE) and Obesity: Brain Activity and Psychological Measures before and after Roux-En-Y Gastric Bypass (RYGB)
Brain source connectivity reveals the visceral pain network.
The effect of acutely administered MDMA on subjective and BOLD-fMRI responses to favourite and worst autobiographical memories.
Taxi vs. Taksi: On orthographic word recognition in the left ventral occipitotemporal cortex
Pain and temperature processing in dementia: a clinical and neuroanatomical analysis
Task-dependent modulation of regions in the left inferior frontal cortex during semantic processing.
Phonetic perception and the temporal cortex.
Going beyond the information given: a neural system supporting semantic interpretation.
Lateralization of phonetic and pitch discrimination in speech processing.
Human temporal-lobe response to vocal sounds.
Functional specialization for semantic and phonological processing in the left inferior prefrontal cortex.
Noun and verb retrieval by normal subjects. Studies with PET.
A cultural effect on brain function.
Human temporal lobe activation by speech and nonspeech sounds.
Voice-selective areas in human auditory cortex.
Modality independence of word comprehension.
Recognition of emotional prosody and verbal components of spoken language: an fMRI study.
Abnormal brain activation of adolescent internet addict in a ball-throwing animation task: Possible neural correlates of disembodiment revealed by fMRI
Temporal dynamic changes of intrinsic brain activity in schizophrenia with cigarette smoking.
Cigarette smoking and schizophrenia independently and reversibly altered intrinsic brain activity.
Nicotine in action: cigarette smoking modulated homotopic functional connectivity in schizophrenia.
Involvement of inferior parietal lobules in prospective memory impairment during acute MDMA (ecstasy) intoxication: an event-related fMRI study.
"Memory-related hippocampal dysfunction in poly-drug ecstasy (3,4-methylenedioxymethamphetamine) users."
MDMA intoxication and verbal memory performance: a placebo-controlled pharmaco-MRI study.
Assessment of cognitive brain function in ecstasy users and contributions of other drugs of abuse: results from an FMRI study.
Brain imaging of neuropathic pain.
Common cortical network for first and second pain.
Influence of trait anxiety on inhibitory control in alcohol-dependent patients: Simultaneous acquisition of ERPs and BOLD responses
The Dorsal Anterior Cingulate Cortex Modulates Dialectical Self-Thinking
Altered development of hippocampus-dependent associative learning following early-life adversity
Recovery and chronicity in anorexia nervosa: brain activity associated with differential outcomes.
"Temporoparietal Junction Functional Connectivity in Early
Schizophrenia and Major Depressive Disorder"
The neurodevelopmental differences of increasing verbal working memory demand in  children and adults.
As Working Memory Grows: A Developmental Account of Neural Bases of Working Memory Capacity in 5- to 8-Year Old Children and Adults.
Brain basis of developmental change in visuospatial working memory.
A developmental functional MRI study of spatial working memory.
Association of Habitual Checking Behaviors on Social Media With Longitudinal Functional Brain Development.
Brain Responses to Peer Feedback in Social Media Are Modulated by Valence in Late Adolescence
Methylphenidate normalises activation and functional connectivity deficits in attention and motivation networks in medication-naïve children with ADHD during a rewarded continuous performance task
Functional reorganization of brain activity in children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder: Evidence from the modulatory effect of cognitive demand during visuospatial attention task.
"The clinical, neuropsychological, and brain functional characteristics of the ADHD restrictive inattentive presentation"
The underlying neuropsychological and neural correlates of the impaired Chinese reading skills in children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.
Age-related changes in working memory during sentence comprehension: an fMRI study.
fMRI investigation of the cognitive structure of the Concealed Information Test.
Neural correlates of telling lies: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study at 4 Tesla.
Towards clinical trials of lie detection with fMRI.
Functional Interactions Between Neural Substrates of Socio-cognitive Mechanisms Involved in Simple Deception and Manipulative Truth.
Brain activity during simulated deception: an event-related functional magnetic resonance study.
Brain mapping of deception and truth telling about an ecologically valid situation: functional MR imaging and polygraph investigation--initial experience.
Development of memory for spatial context: hippocampal and cortical contributions.
Development of the neural correlates of recollection.
Developmental change in prefrontal cortex recruitment supports the emergence of value-guided memory
A boon and a bane: Comparing the effects of prior knowledge on memory across the lifespan.
Prediction of dispositional dialectical thinking from resting‐state electroencephalography
Cortical networks underlying successful control of nociceptive processing using real-time fMRI
A drama movie activates brains of holistic and analytical thinkers differentially
Distinct and shared cerebral activations in processing innocuous versus noxious contact heat revealed by functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Effect sizes and test-retest reliability of the fMRI-based neurologic pain signature.
Emotional modulation of experimental pain: a source imaging study of laser evoked potentials
Flexible cerebral connectivity patterns subserve contextual modulations of pain.
fMRI pain activation in the periaqueductal gray in healthy volunteers during the cold pressor test
Gender differences in functional connectivities between insular subdivisions and selective pain-related brain structures
Human brain activity associated with painful mechanical stimulation to muscle and bone
Human Brain Stem Structures Respond Differentially to Noxious Heat
Keeping an eye on pain expression in primary somatosensory cortex.
Network properties and regional brain morphology of the insular cortex correlate with individual pain thresholds
Neural and behavioral markers of observed pain of older adults.
Neural correlates of the prolonged salience of painful stimulation.
Pain Experience is Somatotopically Organized and Overlaps with Pain Anticipation in the Human Cerebellum
Pain-Evoked Reorganization in Functional Brain Networks.
Sex differences in brain activation to anticipated and experienced pain in the medial prefrontal cortex.
Somatotopic organization of human somatosensory cortices for pain: a single trial fMRI study.
Strategy-dependent modulation of cortical pain circuits for the attenuation of pain.
Strength of prefrontal activation predicts intensity of suggestion-induced pain.
Using Structural and Functional Brain Imaging to Investigate Responses to Acute Thermal Pain
Where pain meets action in the human brain.
Neural substrates of phonemic perception.
Neural correlates of lexical and sublexical processes in reading.
Dissociating reading processes on the basis of neuronal interactions.
The effect of constraining eye-contact during dynamic emotional face perception—an fMRI study
No Words for Feelings? Not Only for My Own: Diminished Emotional Empathic Ability in Alexithymia
Individual differences in socioaffective skills influence the neural bases of fear processing: the case of alexithymia.
Altered dynamic intrinsic brain activity of the default mode network in Alzheimer’s disease: A resting-state fMRI study
Altered Functional Connectivity of Cognitive-Related Cerebellar Subregions in Alzheimer’s Disease
Altered Functional Connectivity of Insular Subregions in Alzheimer’s Disease
Altered resting state networks in mild cognitive impairment and mild Alzheimer's  disease: an fMRI study.
Differences Changes in Cerebellar Functional Connectivity Between Mild Cognitive Impairment and Alzheimer's Disease: A Seed-Based Approach
Temporal dynamic changes of intrinsic brain activity in Alzheimer’s disease and mild cognitive impairment patients: a resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Differentially disrupted functional connectivity of the subregions of the inferior parietal lobule in Alzheimer's disease.
Identifying and Mapping Connectivity Patterns of Brain Network Hubs in Alzheimer's Disease.
Aberrant default mode network in subjects with amnestic mild cognitive impairment using resting-state functional MRI
Aberrant Functional Organization within and between Resting-State Networks in AD
Abnormal Default-Mode Network Homogeneity in Patients With Mild Cognitive Impairment in Chinese Communities
Abnormal Resting-State Functional Connectivity Strength in Mild Cognitive Impairment and Its Conversion to Alzheimer's Disease
Abnormal salience network in normal aging and in amnestic mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer's disease.
Alterations in resting-state functional connectivity of the default mode network in amnestic mild cognitive impairment: an fMRI study
Altered Default Mode Network Connectivity in Older Adults with Cognitive Complaints and Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment
Altered Functional Network Affects Amyloid and Structural Covariance in Alzheimer's Disease
Changes in Brain Function Networks in Patients With Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Contributions of Cerebro-Cerebellar Default Mode Connectivity Patterns to Memory Performance in Mild Cognitive Impairment
Right temporal degeneration and socioemotional semantics: semantic behavioural variant frontotemporal dementia.
Differences in Functional Brain Connectivity Alterations Associated with Cerebral Amyloid Deposition in Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment
Empathy and judging other's pain: an fMRI study of alexithymia.
The human mirror neuron system in a population with deficient self-awareness: an  fMRI study in alexithymia.
"Neuroimaging studies of word and pseudoword reading: consistencies, inconsistencies, and limitations."
Effect of impaired recognition and expression of emotions on frontocingulate cortices: an fMRI study of men with alexithymia.
Neural correlates of visual attention in alcohol use disorder.
Neural mechanisms of risky decision-making and reward response in adolescent onset cannabis use disorder.
Neural substrates involved in anger induced by audio-visual film clips among patients with alcohol dependency
Nucleus accumbens response to incentive stimuli anticipation in children of alcoholics: relationships with precursive behavioral risk and lifetime alcohol use.
Recovery of inhibitory control prefrontal cortex function in inpatients with heroin use disorder: a 15-week longitudinal fMRI study
Shared microstructural features of behavioral and substance addictions revealed in areas of crossing fibers.
Sleep disturbances are associated with cortical and subcortical atrophy in alcohol use disorder
"The BDNF p.Val66Met polymorphism, childhood trauma, and brain volumes in adolescents with alcohol abuse"
The effect of practice on a sustained attention task in cocaine abusers
The Neurophysiology of Implicit Alcohol Associations in Recently Abstinent Patients With Alcohol Use Disorder: An Event‐Related Potential Study Considering Gender Effects
Characteristics of amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations in the resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging of alcohol-dependent patients with depression.
A bias towards natural rewards away from gambling cues in gamblers undergoing active treatment.
A Preliminary Study of the Neural Correlates of the Intensities of Self-Reported Gambling Urges and Emotions in Men with Pathological Gambling
Alterations of Resting-State Static and Dynamic Functional Connectivity of the Dorsolateral Prefrontal Cortex in Subjects with Internet Gaming Disorder
Altered brain activation during response inhibition and error processing in subjects with Internet gaming disorder: a functional magnetic imaging study.
Altered core networks of brain connectivity and personality traits in internet gaming disorder
Altered hippocampal volume and functional connectivity in males with Internet gaming disorder comparing to those with alcohol use disorder
Alternation learning in pathological gamblers: an fMRI Study.
Amplified Striatal Responses to Near-Miss Outcomes in Pathological Gamblers
A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study of Pathophysiological Changes Responsible for Mirror Movements in Parkinson’s Disease
A functional MRI study of automatic movements in patients with Parkinson's disease.
A network centred on the inferior frontal cortex is critically involved in levodopa-induced dyskinesias.
An fMRI study on alexithymia and affective state recognition in the Reading the Mind in the Eyes Test.
Disrupted Causal Connectivity Anchored in the Posterior Cingulate Cortex in Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment
The Baseline and Longitudinal Changes of PCC Connectivity in Mild Cognitive Impairment: A Combined Structure and Resting-State fMRI Study
"A network analysis of interoception, self-awareness, empathy, alexithymia, and autistic traits."
Effect of language switching on arithmetic: a bilingual FMRI study.
Distinguishing between Dementia with Lewy Bodies and Alzheimer's Disease Using Metabolic Patterns
Interplay between Spinal Cord and Cerebral Cortex Metabolism in Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
Neurofunctional Correlates of Activities of Daily Living in Patients with Posterior Cortical Atrophy
Right Posterior Hypometabolism in Pisa Syndrome of Parkinson's Disease: A Key to Explain Body Schema Perception Deficit?
Brain Metabolic Decreases Related to the Dose of the ApoE E4 Allele in Alzheimer's Disease
Brain Metabolic Patterns in Patients with Suspected Non-Alzheimer's Pathophysiology (SNAP) and Alzheimer's Disease (AD): Is [18F] FDG a Specific Biomarker in These Patients?
Clinical and Metabolic Signature of UNC13A Rs12608932 Variant in Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
Glucose Metabolism in Early Onset versus Late Onset Alzheimer's Disease: An SPM Analysis of 120 Patients
Activation in the premotor cortex during mental calculation in patients with Alzheimer's disease: relevance of reduction in posterior cingulate metabolism.
Brain metabolic differences between pure bulbar and pure spinal ALS: a 2-[18F]FDG-PET study
Brain Network Alterations in Alzheimer's Disease Identified by Early-Phase PIB-PET
Free Language Selection in the Bilingual Brain: An Event-Related fMRI Study
Inhibitory control training reveals a common neurofunctional basis for generic executive functions and language switching in bilinguals
Interactive influence of self and other language behaviors: Evidence from switching between bilingual production and comprehension
Language control and lexical competition in bilinguals: an event-related FMRI study.
Sustained and transient language control in the bilingual brain
Neural control of cross-language asymmetry in the bilingual brain.
Multivariate and univariate neuroimaging biomarkers of Alzheimer's disease
Network degeneration in Parkinson's disease: multimodal imaging of nigro-striato-cortical dysfunction.
Neural substrates underlying progressive micrographia in Parkinson's disease
SPM-based count normalization provides excellent discrimination of mild Alzheimer's disease and amnestic mild cognitive impairment from healthy aging
The Metabolic Activity of Caudate and Prefrontal Cortex Negatively Correlates with the Severity of Idiopathic Parkinson’s Disease
Voxel-based mapping of grey matter volume and glucose metabolism profiles in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis
"Classification and Graphical Analysis of Alzheimer's Disease and Its Prodromal Stage Using Multimodal Features From Structural, Diffusion, and Functional Neuroimaging Data and the APOE Genotype"
Cerebral Metabolic Change in Parkinson's Disease Patients with Anxiety: A FDG-PET Study
Reduced Cerebral Glucose Metabolism in Patients at Risk for Alzheimer's Disease
In Vivo Mitochondrial and Glycolytic Impairments in Patients with Alzheimer Disease
"Language and task switching in the bilingual brain: Bilinguals are staying, not switching, experts."
Cognitive and neural mechanisms of voluntary versus forced language switching in Chinese-English bilinguals: an fMRI study.
Patterns and networks of language control in bilingual language production.
Functional brain imaging of speeded decision processing in Parkinson's disease and comparison with Schizophrenia.
Grey matter abnormalities are associated only with severe cognitive decline in early stages of Parkinson's disease.
Improving fMRI in Parkinson's disease by accounting for brain region-specific activity patterns.
Mapping track density changes in nigrostriatal and extranigral pathways in Parkinson's disease
Network structure of brain atrophy in de novo Parkinson's disease
Overlapping but Language-Specific Mechanisms in Morphosyntactic Processing in Highly Competent L2 Acquired at School Entry: fMRI Evidence From an Alternating Language Switching Task
Comparison of Grey Matter and Metabolic Reductions in Frontotemporal Dementia Using FDG-PET and Voxel-Based Morphometric MR Studies
Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis with SOD1 Mutations Shows Distinct Brain Metabolic Changes
Evaluation of the Effect of Training Using Auditory Stimulation on Rhythmic Movement in Parkinsonian Patients—a Combined Motor and [18F]-FDG PET Study
Voxel Based Comparison of Glucose Metabolism in the Differential Diagnosis of the Multiple System Atrophy Using Statistical Parametric Mapping
Reduced Blood Oxygenation Level Dependent Connectivity Is Related to Hypoperfusion in Alzheimer's Disease
Effects of Bilateral Subthalamic Nucleus Stimulation on Depressive Symptoms and Cerebral Glucose Metabolism in Parkinson's Disease: A 18F-Fluorodeoxyglucose Positron Emission Tomography/Computerized Tomography Study
Functional Interactions of the Entorhinal Cortex: An 18F-FDG PET Study on Normal Aging and Alzheimer's Disease
Longitudinal PET Evaluation of Cerebral Metabolic Decline in Dementia: A Potential Outcome Measure in Alzheimer's Disease Treatment Studies
Statistical Brain Mapping of 18F-FDG PET in Alzheimer's Disease: Validation of Anatomic Standardization for Atrophied Brains
Longitudinal Trimodal Imaging of Midbrain-Associated Network Degeneration in Parkinson's Disease
"Distinct Brain Metabolic Patterns Separately Associated with Cognition, Motor Function, and Aging in Parkinson's Disease Dementia"
Right orbitofrontal corticolimbic and left corticocortical white matter connectivity differentiate bipolar and unipolar depression.
Reward Processing in Unipolar and Bipolar Depression: A Functional MRI Study
Resting-state functional connectivity correlates of anxiety co-morbidity in major depressive disorder.
Representational dynamics of memories for real-life events
Circulating microRNAs correlate with structural and functional MRI parameters in patients with multiple sclerosis
The Fake IQ Test: a novel measure of self-reflection in major depressive disorder
Impaired spontaneous belief inference following acquired damage to the left posterior temporoparietal junction
The role of neurotransmitters in mediating the relationship between brain alterations and depressive symptoms in patients with inflammatory bowel disease
Impact of aversive affect on neural mechanisms of categorization decisions
Fractional Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuations and Functional Connectivity in Comatose Patients Subjected to Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging
"Overlapping and specific neural correlates for empathizing, affective mentalizing, and cognitive mentalizing: A coordinate‐based meta‐analytic study"
Neurological symptoms and disorders following electrical injury: A register-based matched cohort study
The retrosplenial cortex: A memory gateway between the cortical default mode network and the medial temporal lobe.
Change in emotional self‐concept following socio‐cognitive training relates to structural plasticity of the prefrontal cortex
The Role of the Left Anterior Temporal Lobe for Unpredictable and Complex Mappings in Word Reading
Plasma oxidative stress marker levels related to functional brain abnormalities in first-episode drug-naive major depressive disorder.
Inherent regional brain activity changes in male obstructive sleep apnea with mild cognitive impairment: A resting-state magnetic resonance study
Decreased cortical somatosensory finger representation in X-linked recessive bulbospinal neuronopathy (Kennedy disease): a magnetoencephalographic study.
Deductive‐reasoning brain networks: A coordinate‐based meta‐analysis of the neural signatures in deductive reasoning
Identifying Basal Ganglia Divisions in Individuals Using Resting-State Functional Connectivity MRI
Estradiol Modulates Neural and Behavioral Arousal in Women With Posttraumatic Stress Disorder During a Fear Learning and Extinction Task.
The involvement of emotion recognition in affective theory of mind.
Cytoarchitectonic mapping of the human frontal operculum—New correlates for a variety of brain functions
Discrete Neural Correlates for the Recognition of Negative Emotions: Insights from Frontotemporal Dementia
Regional Hurst Exponent Reflects Impulsivity-Related Alterations in Fronto-Hippocampal Pathways Within the Waiting Impulsivity Network
Gray Matter and White Matter Abnormalities in Temporal Lobe Epilepsy Patients with and without Hippocampal Sclerosis
Understanding Estimations of Magnitudes: An fMRI Investigation
Interference between two concurrent tasks is associated with activation of overlapping fields in the cortex.
Changes in local brain function in mild cognitive impairment due to semantic dementia
Decreased Peripheral and Central Responses to Acupuncture Stimulation following Modification of Body Ownership
The tract terminations in the temporal lobe: Their location and associated functions
Magnetization Transfer Imaging of Suicidal Patients with Major Depressive Disorder
Increased Ventral Striatal Volume in College-Aged Binge Drinkers
Group cognitive behavioral therapy modulates the resting-state functional connectivity of amygdala-related network in patients with generalized social anxiety disorder
"Altered intrinsic organisation of brain networks implicated in attentional processes in adult attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder: a resting-state study of attention, default mode and salience network connectivity."
Strengthened Default Mode Network Activation During Delay Discounting in Adolescents with Anorexia Nervosa After Partial Weight Restoration: A Longitudinal fMRI Study
Hyperacusis is associated with smaller gray matter volumes in the supplementary motor area
The White Matter Functional Abnormalities in Patients with Transient Ischemic Attack: A Reinforcement Learning Approach
Grey and white matter alteration in euthymic children with bipolar disorder: a combined source-based morphometry (SBM) and voxel-based morphometry (VBM) study.
Longitudinal brain structural alterations and systemic inflammation in obstructive sleep apnea before and after surgical treatment
Social Touch Reduces Pain Perception—An fMRI Study of Cortical Mechanisms
Disorder-specific functional abnormalities during sustained attention in youth with Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) and with Autism
Measurement of stretch-evoked brainstem function using fMRI
Neurological and behavioral features of locomotor imagery in the blind
Illuminating the prefrontal neural correlates of action sequence disassembling in response–response binding
Increased Inhibition of the Amygdala by the mPFC may Reflect a Resilience Factor in Post-traumatic Stress Disorder: A Resting-State fMRI Granger Causality Analysis
The effect of hunger state on hypothalamic functional connectivity in response to food cues
White matter integrity differences associated with post-traumatic stress disorder are not normalized by concurrent marijuana use.
Effects of a physical activity intervention on brain atrophy in older adults at risk of dementia: a randomized controlled trial.
PTSD and comorbid MDD is associated with activation of the right frontoparietal network
Processing linguistic complexity and grammaticality in the left frontal cortex.
Shared syntax in language production and language comprehension--an FMRI study.
Specialization in the left prefrontal cortex for sentence comprehension.
The role of left inferior frontal and superior temporal cortex in sentence comprehension: localizing syntactic and semantic processes.
The Science Underlying Giant Panda Conservation Translocations.
Giant Panda Identification.
Activity in fusiform face area modulated as a function of working memory load.
Working memory in another dimension: functional imaging of human olfactory working memory.
Activation of the prefrontal cortex in a nonspatial working memory task with functional MRI.
"Working memory for letters, shapes, and locations: fMRI evidence against stimulus-based regional organization in human prefrontal cortex."
Reproducibility of fMRI results across four institutions using a spatial working memory task.
A parametric study of prefrontal cortex involvement in human working memory.
Verbal Working Memory Load Affects Regional Brain Activation as Measured by PET.
Working memory of identification of emotional vocal expressions: an fMRI study.
Temporal dynamics of brain activation during a working memory task.
"Topographic segregation and convergence of verbal, object, shape and spatial working memory in humans."
Dissociating verbal and spatial working memory using PET.
The role of the lateral frontal cortex in mnemonic processing: the contribution of functional neuroimaging.
"The stressed hippocampus, synaptic plasticity and lost memories."
Physiological and physicochemical mechanisms in electroshock treatment.
Regarding fixed ring and floating ring pure moment application.
Revisiting the role of Broca's area in sentence processing: syntactic integration versus syntactic working memory.
Neural correlates of syntactic movement: converging evidence from two fMRI experiments.
The role of mid-insula in the relationship between cardiac interoceptive attention and anxiety: evidence from an fMRI study
Neural correlates of noncanonical syntactic processing revealed by a picture-sentence matching task.
Irritability and brain volume in adolescents: cross-sectional and longitudinal associations
Body odors (even when masked) make you more emotional: behavioral and neural insights
Dual processing streams in chemosensory perception
Sleep quality and its association with the insular cortex in emotional empathy.
Ballroom Dancing Promotes Neural Activity in the Sensorimotor System: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Neural Correlates of Anosognosia in Alzheimer's Disease and Mild Cognitive Impairment: A Multi-Method Assessment
Neural underpinnings of response inhibition in substance use disorders: weak meta-analytic evidence for a widely used construct
Resting State Functional Connectivity Associated With Sahaja Yoga Meditation
Work time allocation at primary health care level in two regions of Albania
Brain Networks Implicated in Seasonal Affective Disorder: A Neuroimaging PET Study of the Serotonin Transporter
Brain Activity Foreshadows Stock Price Dynamics
Altered cortical myelin in the salience and default mode networks in major depressive disorder patients: A surface-based analysis.
Brain plasticity after peripheral nerve injury treatment with massage therapy based on resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging
Increased interhemispheric functional connectivity during non-dominant hand movement in right-handed subjects
Voxel-Based Morphometry in Individuals at Genetic High Risk for Schizophrenia and Patients with Schizophrenia during Their First Episode of Psychosis
Neural basis of sentence processing in which incoming words form a sentence.
An event-related fMRI study of implicit phrase-level syntactic and semantic processing.
Form and content: dissociating syntax and semantics in sentence comprehension.
Neural basis of syntactic processing of simple sentences in Japanese.
Syntactic processing of complex sentences in left lateral premotor cortex.
Distributed cortical networks for syntax processing: Broca's area as the common denominator.
Hierarchical syntactic processing is beyond mere associating: Functional magnetic resonance imaging evidence from a novel artificial grammar
Resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging indices are related to electrophysiological dysfunction in degenerative cervical myelopathy
"Decoding the difference between explicit and implicit body expression representation in high level visual, prefrontal and inferior parietal cortex."
Alteration of global workspace during loss of consciousness: a study of parietal seizures.
Gray Matter Deficits and Dysfunction in the Insula Among Individuals With Intermittent Explosive Disorder
The After-Effects of Theta Burst Stimulation Over the Cortex of the Suprahyoid Muscle on Regional Homogeneity in Healthy Subjects
Brain activation patterns resulting from learning letter forms through active self-production and passive observation in young children
"Hypoactive Visual Cortex, Prefrontal Cortex and Insula during Self-Face Recognition in Adults with First-Episode Major Depressive Disorder"
Predicting response to tVNS in patients with migraine using functional MRI: A voxels-based machine learning analysis
Neural Correlates of Auditory Figure-Ground Segregation Based on Temporal Coherence
The anxiety‐specific hippocampus–prefrontal cortex pathways links to procrastination through self‐control
Exploration of static functional connectivity and dynamic functional connectivity alterations in the primary visual cortex among patients with high myopia via seed-based functional connectivity analysis
Disrupted Regional Homogeneity in Drug-Naive Patients With Bipolar Disorder
Behavioral pattern separation and its link to the neural mechanisms of fear generalization
Neurophysiological evidence for rapid processing of verbal and gestural information in understanding communicative actions
Electroconvulsive Therapy-Induced Brain Structural and Functional Changes in Major Depressive Disorders: A Longitudinal Study
Neural Mechanism of Facilitation System during Physical Fatigue
Connectivity of the Cognitive Control Network During Response Inhibition as a Predictive and Response Biomarker in Major Depression: Evidence From a Randomized Clinical Trial.
Neural Mechanisms of Inhibitory Response in a Battlefield Scenario: A Simultaneous fMRI-EEG Study
DICER1 and microRNA regulation in post-traumatic stress disorder with comorbid depression
Light3DHS: A lightweight 3D hippocampus segmentation method using multiscale convolution attention and vision transformer.
"Identifying neural correlates of multidimensional, subjective gaming experiences during active gameplay"
State attachment moderates the maternal-related neural responses to infant faces.
Temporal Uncertainty and Temporal Estimation Errors Affect Insular Activity and the Frontostriatal Indirect Pathway during Action Update: A Predictive Coding Study
Alterations of Regional Homogeneity in Preschool Boys With Autism Spectrum Disorders
Density abnormalities in normal-appearing gray matter in the middle-aged brain with white matter hyperintense lesions: a DARTEL-enhanced voxel-based morphometry study
Effects of gratitude meditation on neural network functional connectivity and brain-heart coupling
Measurement of Functional Brain Network Connectivity in People with Orthostatic Tremor
Does baseline cerebral blood flow affect task-related blood oxygenation level dependent response in schizophrenia?
Influence of insulin sensitivity on food cue evoked functional brain connectivity in children
Functional Connectivity between the Resting-State Olfactory Network and the Hippocampus in Alzheimer’s Disease
Altered functional hubs and connectivity in type 2 diabetes mellitus with and without mild cognitive impairment
Functional Specificity and Sex Differences in the Neural Circuits Supporting the Inhibition of Automatic Imitation.
Reorganized Brain Functional Network Topology in Presbycusis
Hippocampal Resting-State Functional Connectivity Forecasts Individual Posttraumatic Stress Disorder Symptoms: A Data-Driven Approach.
Neural Responses during Social and Self-Knowledge Tasks in Bulimia Nervosa
Anticipation of guilt for everyday moral transgressions: The role of the anterior insula and the influence of interpersonal psychopathic traits
Neural substrates for voluntary suppression of negative affect: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Deficits in ascending pain modulation pathways in breast cancer survivors with chronic neuropathic pain: A resting-state fMRI study
Integrating Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease Treatment With 8-Week Tai Chi Chuan Practice: An Exploration of Mind-Body Intervention and Neural Mechanism
Separate and overlapping mechanisms of statistical regularities and salience processing in the occipital cortex and dorsal attention network
Hypothalamus-Anchored Resting Brain Network Changes before and after Sertraline Treatment in Major Depression
Functional connectivity of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex contributes to different components of executive functions.
Investigating the neural effects of typicality and predictability for face and object stimuli
Brain Structure and Optimism Bias: A Voxel-Based Morphometry Approach
Task-dependent functional organizations of the visual ventral stream
Self-regulation of the dopaminergic reward circuit in cocaine users with mental imagery and neurofeedback
Vicarious experiences of touch (mirror touch) in a Chinese sample: Cross-cultural and individual differences
Altered Resting-State Functional Connectivity of the Striatum in Parkinson's Disease after Levodopa Administration
COMT Val158Met Polymorphism Influences the Cerebral Blood Flow Changes Related to Psychomotor Retardation in Major Depressive Disorder
Dissecting the Function of Hippocampal Oscillations in a Human Anxiety Model
Multimodal imaging of microstructural cerebral alterations and loss of synaptic density in Alzheimer's disease.
The late positive potential indexes a role for emotion during learning of trust from eye-gaze cues
Executive control processes are associated with individual fitness outcomes following regular exercise training: blood lactate profile curves and neuroimaging findings
Threat expectation does not improve perceptual discrimination despite causing heightened priority processing in the frontoparietal network
Decreased volume and increased asymmetry of the anterior limb of the internal capsule in patients with schizophrenia.
Rapid short-term reorganization in the language network
Cortico-subcortical metabolic correlates of olfactory processing in healthy resting subjects
On the intersection between data quality and dynamical modelling of large-scale fMRI signals.
Allergic tendencies are associated with larger gray matter volumes
The role of the cerebellum in adaptation: ALE meta‐analyses on sensory feedback error
Disrupted brain functional hub and causal connectivity in acute mild traumatic brain injury
A Comparison of Single- and Multi-Echo Processing of Functional MRI Data During Overt Autobiographical Recall
Deficits in the thalamocortical pathway associated with hypersensitivity to pain in patients with frozen shoulder
Neural Coupling between Interhemispheric and Frontoparietal Functional Connectivity during Semantic Processing
Rapid Effects of BCI-Based Attention Training on Functional Brain Connectivity in Poststroke Patients: A Pilot Resting-State fMRI Study
Associations between adolescent cannabis use and brain structure in psychosis.
Shared neural representations of tactile roughness intensities by somatosensation and touch observation using an associative learning method
Stochastic Dynamics Underlying Cognitive Stability and Flexibility
Neuroimaging and Neurocognitive Outcomes in Older Patients with Multiple Myeloma Treated with Chemotherapy and Autologous Stem Cell Transplantation
Disrupted functional network connectivity predicts cognitive impairment after acute mild traumatic brain injury
Generating odour imagery enhances brain activity in individuals with low subjective olfactory imagery ability.
Distinct sensitivities of the lateral prefrontal cortex and extrastriate body area to contingency between executed and observed actions.
Inner sense of rhythm: percussionist brain activity during rhythmic encoding and synchronization
"Childhood trauma, IL-6 and weaker suppression of the default mode network (DMN) during theory of mind (ToM) performance in schizophrenia"
Anti-anhedonic effect of ketamine and its neural correlates in treatment-resistant bipolar depression
Neural Basis of Dispositional Awe
Content-based Dissociation of Hippocampal Involvement in Prediction.
The neural mechanism of aesthetic judgments of dynamic landscapes: an fMRI study
The behavioral and neural binding phenomena during visuomotor integration of angry facial expressions
Development of corticostriatal connectivity constrains goal-directed behavior during adolescence
Brief diesel exhaust exposure acutely impairs functional brain connectivity in humans: a randomized controlled crossover study
Eye gaze patterns and functional brain responses during emotional face processing in adolescents with conduct disorder
Local and Distributed fMRI Changes Induced by 40 Hz Gamma tACS of the Bilateral Dorsolateral Prefrontal Cortex: A Pilot Study
Decreased dynamic variability of the cerebellum in the euthymic patients with bipolar disorder
Neural dynamics of semantic categorization in semantic variant of primary progressive aphasia
Resting State Hypoconnectivity of Reward Networks in Binge Eating Disorder.
A complementary systems account of word learning: neural and behavioural evidence
Antisocial behavior is associated with reduced frontoparietal activity to loss in a population-based sample of adolescents
Resting-State fMRI findings in patients with first-Episode idiopathic epilepsy before and after treatment
Intrinsic Functional Connectivity Networks in Healthy Elderly Subjects: A Multiparametric Approach with Structural Connectivity Analysis
Disrupted Brain Entropy And Functional Connectivity Patterns Of Thalamic Subregions In Major Depressive Disorder
Major Depression and the Perception of Affective Instrumental and Expressive Gestures: An fMRI Investigation.
Exploring the neurobiology of Merge at a basic level: insights from a novel artificial grammar paradigm
Neuroplastic changes in functional wiring in sensory cortices of the congenitally deaf: A network analysis
Brain-correlates of processing local dependencies within a statistical learning paradigm
Kinesthetic and vestibular information modulate alpha activity during spatial navigation: a mobile EEG study
Abnormal percent amplitude of fluctuation changes in patients with monocular blindness: A resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Glutamate- and GABA-Modulated Connectivity in Auditory Hallucinations—A Combined Resting State fMRI and MR Spectroscopy Study
Ophthalmic changes in a spaceflight analog are associated with brain functional reorganization
Distributed networks for auditory memory differentially contribute to recall precision.
Low intensity white noise improves performance in auditory working memory task: An fMRI study
Sharpened self-other distinction in attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.
Brain abnormalities in children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder assessed by multi-delay arterial spin labeling perfusion and voxel-based morphometry.
Physiological characteristics of capacity constraints in working memory as revealed by functional MRI.
Impairments to the multisensory integration brain regions during migraine chronification: correlation with the vestibular dysfunction
Structural changes of cerebellum and brainstem in migraine without aura
Right Frontoinsular Cortex and Subcortical Activity to Infant Cry Is Associated with Maternal Mental State Talk
The missing link: Mothers’ neural response to infant cry related to infant attachment behaviors
A cry in the dark: depressed mothers show reduced neural activation to their own infant’s cry
Severity of anxiety moderates the association between neural circuits and maternal behaviors in the postpartum period.
High-dose baclofen attenuates insula activation during anticipatory anxiety in treatment-seeking alcohol dependant individuals: Preliminary findings from a pharmaco-fMRI study.
Interaction between early life stress and alcohol dependence on neural stress reactivity.
A Distinct Neurophenotype of Fearful Face Processing in Alcohol Use Disorder With and Without Comorbid Anxiety.
Response inhibition in alcohol-dependent patients and patients with depression/anxiety: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Neural Correlates and Connectivity Underlying Stress-Related Impulse Control Difficulties in Alcoholism.
Exploring the relationship between depressive and anxiety symptoms and neuronal response to alcohol cues.
Altered neural processing of threat in alcohol-dependent men.
Neurobiological Correlates and Predictors of Two Distinct Personality Trait Pathways to Escalated Alcohol Use.
Insula shows abnormal task-evoked and resting-state activity in first-episode drug-naïve generalized anxiety disorder.
The Neural Bases of Interoceptive Encoding and Recall in Healthy Adults and Adults With Depression.
Take my breath away: Neural activation at breath-hold differentiates individuals with panic disorder from healthy controls.
Neural processing of fearful faces: effects of anxiety are gated by perceptual capacity limitations.
Influence of anxiety on temporomandibular disorders--an epidemiological survey with elders and adults in Southern Brazil.
"Interoception in insula subregions as a possible state marker for depression-an exploratory fMRI study investigating healthy, depressed and remitted participants."
Altered Function of Superior Parietal Lobule Associated with Perceptive Awareness in First-Episode Drug-Naïve Panic Disorders: A Preliminary fMRI Study
A multi-model deep convolutional neural network for automatic hippocampus segmentation and classification in Alzheimer's disease.
Limits to tDCS effects in language: Failures to modulate word production in healthy participants with frontal or temporal tDCS.
Both anodal and cathodal transcranial direct current stimulation improves semantic processing.
Patients with episodic migraine without aura have an increased rate of delayed discounting
Functional Connectivity Features of Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging May Distinguish Migraine From Tension-Type Headache
Exploring alterations in sensory pathways in migraine
Functional connectivity and structural changes of thalamic subregions in episodic migraine
Impaired effective functional connectivity of the sensorimotor network in interictal episodic migraineurs without aura
Impaired intrinsic functional connectivity between the thalamus and visual cortex in migraine without aura
Increased Amplitude of Thalamocortical Low-Frequency Oscillations in Patients with Migraine
Increased default mode network connectivity and increased regional homogeneity in migraineurs without aura
Intrinsic Brain Functional Activity Abnormalities in Episodic Tension-Type Headache
Mapping the aberrant brain functional connectivity in new daily persistent headache: a resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Molecular and functional PET-fMRI measures of placebo analgesia in episodic migraine: Preliminary findings.
Propagation Structure of Intrinsic Brain Activity in Migraine without Aura
Regional homogeneity alterations in multi-frequency bands in tension-type headache: a resting-state fMRI study
Responsivity of Periaqueductal Gray Connectivity Is Related to Headache Frequency in Episodic Migraine
Shared alterations in hippocampal structural covariance in subjective cognitive decline and migraine
Structural and functional changes of anterior cingulate cortex subregions in migraine without aura: relationships with pain sensation and pain emotion
Volume of Hypothalamus as a Diagnostic Biomarker of Chronic Migraine
Aberrant concordance among dynamics of spontaneous brain activity in patients with migraine without aura: A multivariate pattern analysis study
Alteration in Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Signal Complexity Across Multiple Time Scales in Patients With Migraine Without Aura
Alterations in Effective Connectivity of the Hippocampus in Migraine without Aura
Altered Dynamic Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuations in Patients With Migraine Without Aura
Altered lateral geniculate nucleus functional connectivity in migraine without aura: a resting-state functional MRI study
Altered structure of the vestibular cortex in patients with vestibular migraine
Decreased Gray Matter Volume in the Frontal Cortex of Migraine Patients with Associated Functional Connectivity Alterations: A VBM and rs-FC Study
Disrupted Dynamic Functional Connectivity of the Visual Network in Episodic Patients with Migraine without Aura
Disrupted functional connectivity of periaqueductal gray subregions in episodic migraine
Functional Alterations in the Posterior Insula and Cerebellum in Migraine Without Aura: A Resting-State MRI Study
‘Mom—I don’t want to hear it’: Brain response to maternal praise and criticism in adolescents with major depressive disorder
Abnormal Early Gamma Responses to Emotional Faces Differentiate Unipolar from Bipolar Disorder Patients
Abnormal temporal difference reward-learning signals in major depression.
Age and gender modulate the neural circuitry supporting facial emotion processing in adults with major depressive disorder
Dynamical regional activity in putamen distinguishes bipolar type I depression and unipolar depression.
Early life stress affects limited regional brain activity in depression
EEG cross-frequency correlations as a marker of predisposition to affective disorders
Fronto-parietal and temporal brain dysfunction in depression: A fMRI investigation of auditory mismatch processing.
Functional and structural alterations in different durations of untreated illness in the frontal and parietal lobe in major depressive disorder
"Functional Connectivity of the Anterior Cingulate Cortex and the Right Anterior Insula Differentiates between Major Depressive Disorder, Bipolar Disorder and Healthy Controls"
Functional MRI of emotional memory in adolescent depression
Functional plasticity abnormalities over the lifespan of first-episode patients with major depressive disorder: a resting state fMRI study
Heart rate variability during motor and cognitive tasks in females with major depressive disorder
Impact of serotonergic medication on interoception in major depressive disorder.
Higher order thalamic nuclei resting network connectivity in early schizophrenia and major depressive disorder.
HPA axis dysfunction in unmedicated major depressive disorder and its normalization by pharmacotherapy correlates with alteration of neural activity in prefrontal cortex and limbic/paralimbic regions
In vivo relationship between serotonin 1A receptor binding and gray matter volume in the healthy brain and in major depressive disorder.
"Local functional connectivity alterations in schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and major depressive disorder."
Machine-learning-based classification between post-traumatic stress disorder and major depressive disorder using P300 features
Medial Prefrontal and Anterior Insular Connectivity in Early Schizophrenia and Major Depressive Disorder: A Resting Functional MRI Evaluation of Large-Scale Brain Network Models.
Medial prefrontal disengagement during self-focus in formerly depressed patients prone to rumination.
Neuroimaging correlates of emotional response-inhibition discriminate between young depressed adults with and without sub-threshold bipolar symptoms (Emotional Response-inhibition in Young Depressed Adults).
Neuronal response to high negative affective stimuli in major depressive disorder: An fMRI study.
Orbital and Medial Prefrontal Cortex Functional Connectivity of Major Depression Vulnerability and Disease.
Orbito-frontal cortex mechanism of inhibition of return in current and remitted depression.
Persistent Ventral Anterior Cingulate Cortex and Resolved Amygdala Hyper-responses to Negative Outcomes After Depression Remission: A Combined Cross-sectional and Longitudinal Study.
Pre-stimulus Brain Activity Is Associated With State-Anxiety Changes During Single-Session Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation
Diurnal mood variation symptoms in major depressive disorder associated with evening chronotype: Evidence from a neuroimaging study.
Disrupted dynamic functional connectivity in right amygdalar subregions differentiates bipolar disorder from major depressive disorder.
Differential Resting State Connectivity Patterns and Impaired Semantically Cued List Learning Test Performance in Early Course Remitted MDD
Anhedonia and general distress show dissociable ventromedial prefrontal cortex connectivity in major depressive disorder
Alterations of functional connectivity of the lateral habenula in subclinical depression and major depressive disorder
Alterations of regional spontaneous neuronal activity and corresponding brain circuits related to non-suicidal self-injury in young adults with major depressive disorder.
Altered Brain Function in First-Episode and Recurrent Depression: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Altered Brain Function in Treatment-Resistant and Non-treatment-resistant Depression Patients: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Altered grey matter volume and cortical thickness in patients with schizo-obsessive comorbidity.
Major depressive disorder is associated with abnormal interoceptive activity and functional connectivity in the insula
Altered functional connectivity in posttraumatic stress disorder with versus without comorbid major depressive disorder: a resting state fMRI study
An fMRI study of cognitive reappraisal in major depressive disorder and borderline personality disorder
An fMRI study of prefrontal brain activation during multiple tasks in patients with major depressive disorder.
Attenuated interoceptive processing in individuals with major depressive disorder and high repetitive negative thinking.
Differential Dynamical Pattern of Regional Homogeneity in Bipolar and Unipolar Depression: A Preliminary Resting-State fMRI Study
Brain functional alterations in MDD patients with somatic symptoms: A resting-state fMRI study.
Brain structural and functional alterations in MDD patient with gastrointestinal symptoms: A resting-state MRI study.
C-reactive protein is related to a distinct set of alterations in resting-state functional connectivity contributing to a differential pathophysiology of major depressive disorder.
Cognitive Inflexibility in Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder and Major Depression Is Associated with Distinct Neural Correlates
Common and Distinct Functional Connectivity of the Orbitofrontal Cortex in Depression and Schizophrenia
Common and distinct neural activities in frontoparietal network in first-episode bipolar disorder and major depressive disorder: Preliminary findings from a follow-up resting state fMRI study.
Common and unique neural activities in subclinical depression and major depressive disorder indicate the development of brain impairments in different depressive stages.
Decreased Fronto-Limbic Activation and Disrupted Semantic-Cued List Learning in Major Depressive Disorder
Differences in fractional amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations (fALFF) and cognitive function between untreated major depressive disorder and schizophrenia with depressive mood patients
Differences in Functional Connectivity Networks Related to the Midbrain Dopaminergic System-Related Area in Various Psychiatric Disorders.
Functional connectivity and cognitive impairment in migraine with and without aura
Early Fractional Amplitude of Low Frequency Fluctuation Can Predict the Efficacy of Transcutaneous Auricular Vagus Nerve Stimulation Treatment for Migraine Without Aura
"Cortical Volumetric Correlates of Childhood Trauma, Anxiety, and Impulsivity in Bipolar Disorder"
Instrumental learning and cognitive flexibility processes are impaired in children exposed to early life stress
Separable Effects of Childhood Maltreatment and Adult Adaptive Functioning on Amygdala Connectivity During Emotion Processing.
"Childhood maltreatment predicts reduced inhibition-related activity in the rostral anterior cingulate in PTSD, but not trauma-exposed controls"
Neurofunctional Abnormalities during Sustained Attention in Severe Childhood Abuse.
Cognitive reappraisal and corresponding neural basis mediate the association between childhood maltreatment and depression.
High levels of childhood trauma associated with changes in hippocampal functional activity and connectivity in young adults during novelty salience
COGNITION-CHILDHOOD MALTREATMENT INTERACTIONS IN THE PREDICTION OF ANTIDEPRESSANT OUTCOMES IN MAJOR DEPRESSIVE DISORDER PATIENTS: RESULTS FROM THE iSPOT-D TRIAL.
Altered functional connectivity differs in stroke survivors with impaired touch sensation following left and right hemisphere lesions.
Correlation of Longitudinal Gray Matter Volume Changes and Motor Recovery in Patients After Pontine Infarction
Correlation between motor improvements and altered fMRI activity after rehabilitative therapy.
Lesion location impact on functional recovery of the hemiparetic upper limb
Longitudinal Brain Functional Connectivity Changes of the Cortical Motor-Related Network in Subcortical Stroke Patients with Acupuncture Treatment
Modulation of Functional Connectivity in Response to Mirror Visual Feedback in Stroke Survivors: An MEG Study
Neuroplastic changes in resting-state functional connectivity after stroke rehabilitation.
Relationship between temporal dynamics of intrinsic brain activity and motor function remodeling in patients with acute BGIS
Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation Induces Quantified Functional and Structural Changes in Subcortical Stroke: A Combined Arterial Spin Labeling Perfusion and Diffusion Tensor Imaging Study
Structural Covariance of the Ipsilesional Primary Motor Cortex in Subcortical Stroke Patients with Motor Deficits
Structurofunctional resting-state networks correlate with motor function in chronic stroke.
Visual feedback alters force control and functional activity in the visuomotor network after stroke.
White matter degeneration in remote brain areas of stroke patients with motor impairment due to basal ganglia lesions
Lesion location alters brain activation in chronically impaired stroke survivors.
Alterations of static functional connectivity and dynamic functional connectivity in motor execution regions after stroke.
"Structural abnormality in schizophrenia versus bipolar disorder: A whole brain cortical thickness, surface area, volume and gyrification analyses"
Cortical thickness and subcortical volumes alterations in euthymic bipolar I patients treated with different mood stabilizers.
Treatment-induced neural reorganization in aphasia is language-domain specific: Evidence from a large-scale fMRI study.
Maintenance versus manipulation in verbal working memory revisited: an fMRI study.
Common and distinct abnormal frontal-limbic system structural and functional patterns in patients with major depression and bipolar disorder
Participation of the left posterior inferior temporal cortex in writing and mental recall of kanji orthography: A functional MRI study.
The imprint of childhood adversity on emotional processing in high functioning young adults.
Treatment effects on insular and anterior cingulate cortex activation during classic and emotional Stroop interference in child abuse-related complex post-traumatic stress disorder.
Neurobiological Markers of Resilience to Depression Following Childhood Maltreatment: The Role of Neural Circuits Supporting the Cognitive Control of Emotion.
Association Between Initial Age of Exposure to Childhood Abuse and Cognitive Control: Preliminary Evidence.
Interactions between childhood maltreatment and combat exposure trauma on stress-related activity within the cingulate cortex: a pilot study.
The influence of emotion on working memory: Exploratory fMRI findings among men with histories of childhood sexual abuse.
Neural substrates for processing task-irrelevant emotional distracters in maltreated adolescents with depressive disorders: a pilot study.
A Link Between Childhood Adversity and Trait Anger Reflects Relative Activity of the Amygdala and Dorsolateral Prefrontal Cortex.
Stress-elicited neural activity in young adults varies with childhood sexual abuse.
Neural correlates of cognitive and affective processing in maltreated youth with posttraumatic stress symptoms: does gender matter?
Impact of childhood maltreatment and resilience on behavioral and neural patterns of inhibitory control during emotional distraction.
Neural Correlates of Error Processing in Young People With a History of Severe Childhood Abuse: An fMRI Study.
The Mediating Role of Neural Activity on the Relationship Between Childhood Maltreatment and Impulsivity.
Altered neural response to rejection‐related words in children exposed to maltreatment
"Attentional control abnormalities in posttraumatic stress disorder: Functional, behavioral, and structural correlates."
A functional MRI study of the relationship between naming treatment outcomes and  resting state functional connectivity in post-stroke aphasia.
Poststroke Aphasia Recovery Assessed With Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging and a Picture Identification Task
The anterior temporal lobes support residual comprehension in Wernicke’s aphasia
Chronic stroke recovery after combined BCI training and physiotherapy: a case report.
Conditional Granger Causality Analysis of Effective Connectivity during Motor Imagery and Motor Execution in Stroke Patients
Correlation between cerebral reorganization and motor recovery after subcortical  infarcts.
Altered effective connectivity of posterior thalamus in migraine with cutaneous allodynia: a resting-state fMRI study with granger causality analysis
Altered functional connectivity of brainstem nuclei in new daily persistent headache: Evidence from resting‐state functional magnetic resonance imaging
Altered functional connectivity of the marginal division in migraine: a resting-state fMRI study
Altered functional connectivity of the red nucleus and substantia nigra in migraine without aura
Altered functional connectivity of the right caudate nucleus in chronic migraine: a resting-state fMRI study
Altered Gray Matter Volume and Functional Connectivity in Patients With Vestibular Migraine
Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuation in Multiple Frequency Bands in Tension-Type Headache Patients: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Arterial Spin Labeling Cerebral Perfusion Changes in Chronic Tinnitus With Tension-Type Headache
Assessment of gray and white matter structural alterations in migraineurs without aura
Assessment of normalized cerebral blood flow and its connectivity with migraines without aura during interictal periods by arterial spin labeling
Brain function state in different phases and its relationship with clinical symptoms of migraine: an fMRI study based on regional homogeneity (ReHo)
Brain regions involved in fractional amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation in cluster headache patients: a resting-state functional MRI study
Brain structural and functional changes during menstrual migraine: Relationships with pain
Brain structure and cortical activity changes of new daily persistent headache: multimodal evidence from MEG/sMRI
Brainstem functional oscillations across the migraine cycle: A longitudinal investigation.
Cerebral gray matter volume in patients with chronic migraine: correlations with clinical features
Concurrent brain structural and functional alterations in patients with migraine without aura: an fMRI study
Cortical Areas Associated With Multisensory Integration Showing Altered Morphology and Functional Connectivity in Relation to Reduced Life Quality in Vestibular Migraine
Cortical plasticity between the pain and pain-free phases in patients with episodic tension-type headache
Decreased ALFF and Functional Connectivity of the Thalamus in Vestibular Migraine Patients
Decreased degree centrality values as a potential neuroimaging biomarker for migraine: A resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study and support vector machine analysis
Differential alteration of fMRI signal variability in the ascending trigeminal somatosensory and pain modulatory pathways in migraine
Altered Brain Functional Hubs and Connectivity Underlie Persistent Somatoform Pain Disorder
Altered amygdala effective connectivity in migraine without aura: evidence from resting‐state fMRI with Granger causality analysis
Alterations in pain processing circuitries in episodic migraine
Early functional connectivity alterations in contralesional motor networks influence outcome after severe stroke: a preliminary analysis
Functional MRI evaluation of hyperbaric oxygen therapy effect on hand motor recovery in a chronic post-stroke patient: a case report and physiological discussion
Immediate Effects of Anti-Spastic Epidural Cervical Spinal Cord Stimulation on Functional Connectivity of the Central Motor System in Patients with Stroke- and Traumatic Brain Injury-Induced Spasticity: A Pilot Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Interhemispheric parietal cortex connectivity reflects improvement in post-stroke spasticity due to treatment with botulinum toxin-A.
Stroke Lesion Impact on Lower Limb Function
Plasticity in cortical motor upper-limb representation following stroke and rehabilitation: two longitudinal multi-joint FMRI case-studies.
Aberrant activity within auditory network is associated with psychiatric comorbidities in interictal migraineurs without aura.
"Altered gray matter volume, cerebral blood flow and functional connectivity in chronic stroke patients."
Contrasting Evolutionary Patterns of Functional Connectivity in Sensorimotor and  Cognitive Regions after Stroke.
Dynamic brain activity states of memory impairment in stroke patients with varying motor outcomes
Early Findings on Functional Connectivity Correlates of Behavioral Outcomes of Brain-Computer Interface Stroke Rehabilitation Using Machine Learning
Effect of behavioural practice targeted at the motor action selection network after stroke
Advanced visual network and cerebellar hyperresponsiveness to trigeminal nociception in migraine with aura
Evaluation of Changes in the Motor Network Following BCI Therapy Based on Graph Theory Analysis
Excitatory Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation Induces Contralesional Cortico-Cerebellar Pathways After Acute Ischemic Stroke: A Preliminary DTI Study
Homotopic Connectivity in Early Pontine Infarction Predicts Late Motor Recovery
Increased cognitive load during simple and complex motor tasks in acute stage after stroke.
A study on alterations in functional activity in migraineurs during the interictal period
Aberrant cerebral blood flow and functional connectivity in patients with vestibular migraine: a resting-state ASL and fMRI study
Abnormal functional integration across core brain networks in migraine without aura
Abnormal Whole Brain Functional Connectivity Pattern Homogeneity and Couplings in Migraine Without Aura
Abnormalities of Thalamic Functional Connectivity in Patients with Migraine: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Changes in Resting-State Spontaneous Brain Activity in Patients With Allergic Rhinitis: A Pilot Neuroimaging Study
Neuro-computational foundations of moral preferences
Distinct Patterns of Interhemispheric Connectivity in Patients With Early- and Late-Onset Alzheimer’s Disease
Altered Functional Integration in the Salience and Default Mode Networks in Euthymic Pediatric Bipolar Disorder
Influence of APOE Genotype on Whole-Brain Functional Networks in Cognitively Normal Elderly
Acute stress potentiates brain response to milkshake as a function of body weight and chronic stress
Changes of Brain Structure in Patients With Metastatic Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer After Long-Term Target Therapy With EGFR-TKI
How ovarian hormones influence the behavioral activation and inhibition system through the dopamine pathway
Shifted dynamic interactions between subcortical nuclei and inferior frontal gyri during response preparation in persistent developmental stuttering
Neural Correlates of Facial Expression Recognition in Earthquake Witnesses
"Probiotic Mixture Containing Lactobacillus helveticus, Bifidobacterium longum and Lactiplantibacillus plantarum Affects Brain Responses to an Arithmetic Stress Task in Healthy Subjects: A Randomised Clinical Trial and Proof-of-Concept Study"
Are there dedicated neural mechanisms for imitation? A study of grist and mills
Resting-state functional connectivity in anterior cingulate cortex in normal aging
A diffusion tensor imaging study of brain microstructural changes related to religion and spirituality in families at high risk for depression
The Relation between Resting State Connectivity and Creativity in Adolescents before and after Training
The wandering mood: psychological and neural determinants of rest-related negative affect
Mapping the Neural Dynamics of Korean–English Bilinguals With Medium Proficiency During Auditory Word Processing
The neural mechanism underpinning balance calibration between action inhibition and activation initiated by reward motivation
Gray Matter Correlates of Creativity in Musical Improvisation
What you say versus how you say it: Comparing sentence comprehension and emotional prosody processing using fMRI.
Seeing What I Did (Not): Cerebral and Behavioral Effects of Agency and Perspective on Episodic Memory Re-activation
Altered brain network centrality in patients with orbital fracture: A resting‑state functional MRI study
Abnormal Functional Connectivity of Ventral Anterior Insula in Asthmatic Patients with Depression
Pre- and post-task resting-state differs in clinical populations
Neuronal Activity during Exposure to Specific Phobia through fMRI: Comparing Therapeutic Components of Cognitive Behavioral Therapy
More Than Words: Extra-Sylvian Neuroanatomic Networks Support Indirect Speech Act Comprehension and Discourse in Behavioral Variant Frontotemporal Dementia
Patterns of co-altered brain structure and function underlying neurological soft signs in schizophrenia spectrum disorders.
Functional parcellation of the right cerebellar lobule VI in children with normal or impaired reading.
Fusiform Gyrus Dysfunction is Associated with Perceptual Processing Efficiency to Emotional Faces in Adolescent Depression: A Model-Based Approach
To explore the mechanism of tobacco addiction using structural and functional MRI: a preliminary study of the role of the cerebellum-striatum circuit.
Equivalent current dipole sources of neurofeedback training-induced alpha activity through temporal/spectral analytic techniques
Long-range neural activity evoked by premotor cortex stimulation: a TMS/EEG co-registration study
Disrupted hypothalamic functional connectivity related to cognitive impairment after diffuse axonal injury
White matter microstructure and serum biomarkers of inflammation in psychogenic non-epileptic seizures
The Grass Might Be Greener: Medical Marijuana Patients Exhibit Altered Brain Activity and Improved Executive Function after 3 Months of Treatment
Neural and Behavioral Effects of an Adaptive Online Verbal Working Memory Training in Healthy Middle-Aged Adults
Enhanced Expectation of External Sensations of the Chest Regulates the Emotional Perception of Fearful Faces
Inattention Predicts Increased Thickness of Left Occipital Cortex in Men with Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder
Altered neurovascular coupling in neuromyelitis optica.
Altered functional connectivity of the amygdala and its subregions in typhoon‐related post‐traumatic stress disorder
Correlation between cerebral cortex changes and clinical features in patients with neuromyelitis optica spectrum disorder with normal-appearing brain tissue: a case-control study
Cardiac responses to viewing facial emotion differentiate frontotemporal dementias
Sex differences in the effects of individual anxiety state on regional responses to negative emotional scenes
Healthy individuals treated with clomipramine: an fMRI study of brain activity during autobiographical recall of emotions
Encoding Praise and Criticism During Social Evaluation Alters Interactive Responses in the Mentalizing and Affective Learning Networks
Distortion of Visuo-Motor Temporal Integration in Apraxia: Evidence From Delayed Visual Feedback Detection Tasks and Voxel-Based Lesion-Symptom Mapping
Altered blood oxygen level-dependent signal variability in chronic post-traumatic stress disorder during symptom provocation
Similar Neural Correlates of Planning and Execution to Inhibit Continuing Actions
Reduced responsiveness is an essential feature of chronic fatigue syndrome: A fMRI study
Joint contributions from brain activity and activity-independent functional connectivity to working memory aging.
Executive functioning moderates neural mechanisms of irritability during reward processing in youth.
Neural Responses to Infant Emotions and Emotional Self-Awareness in Mothers and Fathers during Pregnancy
Shared grey matter correlates of reading and attention
Resting-state language network neuroplasticity in post-stroke music listening: A randomized controlled trial.
"Parental education, cognition and functional connectivity of the salience network"
Cardiorespiratory fitness is associated with hippocampal resting state connectivity in women newly diagnosed with breast cancer
The limits of motivational influence in ADHD: no evidence for an altered reaction to negative reinforcement
Correction: Voxel-Based Morphometry in Individuals at Genetic High Risk for Schizophrenia and Patients with Schizophrenia during Their First Episode of Psychosis
The cerebellum after trauma: Resting-state functional connectivity of the cerebellum in posttraumatic stress disorder and its dissociative subtype.
"Distribution of Response Time, Cortical, and Cardiac Correlates during Emotional Interference in Persons with Subclinical Psychotic Symptoms"
Right inferior frontal cortex activity correlates with tolcapone responsivity in problem and pathological gamblers
The Dorsolateral Prefrontal Cortex Presents Structural Variations Associated with Empathy and Emotion Regulation in Psychotherapists.
7T versus 3T MRI in the presurgical evaluation of patients with drug-resistant epilepsy.
Evaluation of the brain activation induced by functional electrical stimulation and voluntary contraction using functional magnetic resonance imaging
Threat‐induced anxiety and selfishness in resource sharing: Behavioral and neural evidence
Model-based fMRI reveals dissimilarity processes underlying base rate neglect
Shared and Distinct Fractional Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuation Patterns in Major Depressive Disorders With and Without Gastrointestinal Symptoms
Anatomical correlates of apathy and impulsivity co-occurrence in early Parkinson’s disease
Alcohol Expectancy and Cerebral Responses to Cue-Elicited Craving in Adult Nondependent Drinkers.
Aberrant Brain Regional Homogeneity and Functional Connectivity in Middle-Aged T2DM Patients: A Resting-State Functional MRI Study
Perceiving pitch absolutely: Comparing absolute and relative pitch possessors in a pitch memory task
Effects of galvanic vestibular stimulation on resting state brain activity in patients with bilateral vestibulopathy
Topological dissimilarities of hierarchical resting networks in type 2 diabetes mellitus and obesity
Repeated Working Memory Training Improves Task Performance and Neural Efficiency in Multiple Sclerosis Patients and Healthy Controls
Hippocampal and parahippocampal volume and function predict antidepressant response in patients with major depression: A multimodal neuroimaging study
Association between NRGN gene polymorphism and resting-state hippocampal functional connectivity in schizophrenia
Bagging improves reproducibility of functional parcellation of the human brain.
Modulating spontaneous brain activity using repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation
Lasting effects of cognitive emotion regulation: neural correlates of reinterpretation and distancing
T-cell immunophenotype correlations with cortical thickness and white matter microstructure in bipolar disorder.
The impact of localized grey matter damage on neighboring connectivity: posterior cortical atrophy and the visual network.
Neuroanatomical correlates of working memory performance in Neurofibromatosis 1
Mirror neuron activations in encoding of psychic pain in borderline personality disorder
Using Signal Detection Theory to Better Understand Cognitive Fatigue
Is Instructional Scaffolding a Better Strategy for Teaching Writing to EFL Learners? A Functional MRI Study in Healthy Young Adults
Extending Inferential Group Analysis in Type 2 Diabetic Patients with Multivariate GLM Implemented in SPM8
Distribution of brain iron accrual in adolescence: Evidence from cross-sectional and longitudinal analysis.
White-Matter Structural Connectivity in Relation to Humor Styles: An Exploratory Study
Decoupling of functional and structural language networks in temporal lobe epilepsy
Local Discriminability Determines the Strength of Holistic Processing for Faces in the Fusiform Face Area
Neuroimaging profiles of the negative affective network predict anxiety severity in patients with chronic insomnia disorder: A machine learning study.
Pay attention to the basal ganglia: a volumetric study in early dementia with Lewy bodies
Medial temporal lobe regions mediate complex visual discriminations for both objects and scenes: A process-based view.
Brain flexibility associated with need for cognition contributes to creative achievement.
Investigating cerebellar neural function in schizophrenia using delay eyeblink conditioning: A pilot fMRI study.
Functional neuroanatomy of language without speech: An ALE meta‐analysis of sign language
Effective connectivity underlying reward‐based executive control
Segregating Top-Down Selective Attention from Response Inhibition in a Spatial Cueing Go/NoGo Task: An ERP and Source Localization Study
Additive Effects of Monetary Loss and Positive Emotion in the Human Brain
Beneficial Effect of High-Frequency Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation for the Verbal Memory and Default Mode Network in Healthy Older Adults
A parcellation-based connectomic model of hemispatial neglect.
"Dissociations of cognitive inhibition, response inhibition, and emotional interference: Voxelwise ALE meta-analyses of fMRI studies."
Altered brain morphology in boys with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder with and without comorbid conduct disorder/oppositional defiant disorder
Representational similarity analysis reveals task-dependent semantic influence of the visual word form area
"The verbal, non-verbal and structural bases of functional communication abilities in aphasia"
ACOEC-FD: Ant Colony Optimization for Learning Brain Effective Connectivity Networks From Functional MRI and Diffusion Tensor Imaging
Alterations of Spontaneous Brain Activity in Hemodialysis Patients
fMRI changes during multi-limb movements in Parkinson’s disease
Direct replication of task‐dependent neural activation patterns during sadness introspection in two independent adolescent samples
Quantitative Analyses Help in Choosing Between Simultaneous vs. Separate EEG and fMRI
Distinct profiles of functional connectivity density aberrance in Alzheimer's disease and mild cognitive impairment
Effects of Acute Aerobic Exercise on Response Inhibition in Adult Patients with ADHD
Cytoarchitectonic parcellation and functional characterization of four new areas in the caudal parahippocampal cortex
Epileptogenic Zone Localization in Refractory Epilepsy by FDG-PET: The Comparison of SPM and SPM-CAT With Different Parameter Settings
Abnormal Functional Connectivity Density in Post-Stroke Aphasia.
Dissociating the functions of three left posterior superior temporal regions that contribute to speech perception and production
Neural activations during self-related processing in patients with chronic pain and effects of a brief self-compassion training - A pilot study.
Hemispheric dissociations in regions supporting auditory sentence comprehension in older adults
Differences in Brain Morphological Findings between Narcolepsy with and without Cataplexy
Intrinsic brain abnormalities of irritable bowel syndrome with diarrhea: a preliminary resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study
"Neural Signaling of Cortisol, Childhood Emotional Abuse, and Depression-Related Memory Bias."
Convergent and divergent genes expression profiles associated with brain-wide functional connectome dysfunction in deficit and non-deficit schizophrenia
Resting-State EEG Connectivity at High-Frequency Bands and Attentional Performance Dysfunction in Stabilized Schizophrenia Patients
Visuospatial working memory in children and adolescents with 22q11.2 deletion syndrome; an fMRI study
Pharmacological fMRI provides evidence for opioidergic modulation of discrimination of facial pain expressions
Locus coeruleus connectivity alterations in late-life major depressive disorder during a visual oddball task
Decreased Complexity in Alzheimer's Disease: Resting-State fMRI Evidence of Brain Entropy Mapping
Frequency and Neural Correlates of Pauses in Patients with Formal Thought Disorder
Tactile-to-Visual Cross-Modal Transfer of Texture Categorisation Following Training: An fMRI Study
What lies beneath peer acceptance in adolescence? Exploring the role of Nucleus Accumbens responsivity to self-serving and vicarious rewards
Altered Local Spatiotemporal Consistency of Resting-State BOLD Signals in Patients with Generalized Tonic-Clonic Seizures
Altered intrinsic regional brain spontaneous activity and subjective sleep quality in patients with chronic primary insomnia: a resting-state fMRI study
Gamification of Learning Deactivates the Default Mode Network
Randomized Multiresolution Scanning in Focal and Fast E/MEG Sensing of Brain Activity with a Variable Depth
Aging modulates fronto-temporal cortical interactions during lexical production. A dynamic causal modeling study.
Using Fractional Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuations and Functional Connectivity in Patients With Post-stroke Cognitive Impairment for a Simulated Stimulation Program
A review of hippocampal activation in post-traumatic stress disorder.
Reductions in Cortico-Striatal Hyperconnectivity Accompany Successful Treatment of Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder with Dorsomedial Prefrontal rTMS
Cross-dimensional interference between time and distance during spatial navigation is mediated by speed representations in intraparietal sulcus and area hMT.
Neurocognitive correlates of category ambiguous verb processing: The single versus dual lexical entry hypotheses.
Neuroimaging Findings in Rabies Encephalitis.
Sex differences in neural responses to reward and the influences of individual reward and punishment sensitivity
Men Fear Other Men Most: Gender Specific Brain Activations in Perceiving Threat from Dynamic Faces and Bodies – An fMRI Study
Altered Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuations in Inactive Patients with Nonneuropsychiatric Systemic Lupus Erythematosus
Familiarity Processing through Faces and Names: Insights from Multivoxel Pattern Analysis
Relationship between abnormal intrinsic functional connectivity of subcortices and autism symptoms in high-functioning adults with autism spectrum disorder.
Time-course of cortical networks involved in working memory
"Involvement of the Precuneus/Posterior Cingulate Cortex Is Significant for the Development of Alzheimer’s Disease: A PET (THK5351, PiB) and Resting fMRI Study"
Impaired decision‐making and functional neuronal network activity in systemic lupus erythematosus
Differences in time course activation of dorsolateral prefrontal cortex associated with low or high risk choices in a gambling task
"Amygdala functional connectivity during socioemotional processing prospectively predicts increases in internalizing symptoms in a sample of low-income, urban, young men."
Cortical signatures in behaviorally clustered autistic traits subgroups: a population-based study
Alterations of degree centrality and functional connectivity in classic trigeminal neuralgia
Neuroanatomical and functional alterations of insula in mild traumatic brain injury patients at the acute stage.
Abnormal Functional Connectivity of the Amygdala in Mild Cognitive Impairment Patients With Depression Symptoms Revealed by Resting-State fMRI
You and your kin: Neural signatures of family-based group perception in the subgenual cortex
Multi-session tDCS paired with passive mobilisation of the thumb modulates thalamo-cortical coupling during command following in the healthy brain.
Cerebral control of winking before and after learning: An event‐related fMRI study
Parcellation of the Hippocampus Using Resting Functional Connectivity in Temporal Lobe Epilepsy
Using Structural Neuroimaging to Make Quantitative Predictions of Symptom Progression in Individuals at Ultra-High Risk for Psychosis
Cerebral perfusion alterations in patients with trigeminal neuralgia as measured by pseudo-continuous arterial spin labeling
Effect of Meditation on Brain Activity during an Attention Task: A Comparison Study of ASL and BOLD Task fMRI
The neural basis of metacognitive monitoring during arithmetic in the developing brain
Exploring white matter microstructure and the impact of antipsychotics in adolescent-onset psychosis
Shifted balance of dorsal versus ventral striatal communication with frontal reward and regulatory regions in cannabis-dependent males.
Functional magnetic resonance imaging study of group independent components underpinning item responses to paranoid-depressive scale
Exploring Brain Dynamic Functional Connectivity Using Improved Principal Components Analysis Based on Template Matching.
Examining the neural and cognitive processes that underlie reading through naming speed tasks.
Differential Impact of Emotion on Semantic Processing of Abstract and Concrete Words: ERP and fMRI Evidence
Neurological soft signs and brain morphology in people living with HIV
Effect of Impaired Stereoscopic Vision on Large-Scale Resting-State Functional Network Connectivity in Comitant Exotropia Patients
Genetic Variation in the Catechol-O-Methyl Transferase Val108/158Met Is Linked to the Caudate and Posterior Cingulate Cortex Volume in Healthy Subjects: Voxel-Based Morphometry Analysis of Brain Magnetic Resonance Imaging
Mechanisms underlying selecting objects for action
"The Motivational Determinants of Human Action, Their Neural Bases and Functional Impact in Adolescents With Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder"
Resting-state neural mechanisms of capability for suicide and their interaction with pain - A CAN-BIND-05 Study.
Distinct neural-behavioral correspondence within face processing and attention networks for the composite face effect.
Increases in Intrinsic Thalamocortical Connectivity and Overall Cognition Following Cognitive Remediation in Chronic Schizophrenia.
Atypical spatiotemporal activation of cerebellar lobules during emotional face processing in adolescents with autism
Anomia: Deciphering Functional Neuroanatomy in Primary Progressive Aphasia Variants
Effect of acute physical exercise on motor sequence memory
"The Impact of Carotid Artery Stenting on Cerebral Perfusion, Functional Connectivity, and Cognition in Severe Asymptomatic Carotid Stenosis Patients"
The resilient brain: psychological resilience mediates the effect of amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations in orbitofrontal cortex on subjective well-being in young healthy adults
The Right Supramarginal Gyrus Is Important for Proprioception in Healthy and Stroke-Affected Participants: A Functional MRI Study
"Differential responses from the left postcentral gyrus, right middle frontal gyrus, and precuneus to meal ingestion in patients with functional dyspepsia"
Changes in Degree Centrality and Functional Connectivity after the First Cycle of Neoadjuvant Chemotherapy in Newly Diagnosed Breast Cancer: A Longitudinal Study
The Right Inferior Frontal Gyrus Plays an Important Role in Unconscious Information Processing: Activation Likelihood Estimation Analysis Based on Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging
Continuous theta burst stimulation-induced suppression of the right fronto-thalamic-cerebellar circuit accompanies improvement in language performance in poststroke aphasia: A resting-state fMRI study
The Neurobiology of Semantic Processing in Autism Spectrum Disorder: An Activation Likelihood Estimation Analysis.
A novel Bayesian approach to accounting for uncertainty in fMRI-derived estimates of cerebral oxygen metabolism fluctuations.
"
Acupuncture-Evoked Response in Somatosensory and Prefrontal Cortices Predicts Immediate Pain Reduction in Carpal Tunnel Syndrome"
Cerebral Neural Changes in Venous–Arterial Extracorporeal Membrane Oxygenation Survivors
Converging Evidence for the Processing Costs Associated with Ambiguous Quantifier Comprehension
"An obesity-associated risk allele within the FTO gene affects human brain activity for areas important for emotion, impulse control and reward in response to food images."
"Resting State Functional Connectivity Correlates of Inhibitory
Control in Children with Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity
Disorder"
Neural effects of acute stress on appetite: A magnetoencephalography study
Auditory Cognitive Training Improves Brain Plasticity in Healthy Older Adults: Evidence From a Randomized Controlled Trial
Loud and angry: sound intensity modulates amygdala activation to angry voices in social anxiety disorder
"Changes in cognitive functions and cerebral grey matter and their associations with inflammatory markers, endocrine markers, and APOE genotypes in testicular cancer patients undergoing treatment."
Gray Matter Changes in Subjects at High Risk for Developing Psychosis and First-Episode Schizophrenia: A Voxel-Based Structural MRI Study
Dopaminergic modulation of regional cerebral blood flow: An arterial spin labelling study of genetic and pharmacological manipulation of COMT activity.
Conscious perception of errors and its relation to the anterior insula
The effect of SARS-CoV-2 virus on resting-state functional connectivity during adolescence: Investigating brain correlates of psychotic-like experiences and SARS-CoV-2 related inflammation response.
Functional connectivity patterns of the subgenual anterior cingulate cortex in first-episode refractory major depressive disorder.
Disrupted Causal Connectivity Anchored on the Right Anterior Insula in Drug-Naive First-Episode Patients With Depressive Disorder
Neurophysiological and Brain Structural Markers of Cognitive Frailty Differ from Alzheimer's Disease
Unilateral thalamic glioma disrupts large-scale functional architecture of human brain during resting state
Age-related differences in negative cognitive empathy but similarities in positive affective empathy
Aberrant brain functional hubs and causal connectivity in presbycusis.
Brain-age is associated with progression to dementia in memory clinic patients
Increased left inferior fronto-striatal activation during error monitoring after fMRI neurofeedback of right inferior frontal cortex in adolescents with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder
Atrophy of right inferior frontal orbital gyrus and frontoparietal functional connectivity abnormality in depressed suicide attempters.
Spatial–temporal signature of resting-state BOLD signals in classic trigeminal neuralgia
Comorbidity of reading disabilities and ADHD: Structural and functional brain characteristics.
Age of acquisition impacts the brain differently depending on neuroanatomical metric
Metacognitive Training Modulates Default-Mode Network Homogeneity During 8-Week Olanzapine Treatment in Patients With Schizophrenia
Chemotherapy-induced functional brain abnormality in colorectal cancer patients: a resting‐state functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Cerebral white matter diffusion properties and free‐water with obstructive sleep apnea severity in older adults
Application of amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation to altered spontaneous neuronal activity in classical trigeminal neuralgia patients: A resting-state functional MRI study
Common gray matter loss in the frontal cortex in patients with methamphetamine-associated psychosis and schizophrenia
Spontaneous neural activity in the right fusiform gyrus and putamen is associated with consummatory anhedonia in obsessive compulsive disorder.
"Intrusive memories to traumatic footage: the neural basis of their encoding
and involuntary recall"
Characterization of Face-Selective Patches in Orbitofrontal Cortex
Altered neural activity in the reward-related circuit associated with anhedonia in mild to moderate Major Depressive Disorder.
Anodal cerebellar stimulation increases cortical activation: Evidence for cerebellar scaffolding of cortical processing
Clinical efficacy of the mulligan maneuver for cervicogenic headache: a randomized controlled trial
Primary Disruption of the Memory-Related Subsystems of the Default Mode Network in Alzheimer’s Disease: Resting-State Functional Connectivity MRI Study
Musicianship-Related Structural and Functional Cortical Features Are Preserved in Elderly Musicians
Association of loneliness and grey matter volume in the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex: the mediating role of interpersonal self-support traits.
"Symbols Are Special: An fMRI Adaptation Study of Symbolic, Nonsymbolic, and Non-Numerical Magnitude Processing in the Human Brain"
Local susceptibility causes diffusion alterations in patients with Alzheimer's disease and mild cognitive impairment.
Neural substrates for allocentric-to-egocentric conversion of remembered reach targets in humans.
Voxel-based morphometry and task functional magnetic resonance imaging in essential tremor: evidence for a disrupted brain network
Left-Hemispheric Asymmetry for Object-Based Attention: an ERP Study
Decreased white matter FA values in the left inferior frontal gyrus is a possible intermediate phenotype of schizophrenia: evidences from a novel group strategy.
Altered Brain Functional Connectivity at Resting-State in Patients With Non-arteritic Anterior Ischemic Optic Neuropathy
Study of rapid reorganization of visual neurofunctions with the resting‐state functional MRI in pituitary adenoma patients with vision improvement after transsphenoidal surgery
Changes in Resting-State Cerebral Activity in Women With Polycystic Ovary Syndrome: A Functional MR Imaging Study
"Probiotic Mixture Containing Lactobacillus helveticus, Bifidobacterium longum and Lactiplantibacillus plantarum Affects Brain Responses Toward an Emotional Task in Healthy Subjects: A Randomized Clinical Trial"
Effect of handedness on brain activity patterns and effective connectivity network during the semantic task of Chinese characters
Pediatric ADHD symptom burden relates to distinct neural activity across executive function domains
Visual food stimulus changes resting oscillatory brain activities related to appetitive motive
Altered spontaneous brain activity patterns in patients with diabetic retinopathy using amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation
Muscle sympathetic nerve activity‐coupled changes in brain activity during sustained muscle pain
Patterns of Gray and White Matter Volume Alterations in Patients With Post-Traumatic Anosmia: A Voxel-Based Morphometry Study
Insular Volume Reduction in Patients with Social Anxiety Disorder
Enhancing task fMRI preprocessing via individualized model-based filtering of intrinsic activity dynamics.
Cognitive Brain Signatures of Youth With Early Onset and Relatives With Schizophrenia: Evidence From fMRI Meta-analyses.
Theory of mind for processing unexpected events across contexts.
Rehabilitation of Communicative Abilities in Patients with a History of TBI: Behavioral Improvements and Cerebral Changes in Resting-State Activity
Regional and network neural activity reflect men’s preference for greater socioeconomic status during impression formation
Acupuncture Modulates the Functional Connectivity of the Default Mode Network in Stroke Patients
Listening to urban soundscapes: Physiological validity of perceptual dimensions.
Exploring Hypotheses of the Actions of TGF-β1 in Epidermal Wound Healing Using a 3D Computational Multiscale Model of the Human Epidermis
Assessing seasonal spatial segregation by age class of beluga whales (Delphinapterus leucas) in Western Hudson Bay estuaries
Altered hippocampal GABA and glutamate levels and uncoupling from functional connectivity in multiple sclerosis.
The influence of High Dose Spinal Cord Stimulation on the descending pain modulatory system in patients with failed back surgery syndrome
Detecting Abnormal Brain Regions in Schizophrenia Using Structural MRI via Machine Learning
The Primacy Effect in Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment: Associations with Hippocampal Functional Connectivity
Brain Activity during Lower-Limb Movement with Manual Facilitation: An fMRI Study
Sex Differences in the Blood Oxygen Level-Dependent Signal to Placebo Analgesia and Nocebo Hyperalgesia in Experimental Pain: A Functional MRI Study
Parental education is associated with differential engagement of neural pathways during inhibitory control
Frontoparietal cortex and cerebellum contribution to the update of actual and mental motor performance during the day
A unified model of post-stroke language deficits including discourse production and their neural correlates
The relaxation effect of autonomous sensory meridian response depends on personal preference
Contribution of self- and other-regarding motives to (dis)honesty
Reciprocal relations between reading skill and the neural basis of phonological awareness in 7- to 9-year-old children
Neuroticism predicts the impact of serotonin challenges on fear processing in subgenual anterior cingulate cortex
Altered Brain Structure and Functional Connectivity of Primary Visual Cortex in Optic Neuritis
"Dehydration and rehydration affect brain regional density and homogeneity among young male adults, determined via magnetic resonance imaging: A pilot self-control trial"
Ketamine normalizes brain activity during emotionally valenced attentional processing in depression
Voxel-Based Morphometry Reveals a Correlation Between Bone Mineral Density Loss and Reduced Cortical Gray Matter Volume in Alzheimer’s Disease
Developmental differences in brain functional connectivity during social interaction in middle childhood
“Motoring in idle”: The default mode and somatomotor networks are overactive in children and adolescents with functional neurological symptoms
Changes in brain gray matter volume in nasopharyngeal carcinoma patients after radiotherapy in long-term follow-up
"The importance of pro-social processing, and ameliorating dysfunction in schizophrenia. An FMRI study of oxytocin"
Hippocampal formation involvement in a language-activation task in patients with mesial temporal lobe epilepsy.
Effects of the BDNF Val66Met Polymorphism on Gray Matter Volume in Typically Developing Children and Adolescents
Cerebellar lobules and dentate nuclei mirror cortical force‐related‐BOLD responses: Beyond all (linear) expectations
Altered intrinsic regional brain activity in male patients with severe obstructive sleep apnea: a resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Interaction between Neuroanatomical and Psychological Changes after Mindfulness-Based Training
The Different Brain Mechanisms of Object and Spatial Working Memory: Voxel-Based Morphometry and Resting-State Functional Connectivity
Brain 5-HT2A receptor binding and its neural network related to behavioral inhibition system
Frequency-dependent functional alterations in people living with HIV with early stage of HIV-associated neurocognitive disorder
Age-related changes in grey and white matter structure throughout adulthood
The Effects of Alcohol Intoxication on Neuronal Activation at Different Levels of Cognitive Load
Influence of mild cognitive impairment and body mass index on white matter integrity assessed by diffusion tensor imaging.
A Sound Explanation for Motor Cortex Engagement during Action Word Comprehension.
The Neural System of Postdecision Evaluation in Rostral Frontal Cortex during Problem-solving Tasks
Cerebral 18F-FDG PET in macrophagic myofasciitis: An individual SVM-based approach
MEG sensor and source measures of visually induced gamma-band oscillations are highly reliable
Abnormal Functional Connectivity Density in New-Onset Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus Children: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
The neural networks underlying reappraisal of empathy for pain
The Altered Somatic Brain Network in State Anxiety
Effects of emotional valence and arousal on the voice perception network
Study of gray matter atrophy pattern with subcortical ischemic vascular disease-vascular cognitive impairment no dementia based on structural magnetic resonance imaging
Altered Spontaneous Brain Activity and Functional Integration in Hemodialysis Patients With End-Stage Renal Disease
Testing the adolescent social reorientation model during self and other evaluation using hierarchical growth curve modeling with parcellated fMRI data
Low glutamate diet improves working memory and contributes to altering BOLD response and functional connectivity within working memory networks in Gulf War Illness
Neural Correlates of Garment Fit and Purchase Intention in the Consumer Decision-Making Process and the Influence of Product Presentation
Nucleus accumbens activation is linked to salience in social decision making.
"Effects of Silexan on the Serotonin-1A Receptor and Microstructure of the Human Brain: A Randomized, Placebo-Controlled, Double-Blind, Cross-Over Study with Molecular and Structural Neuroimaging"
"Modulating the neural bases of persuasion: why/how, gain/loss, and users/non-users"
Explaining the neural activity distribution associated with discrete movement sequences: Evidence for parallel functional systems
The short-term effect of liver transplantation on the low-frequency fluctuation of brain activity in cirrhotic patients with and without overt hepatic encephalopathy.
Altered functional connectivity between cortical networks associated with inhibitory control in trauma-exposed females.
Distinct patterns of resting-state connectivity in U.S. service members with mild traumatic brain injury versus posttraumatic stress disorder.
Different Brain Connectivity between Responders and Nonresponders to Dual-Mode Noninvasive Brain Stimulation over Bilateral Primary Motor Cortices in Stroke Patients
Functional neurodevelopment of working memory in early-onset schizophrenia: A longitudinal FMRI study
fMRI in patients with lumbar disc disease: a paradigm to study patients over time
Love flows downstream: mothers’ and children’s neural representation similarity in perceiving distress of self and family
Physical activity-related individual differences in functional human connectome are linked to fluid intelligence in older adults.
The atypical functional connectivity of Broca's area at multiple frequency bands in autism spectrum disorder.
Effectiveness of Semantic Encoding Strategy Training after Traumatic Brain Injury is Correlated with Frontal Brain Activation Change
"The Neural Processes Interlinking Social Isolation, Social Support, and Problem Alcohol Use"
The influence of insulin on anticipation and consummatory reward to food intake: A functional imaging study on healthy normal weight and overweight subjects employing intranasal insulin delivery
Resting‐state functional brain networks in adults with a new diagnosis of focal epilepsy
Meta-Analyses of Developing Brain Function in High-Risk and Emerged Bipolar Disorder
Targeting suicidal ideation in major depressive disorder with MRI-navigated Stanford accelerated intelligent neuromodulation therapy
"Disentangling the attention network test: behavioral, event related potentials, and neural source analyses"
Mindfulness-based cognitive therapy neurobiology in treatment-resistant obsessive-compulsive disorder: A domain-related resting-state networks approach.
Dissociable medial temporal pathways for encoding emotional item and context information.
Increased child‐evoked activation in the precuneus during facial affect recognition in mothers
Limbic grey matter changes in early Parkinson's disease
Assessing remission in major depressive disorder using a functional-structural data fusion pipeline: A CAN-BIND-1 study
Gray matter atrophy and corresponding impairments in connectivity in patients with anti-N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor encephalitis.
Shared and Disorder-Specific Neurocomputational Mechanisms of Decision-Making in Autism Spectrum Disorder and Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder
Empathy Modulates the Activity of the Sensorimotor Mirror Neuron System during Pain Observation
Early Engagement of Parietal Cortex for Subtraction Solving Predicts Longitudinal Gains in Behavioral Fluency in Children
Effects of an APOE Promoter Polymorphism on Fronto-Parietal Functional Connectivity During Nondemented Aging
Effects of perinatal blood pressure on maternal brain functional connectivity
Spontaneous mentalizing predicts the fundamental attribution error.
Parcellation‐based tractographic modeling of the salience network through meta‐analysis
Altered Brain Activity in Strabismic Amblyopic Children as Determined by Regional Homogeneity: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Recent-onset and persistent tinnitus: Uncovering the differences in brain activities using resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging technologies
Disrupted functional connectivity of precuneus subregions in obsessive-compulsive disorder
Altered Functional Connectivity of Fusiform Gyrus in Subjects with Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Separating lexical-semantic access from other mnemonic processes in picture-name verification
Lateralisation of nasal cycle is not reflected in the olfactory bulb volumes and cerebral activations.
The acute effects of cannabidiol on emotional processing and anxiety: a neurocognitive imaging study
The brain markers of creativity measured by divergent thinking in childhood: Hippocampal volume and functional connectivity.
Metabolic and Neural Mechanisms Underlying the Associations Between Gut Bacteroides and Cognition: A Large-Scale Functional Network Connectivity Study
Violent offenders respond to provocations with high amygdala and striatal reactivity
Common and Unique Neural Systems Underlying the Working Memory Maintenance of Emotional vs. Bodily Reactions to Affective Stimuli: The Moderating Role of Trait Emotional Awareness
The role of the ventrolateral anterior temporal lobes in social cognition
Default Mode Network Activity Predicts Early Memory Decline in Healthy Young Adults Aged 18-31.
Distinct cortical locations for integration of audiovisual speech and the McGurk effect
Individual differences in decision making competence revealed by multivariate fMRI.
Interplay of the long axis of the hippocampus and ventromedial prefrontal cortex in schema-related memory retrieval.
Effective connectivity decreases in specific brain networks with postparalysis facial synkinesis: a dynamic causal modeling study.
Neurocultural evidence that ideal affect match promotes giving
Short-term modulation of the lesioned language network
"Effects of age, sex, and puberty on neural efficiency of cognitive and motor control in adolescents."
Cortical Pathways or Mechanism in the Face Inversion Effect in Patients with First-Episode Schizophrenia
Disrupted dynamic amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations in patients with active thyroid-associated ophthalmopathy
Antenatal maternal anxiety modulates the BOLD response in 20-year-old men during endogenous cognitive control.
Function and biochemistry of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex during placebo analgesia: how the certainty of prior experiences shapes endogenous pain relief
Functional and Pathological Correlates of Judgments of Learning in Cognitively Unimpaired Older Adults.
Brain network topology predicts participant adherence to mental training programs
Mother brain is wired for social moments
Stressor-Specific Sex Differences in Amygdala–Frontal Cortex Networks
Integrative and distinctive coding of visual and conceptual object features in the ventral visual stream
Women with early maltreatment experience show increased resting-state functional connectivity in the theory of mind (ToM) network
Neural determinants of human goal-directed vs. habitual action control and their relation to trait motivation
"Developmental dyscalculia is not associated with atypical brain activation: A univariate fMRI study of arithmetic, magnitude processing, and visuospatial working memory"
Foundations of human spatial problem solving
Altered functional connectivity of cerebellar dentate nucleus in peak-dose dyskinesia in Parkinson’s disease
"Visual Awareness, Emotion, and Gamma Band Synchronization"
Specific cerebral perfusion patterns in three schizophrenia symptom dimensions.
Neural Processing Dysfunctions During Fear Learning but Not Reward-Related Processing Characterize Depressed Individuals With High Levels of Repetitive Negative Thinking.
Systemic inflammation is associated with differential neural reactivity and connectivity to affective images
Choice selection and reward anticipation: an fMRI study.
The experience of beauty derived from sorrow
Structural and Functional Connectivity of the Anterior Cingulate Cortex in Patients With Borderline Personality Disorder
Own-song recognition in the songbird auditory pathway: selectivity and lateralization.
Functional Connectivity Density Mapping of Depressive Symptoms and Loneliness in Non-Demented Elderly Male
Structural connections in the brain in relation to gender identity and sexual orientation
Alterations in Salience Network Functional Connectivity in Individuals with Restless Legs Syndrome
Cough Is Dangerous: Neural Correlates of Implicit Body Symptoms Associations
"Vigilance, the Amygdala, and Anxiety in Youths with a History of Institutional Care."
A study on changes of the resting-state brain function network in patients with amnestic mild cognitive impairment
The impact of emotional context on neural substrates of respiratory sensory gating
Language combinations of multilinguals are reflected in their first-language knowledge and processing
Functional connectivity changes associated with fMRI neurofeedback of right inferior frontal cortex in adolescents with ADHD
"Correlation of Pain Reduction with fMRI BOLD Response in Osteoarthritis Patients Treated with Paracetamol: Randomized, Double-Blind, Crossover Clinical Efficacy Study"
"Cue-Induced Brain Activation in Chronic Ketamine-Dependent Subjects, Cigarette Smokers, and Healthy Controls: A Task Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study"
Reduction of Interhemispheric Functional Brain Connectivity in Early Blindness: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Power to Punish Norm Violations Affects the Neural Processes of Fairness-Related Decision Making
Brain Activation during Memory Encoding in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A Discordant Twin Pair Study
Abnormal whole-brain voxelwise structure-function coupling and its association with cognitive dysfunction in patients with different cerebral small vessel disease burdens
The Effects of Acupuncture Stimulation for Brain Activation and Alcohol Abstinence Self-Efficacy: Functional MRI Study
Shared genetic influences on adolescent body mass index and brain structure: A voxel-based morphometry study in twins.
Altered functional connectivity in binge eating disorder and bulimia nervosa: A resting‐state fMRI study
Non-pharmacological and pharmacological interventions relieve insomnia symptoms by modulating a shared network: A controlled longitudinal study
Cross sex hormone treatment is linked with a reversal of cerebral patterns associated with gender dysphoria to the baseline of cisgender controls.
Cerebellar function in children with and without dyslexia during single word processing
Domain General Sequence Operations Contribute to Pre-SMA Involvement in Visuo-spatial Processing
Patterns of Brain Activation when Mothers View Their Own Child and Dog: An fMRI Study
Callous-unemotional traits and brain structure: Sex-specific effects in anterior insula of typically-developing youths
Functional Analysis of Brain Imaging Suggests Changes in the Availability of mGluR5 and Altered Connectivity in the Cerebral Cortex of Long-Term Abstaining Males with Alcohol Dependence: A Preliminary Study
Role of the parahippocampal cortex in memory for the configuration but not the identity of objects: converging evidence from patients with selective thermal lesions and fMRI
North American Football Fans Show Neurofunctional Differences in Response to Violence: Implications for Public Health and Policy
Does losing money truly hurt? The shared neural bases of monetary loss and pain
Theta and high-beta networks for feedback processing: a simultaneous EEG–fMRI study in healthy male subjects
Child neurobiology impacts success in family-based behavioral treatment for children with obesity
Neural basis underlying the relation between internet addiction tendency and sleep quality: The intrinsic default-mode network connectivity pathways.
Neural Representations of Covert Attention across Saccades: Comparing Pattern Similarity to Shifting and Holding Attention during Fixation
Priming the Secure Attachment Schema Affects the Emotional Face Processing Bias in Attachment Anxiety: An fMRI Research
Age differences in the intrinsic functional connectivity of default network subsystems
Abnormal regional spontaneous neural activity and functional connectivity in thyroid-associated ophthalmopathy patients with different activity: a resting-state fMRI study
Reading skill related to left ventral occipitotemporal cortex during a phonological awareness task in 5–6-year old children
Neuroanatomical Alterations in Patients With Tinnitus Before and After Sound Therapy: A Combined VBM and SCN Study
Evidence for a gradient within the medial temporal lobes for flexible retrieval under hierarchical task rules.
Self-regulation of visual word form area activation with real-time fMRI neurofeedback
"Different associations between amyloid-βeta 42, amyloid-βeta 40, and amyloid-βeta 42/40 with soluble phosphorylated-tau and disease burden in Alzheimer’s disease: a cerebrospinal fluid and fluorodeoxyglucose-positron emission tomography study"
Disrupted multi-scale topological organization of directed functional brain networks in patients with disorders of consciousness
Assembling and encoding word representations: fMRI subsequent memory effects implicate a role for phonological control.
Gray matter volume alterations associated with suicidal ideation and suicide attempts in patients with mood disorders
Brain structural correlates of postoperative axial pain in degenerative cervical myelopathy patients following posterior cervical decompression surgery: a voxel-based morphometry study
Brain Regional Homogeneity Changes in Cirrhotic Patients with or without Hepatic Encephalopathy Revealed by Multi-Frequency Bands Analysis Based on Resting-State Functional MRI
Ranking Network of a Captive Rhesus Macaque Society: A Sophisticated Corporative Kingdom
Cerebellar correlates of social dysfunction among individuals at clinical high risk for psychosis
Resting-State Functional Connectivity of Antero-Medial Prefrontal Cortex Sub-Regions in Major Depression and Relationship to Emotional Intelligence
Functional brain connectivity during social attention predicts individual differences in social skill
EEG-Informed fMRI Reveals a Disturbed Gamma-Band–Specific Network in Subjects at High Risk for Psychosis
Five weeks of intermittent transcutaneous vagus nerve stimulation shape neural networks: a machine learning approach
The neural correlates of delay discounting in obesity and binge eating disorder
Thinking fast or slow? Functional magnetic resonance imaging reveals stronger connectivity when experienced neurologists diagnose ambiguous cases
CSF total tau levels are associated with hippocampal novelty irrespective of hippocampal volume
Morphologic alterations of the fear circuitry: the role of sex hormones and oral contraceptives
"Reliability, sensitivity, and predictive value of fMRI during multiple object tracking as a marker of cognitive training gain in combination with tDCS in stroke survivors"
Experimental and methodological factors affecting test-retest reliability of amygdala BOLD responses.
Brain Active Areas Associated with a Mental Arithmetic Task: An eLORETA Study
Frequency of Maternal Touch Predicts Resting Activity and Connectivity of the Developing Social Brain
EEG in adult-onset idiopathic generalized epilepsy.
Alterations of Functional Brain Connectivity After Long-Duration Spaceflight as Revealed by fMRI
The Predictive Potential of Altered Voxel-Based Morphometry in Severely Obese Patients With Meibomian Gland Dysfunction
Differences in Functional Connectivity of the Insula Between Brain Wave Vibration in Meditators and Non-meditators
Brain Activation and Functional Connectivity of Reappraisal and Acceptance for Anxious Events
Speech cortical activation and connectivity in typically developing children and those with listening difficulties
Functional MRI Investigation of Ultrasound Stimulation at ST 36
Lifelong impact of extreme stress on the human brain: Holocaust survivors study
Neural Correlates of Stepping in Healthy Elderly: Parietal and Prefrontal Cortex Activation Reflects Cognitive-Motor Interference Effects
The Decline in Intrinsic Connectivity Between the Salience Network and Locus Coeruleus in Older Adults: Implications for Distractibility
The increased functional connectivity between the locus coeruleus and supramarginal gyrus in insomnia disorder with acupuncture modulation
Functional mapping of language networks in the normal brain using a word-association task
Blockade of the brachial plexus abolishes activation of specific brain regions by electroacupuncture at LI4: a functional MRI study
Plastic Changes in Pain and Motor Network Induced by Chronic Burn Pain
Intra- and inter-hemispheric effective connectivity in the human somatosensory cortex during pressure stimulation
Structure-function correlations in Retinitis Pigmentosa patients with partially preserved vision: a voxel-based morphometry study
Enhanced positive emotional reactivity in frontotemporal dementia reflects left-lateralized atrophy in the temporal and frontal lobes.
The inferior frontal gyrus spontaneous activity mediates the association of early life adversity with self-control ability in late adolescents.
Dynamic network reorganization underlying neuroplasticity: the deficits-severity-related language network dynamics in patients with left hemispheric gliomas involving language network.
Social Support Modulates Neural Responses to Unfairness in the Ultimatum Game
The neural correlates of context driven changes in the emotional response: An fMRI study
Practice modality of motor sequences impacts the neural signature of motor imagery
Role of SNAP‐25 MnlI variant in impaired working memory and brain functions in attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder
The Bilateral Precuneus as a Potential Neuroimaging Biomarker for Right Temporal Lobe Epilepsy: A Support Vector Machine Analysis
Emotional and non-emotional pathways to impulsive behavior and addiction
Abnormal intrinsic functional activity in patients with cervical spondylotic myelopathy: a resting-state fMRI study
Aggregation of Vascular Risk Factors Modulates the Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuation in Mild Cognitive Impairment Patients
Altered thalamic connectivity in insomnia disorder during wakefulness and sleep
Changes in White Matter Integrity before Conversion from Mild Cognitive Impairment to Alzheimer’s Disease
Brain motion networks predict head motion during rest- and task-fMRI
Role of anterior midcingulate cortex in self‐reward representation and reward allocation judgments within social context
Altered intrinsic brain activity in patients with toothaches using the amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations: a resting-state fMRI study
Depression Severity Over 27 Months in Adolescent Girls Is Predicted by Stress-Linked Cortical Morphology.
The Degree Centrality and Functional Connectivity in Patients With Temporal Lobe Epilepsy Presenting as Ictal Panic: A Resting State fMRI Study
Social brain activation during mentalizing in a large autism cohort: the Longitudinal European Autism Project
Striatum-related spontaneous coactivation patterns predict treatment response on positive symptoms of drug-naive first-episode schizophrenia with risperidone monotherapy
Neural processing of olfactory-related words in subjects with congenital and acquired olfactory dysfunction
The Role of Amygdala in Patients With Euthymic Bipolar Disorder During Resting State
Context-Dependent Neural Modulations in the Perception of Duration
Observing Action Sequences Elicits Sequence-Specific Neural Representations in Frontoparietal Brain Regions
Effects of APOE ε2 allele on basal forebrain functional connectivity in mild cognitive impairment
Williams syndrome hemideletion and LIMK1 variation both affect dorsal stream functional connectivity.
Amyloid-independent atrophy patterns predict time to progression to dementia in mild cognitive impairment
Treatment Associated Changes of Functional Connectivity of Midbrain/Brainstem Nuclei in Major Depressive Disorder
Changes in resting-state functional brain activity are associated with waning cognitive functions in HIV-infected children
Gender Differences in Cerebral Regional Homogeneity of Adult Healthy Volunteers: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Neural correlates of distraction in borderline personality disorder before and after dialectical behavior therapy.
Correlated Brain Indexes of Semantic Prediction and Prediction Error: Brain Localization and Category Specificity
Mechanisms supporting the social regulation of neural threat responding with marital partners: A test of the opioid hypothesis.
Social and Non-social Reward: A Preliminary Examination of Clinical Improvement and Neural Reactivity in Adolescents Treated With Behavioral Therapy for Anxiety and Depression
“Stay Tuned”: Inter-Individual Neural Synchronization During Mutual Gaze and Joint Attention
"Early life stress, low-grade systemic inflammation and weaker suppression of the default mode network (DMN) during face processing in Schizophrenia"
Leukoaraiosis and Gray Matter Volume Alteration in Older Adults: The PROOF Study
The Neural Substrates of Subjective Time Dilation
Electronic-Sports Experience Related to Functional Enhancement in Central Executive and Default Mode Areas
Altered Resting-State Brain Activities in Drug-Naïve Major Depressive Disorder Assessed by fMRI: Associations With Somatic Symptoms Defined by Yin-Yang Theory of the Traditional Chinese Medicine
Shared Neural Substrates Underlying Reading and Visual Matching: A Longitudinal Investigation
Neural tracking of subjective value under riskand ambiguity in adolescence
Instructions matter: a comparison of baseline conditions for cognitive emotion regulation paradigms
Cognitive control over memory – individual differences in memory performance for emotional and neutral material
Alterations of structural and functional connectivity in profound sensorineural hearing loss infants within an early sensitive period: A combined DTI and fMRI study
Impact of Early-Commenced and Continued Sports Training on the Precuneus in Older Athletes
Altered Temporal Dynamics of the Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuations in Comitant Exotropia Patients
Frequency-specific noninvasive modulation of memory retrieval and its relationship with hippocampal network connectivity.
A Case Series Clinical Trial of a Novel Approach Using Augmented Reality That Inspires Self-body Cognition in Patients With Stroke: Effects on Motor Function and Resting-State Brain Functional Connectivity
Moxibustion for primary dysmenorrhea: A resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study exploring the alteration of functional connectivity strength and functional connectivity
Analytic consistency and neural correlates of peak alpha frequency in the study of pain.
Resolving the Brainstem Contributions to Attentional Analgesia
Epilepsy Lesion Localization is not Predicted by Developmental Venous Anomaly Location or its FDG-PET Metabolic Activity.
Psychopathic traits and social brain responses during moral evaluation in adolescence.
Effects of low- and high-intensity exercise on emotional face processing: an fMRI face-matching study
Dissociating tinnitus patients from healthy controls using resting-state cyclicity analysis and clustering
Altered Patterns of Phase Position Connectivity in Default Mode Subnetwork of Subjective Cognitive Decline and Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment
The alterations of degree centrality in the frontal lobe of patients with panic disorder
Brief learning induces a memory bias for arousing-negative words: an fMRI study in high and low trait anxious persons
Nodal properties of the resting-state brain functional network in childhood and adolescence.
Abnormalities of the Default Mode Network Functional Connectivity in Patients with Insomnia Disorder
Structural deficits and cognitive impairment in tuberculous meningitis
Cerebellar activation associated with model-based estimation of tool-use consequences
Computational modelling of reinforcement learning and functional neuroimaging of probabilistic reversal for dissociating compulsive behaviours in gambling and cocaine use disorders
Subclinical Visuospatial Impairment in Parkinson’s Disease: The Role of Basal Ganglia and Limbic System
Aberrant Brain Spontaneous Activity and Synchronization in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Patients: A Resting-State Functional MRI Study
Brain Function and Upper Limb Deficit in Stroke With Motor Execution and Imagery: A Cross-Sectional Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Avoiding Negative Outcomes: Tracking the Mechanisms of Avoidance Learning in Humans During Fear Conditioning
Pattern of cerebral hyperperfusion in Alzheimer’s disease and amnestic mild cognitive impairment using voxel-based analysis of 3D arterial spin-labeling imaging: initial experience
Does development moderate the effect of early life assaultive violence on resting-state networks? An exploratory study.
Regional homogeneity alterations in multifrequency bands in patients with extracranial multi-organ tuberculosis: a prospective cross-sectional study
Structural brain differences predict early traumatic memory processing.
Cognitive control dysfunction and abnormal frontal cortex activation in stimulant drug users and their biological siblings
S1 is associated with chronic low back pain: a functional and structural MRI study
Effective Connectivity during an Avoidance-Based Pavlovian-to-Instrumental Transfer Task
Basal ganglia involvement in ARX patients: The reason for ARX patients very specific grasping?
The Role of the Ventromedial Prefrontal Cortex in Preferential Decisions for Own- and Other-Age Faces
Contextual modulation of value signals in reward and punishment learning
"Gray Matter Alterations in Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder, Obsessive–Compulsive Disorder, and Social Anxiety Disorder"
Imaging the neural substrate of trigeminal neuralgia pain using deep learning
Intrinsic functional connectivity correlates of cognitive deficits involving sustained attention and executive function in bipolar disorder
Long-Term Effects of Cannabis on Brain Structure
Monitoring the neural activity associated with praying in Sahaja Yoga meditation
Changes in Functional Integration with the Non-Epileptic Temporal Lobe of Patients with Unilateral Mesiotemporal Epilepsy
Being bold wisely: neural substrates underlying ability to exploit risk.
Reduced pattern similarity in brain activation during orthographic processing in children with developmental dyslexia.
Neural responses to a modified Stroop paradigm in patients with complex chronic musculoskeletal pain compared to matched controls: an experimental functional magnetic resonance imaging study
fMRI adaptation reveals: The human mirror neuron system discriminates emotional valence.
Effects of the Prolong Life With Nine Turn Method (Yan Nian Jiu Zhuan) Qigong on Brain Functional Changes in Patients With Chronic Fatigue Syndrome in Terms of Fatigue and Quality of Life
Grey matter atrophy in prodromal stage of dementia with Lewy bodies and Alzheimer’s disease
Increased Low-Frequency Resting-State Brain Activity by High-Frequency Repetitive TMS on the Left Dorsolateral Prefrontal Cortex
The Lateral Occipital Cortex in the Face Perception Network: An Effective Connectivity Study
Task-independent effects are potential confounders in longitudinal imaging studies of learning in schizophrenia
Neural correlates of verbal working memory in children with epilepsy with centro-temporal spikes
Diurnal Preference and Grey Matter Volume in a Large Population of Older Adults: Data from the UK Biobank
Multivoxel codes for representing and integrating acoustic features in human cortex
Fronto-striatal activity predicts anhedonia and positive empathy subtypes.
Intrinsic network activity in tinnitus investigated using functional MRI
Network Mapping of Connectivity Alterations in Disorder of Consciousness: Towards Targeted Neuromodulation
Working memory in schizophrenia: The role of the locus coeruleus and its relation to functional brain networks
Association of Common Polymorphisms in the Nicotinic Acetylcholine Receptor Alpha4 Subunit Gene with an Electrophysiological Endophenotype in a Large Population-Based Sample
Sense of external agency is sustained by multisensory functional integration in the somatosensory cortex
Load matters: neural correlates of verbal working memory in children with autism spectrum disorder
Deficits of Visual Cortex Function in Acute Acquired Concomitant Esotropia Patients
Aberrant functional connectivity in patients with Parkinson's disease and freezing of gait: a within- and between-network analysis.
Human Rapid Eye Movement Sleep Shows Local Increases in Low-Frequency Oscillations and Global Decreases in High-Frequency Oscillations Compared to Resting Wakefulness
"The relationship between resting-state functional connectivity, antidepressant discontinuation and depression relapse"
Ketamine-Induced Modulation of the Thalamo-Cortical Network in Healthy Volunteers As a Model for Schizophrenia
Optshrink LR + S: accelerated fMRI reconstruction using non-convex optimal singular value shrinkage
Posterior Cingulate Lactate as a Metabolic Biomarker in Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment
Longitudinal effects of meditation on brain resting-state functional connectivity
Integrated deep visual and semantic attractor neural networks predict fMRI pattern-information along the ventral object processing pathway
Dysfunction of the Auditory Brainstem as a Neurophysiology Subtype of Autism Spectrum Disorder
Impact of prenatal alcohol exposure on intracortical myelination and deep white matter in children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.
Differences between memory encoding and retrieval failure in mild cognitive impairment: results from quantitative electroencephalography and magnetic resonance volumetry
Effect of Alzheimer's Disease Risk Variant rs3824968 at SORL1 on Regional Gray Matter Volume and Age-Related Interaction in Adult Lifespan
Alterations of functional connectivities associated with autism spectrum disorder symptom severity: a multi-site study using multivariate pattern analysis
Morphometric Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study in Children With Primary Monosymptomatic Nocturnal Enuresis
Functional network alterations differently associated with suicidal ideas and acts in depressed patients: an indirect support to the transition model
The anticipation and outcome phases of reward and loss processing: A neuroimaging meta‐analysis of the monetary incentive delay task
Brain pathology in first-episode psychosis: Magnetization transfer imaging provides additional information to MRI measurements of volume loss
Atypical Brain Structures as a Function of Gray Matter Volume (GMV) and Gray Matter Density (GMD) in Young Adults Relating to Autism Spectrum Traits
"Social anxiety, posterior insula activation, and autonomic response during self-initiated action in a Cyberball game."
Shared and distinct global signal topography disturbances in subcortical and cortical networks in human epilepsy
Perceived live interaction modulates the developing social brain.
Larger Volume and Different Activation of the Brain in Response to Threat in Military Officers
Neurobiobehavioral responses to virtual social rejection in females—exploring the influence of oxytocin
Abnormal brain spontaneous activity in major depressive disorder adolescents with non-suicidal self injury and its changes after sertraline therapy
Towards a neuroscience-based theory of personality: within-subjects dissociation of human brain activity during pursuit and goal conflict
A single case neuroimaging study of tickertape synesthesia
Demonstrating Brain-Level Interactions Between Visuospatial Attentional Demands and Working Memory Load While Driving Using Functional Near-Infrared Spectroscopy
Neural connectivity moderators and mechanisms of ketamine treatment among treatment-resistant depressed patients: a randomized controlled trial
Sample entropy reveals high discriminative power between young and elderly adults in short fMRI data sets
Neural correlates of overvaluation and the effort to save possessions in a novel decision task: An exploratory fMRI study
The Derived Allele of ASPM Is Associated with Lexical Tone Perception
Brain Mechanisms of Arithmetic: A Crucial Role for Ventral Temporal Cortex.
Brain activation during visual working memory correlates with behavioral mobility performance in older adults
Causal Interactions in Human Amygdala Cortical Networks across the Lifespan
Altered Functional Brain Networks in Patients with Traumatic Anosmia: Resting-State Functional MRI Based on Graph Theoretical Analysis
Overlapping but Divergent Neural Correlates Underpinning Audiovisual Synchrony and Temporal Order Judgments
Acute tramadol enhances brain activity associated with reward anticipation in the nucleus accumbens.
Brain network hierarchy reorganization in Alzheimer's disease: A resting‐state functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Neural Correlates of Visual Motion Prediction
Functional MRI of Handwriting Tasks: A Study of Healthy Young Adults Interacting with a Novel Touch-Sensitive Tablet
The correlation of retinal neurodegeneration and brain degeneration in patients with Alzheimer’s disease using optical coherence tomography angiography and MRI
The human prefrontal cortex mediates integration of potential causes behind observed outcomes
Are batterers different from other criminals? An fMRI study.
Effects of Music Training on Inhibitory Control and Associated Neural Networks in School-Aged Children: A Longitudinal Study
Neural Correlates of Dynamically Evolving Interpersonal Ties Predict Prosocial Behavior
Morphological decomposition compensates for imperfections in phonological decoding. Neural evidence from typical and dyslexic readers of an opaque orthography.
Dynamic Language Network in Early and Late Cantonese–Mandarin Bilinguals
"Tonic pain alters functional connectivity of the descending pain modulatory network involving amygdala, periaqueductal gray, parabrachial nucleus and anterior cingulate cortex✰"
Abnormal metabolic connectivity in default mode network of right temporal lobe epilepsy
Behavioral and Neural Signatures of Visual Imagery Vividness Extremes: Aphantasia versus Hyperphantasia
It's how you get there: walking down a virtual alley activates premotor and parietal areas
Response-level processing during visual feature search: Effects of frontoparietal activation and adult age
Spatiotemporal evidence uncovers differential neural activity patterns in cognitive and affective conflict control.
The neural basis of number word processing in children and adults
Differential Effects of a Left Frontal Glioma on the Cortical Thickness and Complexity of Both Hemispheres
Temporal and spatial variability of dynamic microstate brain network in disorders of consciousness
Causal Structural Covariance Network Suggesting Structural Alterations Progression in Type 2 Diabetes Patients
Identification of biopsychological trait markers in functional neurological disorders
Effects of age on the neural correlates of encoding source and item information: An fMRI study.
Diffusion Tensor Imaging and Decision Making in Cocaine Dependence
Human in vivo evidence of associations between herpes simplex virus and cerebral amyloid-beta load in normal aging
Oxytocin gene polymorphisms influence human dopaminergic function in a sex-dependent manner.
"Chronic tobacco smoking, impaired reward-based decision-making, and role of insular cortex: A comparison between early-onset smokers and late-onset smokers"
"The Hierarchical Organization of the Default, Dorsal Attention and Salience Networks in Adolescents and Young Adults"
Participation of visual association areas in social processing emerges when rTPJ is inhibited
Using Time-to-Contact Information to Assess Potential Collision Modulates Both Visual and Temporal Prediction Networks
The Neural Basis of a Cognitive Function That Suppresses the Generation of Mental Imagery: Evidence from a Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Attachment Security Priming Delayed Negative Information-Related Attentional Disengagement Among Anxiously Attached Individuals: Evidence From Behavioral and Functional MRI Experiments
Do You Believe It? Verbal Suggestions Influence the Clinical and Neural Effects of Escitalopram in Social Anxiety Disorder: A Randomized Trial
Reduced Visual and Frontal Cortex Activation During Visual Working Memory in Grapheme-Color Synaesthetes Relative to Young and Older Adults
Predicting clinical outcome from reward circuitry function and white matter structure in behaviorally and emotionally dysregulated youth
Children with dyslexia show cortical hyperactivation in response to increasing literacy processing demands
Neural Mechanisms Underlying Individual Differences in Control-Averse Behavior
Different gray matter patterns in chronic schizophrenia and chronic bipolar disorder patients identified using voxel-based morphometry.
Multimodal Magnetic Resonance Imaging in Alzheimer’s Disease Patients at Prodromal Stage
Neural Plasticity of Mild Tinnitus: An fMRI Investigation Comparing Those Recently Diagnosed with Tinnitus to Those That Had Tinnitus for a Long Period of Time
Corrigendum to “Fear Processing in Dental Phobia during Crossmodal Symptom Provocation: An fMRI Study”
The neural substrates of sex differences in balanced time perspective: A unique role for the precuneus.
Human body odor increases familiarity for faces during encoding‐retrieval task
Neural circuits activated by error amplification and haptic guidance training techniques during performance of a timing-based motor task by healthy individuals
Transcriptional signatures of the whole-brain voxel-wise resting-state functional network centrality alterations in schizophrenia
Monitoring Processes and Their Neuronal Correlates as the Basis of Auditory Verbal Hallucinations in a Non-clinical Sample
High spatial correlation in brain connectivity between micturition and resting states within bladder-related networks using 7 T MRI in multiple sclerosis women with voiding dysfunction
The Impact of Whole Brain Global Functional Connectivity Density Following MECT in Major Depression: A Follow-Up Study
Assessing the role of the amygdala in fear of pain: Neural activation under threat of shock.
Aberrant resting-state regional activity in patients with postpartum depression
Changed Resting-State Brain Signal in Parkinson's Patients With Mild Depression
Altered prefrontal signaling during inhibitory control in a salient drug context in cocaine use disorder.
One season of head-to-ball impact exposure alters functional connectivity in a central autonomic network
Alterations in power spectral density in motor- and pain-related networks on neuropathic pain after spinal cord injury
Brain networks underlying aesthetic appreciation as modulated by interaction of the spectral and temporal organisations of music
High “Normal” Blood Glucose Is Associated with Decreased Brain Volume and Cognitive Performance in the 60s: The PATH through Life Study
Age-Dependent Contribution of Domain-General Networks to Semantic Cognition
Segregation of Lexical and Sub-Lexical Reading Processes in the Left Perisylvian Cortex
The brain signature of paracetamol in healthy volunteers: a double-blind randomized trial
"Dynamic causal modeling revealed dysfunctional effective connectivity in both, the cortico-basal-ganglia and the cerebello-cortical motor network in writers' cramp"
Cooperation Not Competition: Bihemispheric tDCS and fMRI Show Role for Ipsilateral Hemisphere in Motor Learning
The Experience of Beauty of Chinese Poetry and Its Neural Substrates
The neurobiology of taboo language processing: fMRI evidence during spoken word production
Patterns of Pretreatment Reward Task Brain Activation Predict Individual Antidepressant Response: Key Results From the EMBARC Randomized Clinical Trial.
Gender effects on autism spectrum disorder: a multi-site resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study of transcriptome-neuroimaging
Multimodal Integration and Vividness in the Angular Gyrus During Episodic Encoding and Retrieval
Performance and Material-Dependent Holistic Representation of Unconscious Thought: A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Altered Brain Activity in Patients With Comitant Strabismus Detected by Analysis of the Fractional Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuation: A Resting-State Functional MRI Study
Increased cerebral blood flow is correlated with neurocognitive impairment in long-term hemodialysis patients: an arterial spin labeling MRI study.
"Associations between Parents’ Perceived Air Quality in Homes and Health among Children in Nanjing, China"
Mentalizing and Information Propagation through Social Network: Evidence from a Resting-State-fMRI Study
Social perception in deaf individuals: A meta‐analysis of neuroimaging studies
Behavior and neuroimaging at baseline predict individual response to combined mathematical and working memory training in children
Social structure learning in human anterior insula
Neural Changes following Behavioral Activation for a Depressed Breast Cancer Patient: A Functional MRI Case Study
White Matter Microstructural Changes Following Quadrato Motor Training: A Longitudinal Study
Neural Signature for Auditory Hallucinations in Schizophrenia: A High-Resolution Positron Emission Tomography Study with Fludeoxyglucose (18F)
The Attention Modulation on Timing: An Event-Related Potential Study
Gut dysbiosis-influence on amygdala-based functional activity in patients with end stage renal disease: a preliminary study.
Brain microstructural alterations in the left precuneus mediate the association between KIBRA polymorphism and working memory in healthy adults: a diffusion kurtosis imaging study
Exploring brain connectivity changes in major depressive disorder using functional‐structural data fusion: A CAN‐BIND‐1 study
A review of functional brain imaging correlates of successful cognitive aging.
White Matter Deficits in Psychopathic Offenders and Correlation with Factor Structure
Individual differences in envy experienced through perspective-taking involves functional connectivity of the superior frontal gyrus
Neural correlates of automatic emotion regulation and their association with suicidal ideation in adolescents during the first 90-days of residential care
Using MEG to Understand the Progression of Light Sleep and the Emergence and Functional Roles of Spindles and K-Complexes
Plasticity in the Sensitivity to Light in Aging: Decreased Non-visual Impact of Light on Cognitive Brain Activity in Older Individuals but No Impact of Lens Replacement
Age- and sex-related differences in cortical morphology and their relationships with cognitive performance in healthy middle-aged and older adults
Functional Implications of Age Differences in Motor System Connectivity
Network-Based Analysis Reveals Functional Connectivity Related to Internet Addiction Tendency
Cognitive Fatigue Is Associated with Altered Functional Connectivity in Interoceptive and Reward Pathways in Multiple Sclerosis
The effect of gender on the neuroanatomy of children with autism spectrum disorders: a support vector machine case-control study
"Assessing and mapping language, attention and executive multidimensional deficits in stroke aphasia"
Brain activity associated with taste stimulation: A mechanism for neuroplastic change?
Putamen Activation Represents an Intrinsic Positive Prediction Error Signal for Visual Search in Repeated Configurations
The link between static and dynamic brain functional network connectivity and genetic risk of Alzheimer's disease
Neural Correlates of Prosocial Behavior: Compensating Social Exclusion in a Four-Player Cyberball Game
Reward-related regions form a preferentially coupled system at rest.
Right Inferior Frontal Gyrus Activation Is Associated with Memory Improvement in Patients with Left Frontal Low-Grade Glioma Resection
Symptom-severity-related brain connectivity alterations in functional movement disorders
Objective Assessment of Hyposmia in Alzheimer's Disease From Image and Behavior by Combining Pleasant Odor With Unpleasant Odor
Cognitive performance in mid-stage Parkinson's disease: functional connectivity under chronic antiparkinson treatment.
Aberrant Brain Function in Active-Stage Ulcerative Colitis Patients: A Resting-State Functional MRI Study
Cortical plasticity in phantom limb pain: A fMRI study on the neural correlates of behavioral clinical manifestations.
Altered Neuronal Responses During an Affective Stroop Task in Adolescents With Conduct Disorder
Greater BOLD Variability is Associated With Poorer Cognitive Function in an Adult Lifespan Sample
Brain and cognitive correlates of subjective cognitive decline-plus features in a population-based cohort
Amygdala response and functional connectivity during cognitive emotion regulation of aversive image sequences.
Relationship of fasting glucose and longitudinal Alzheimer's disease imaging markers
Transcranial direct current stimulation to modulate fMRI drug cue reactivity in methamphetamine users: A randomized clinical trial
Separate Brain Circuits Support Integrative and Semantic Priming in the Human Language System.
Brain structural abnormalities in behavior therapy-resistant obsessive-compulsive disorder revealed by voxel-based morphometry
Behavioral modeling and neuroimaging of impaired risky decision making in patients with chronic musculoskeletal pain
The role of the left ventral occipitotemporal cortex in speech processing—The influence of visual deprivation
Validation of real-time fMRI neurofeedback procedure for cognitive training using counterbalanced active-sham study design
Aberrant Brain Activity at Early Delay Stage Post-radiotherapy as a Biomarker for Predicting Neurocognitive Dysfunction Late-Delayed in Patients With Nasopharyngeal Carcinoma
Striatal BOLD Response Reflects the Impact of Herd Information on Financial Decisions
Neural correlates of inhibitory control in the context of infant cry and paternal postpartum mental health.
Language and Visual Perception Associations: Meta-Analytic Connectivity Modeling of Brodmann Area 37
"Altered Behavioral and Autonomic Pain Responses in Alzheimer’s Disease Are Associated with Dysfunctional Affective, Self-Reflective and Salience Network Resting-State Connectivity"
Changes in neural responses during affective and non-affective tasks and improvement of posttraumatic stress disorder symptoms following trauma-focused psychotherapy
fMRI of Retina-Originated Phosphenes Experienced by Patients with Leber Congenital Amaurosis
Neural correlates of affective task switching and asymmetric affective task switching costs
Neural bases of self‐ and object‐motion in a naturalistic vision
"Is neuroticism really bad for you? Dynamics in personality and limbic reactivity prior to, during and following real-life combat stress"
Effects of carbamazepine and lamotrigine on functional magnetic resonance imaging cognitive networks
APOE ɛ4 constrains engagement of encoding-related compensatory networks in amnestic mild cognitive impairment.
The Dorsal Attention Network Reflects Both Encoding Load and Top-down Control during Working Memory.
The Structural Neural Substrates of Persistent Negative Symptoms in First-Episode of Non-Affective Psychosis: A Voxel-Based Morphometry Study
Neural and Behavioral Correlates of Sacred Values and Vulnerability to Violent Extremism
White matter microstructural differences underlying beta oscillations during speech in adults who stutter.
Perceiving active listening activates the reward system and improves the impression of relevant experiences
A voxel-based morphometric study to determine individual differences in gray matter density associated with age and cognitive change over time.
Is Social Phobia a “Mis-Communication” Disorder? Brain Functional Connectivity during Face Perception Differs between Patients with Social Phobia and Healthy Control Subjects
Topological Reorganization of the Default Mode Network in Severe Male Obstructive Sleep Apnea
"Decreased Intrinsic Functional Connectivity in First-Episode, Drug-Naive Adolescents With Generalized Anxiety Disorder"
The insula modulates the effects of aerobic training on cardiovascular function and ambulation in multiple sclerosis
Coherent activity between brain regions that code for value is linked to the malleability of human behavior
Assessment of cortical reorganization and preserved function in phantom limb pain: a methodological perspective
"Behavioral and Neuroimaging Evidence for Facial Emotion Recognition in Elderly Korean Adults with Mild Cognitive Impairment, Alzheimer’s Disease, and Frontotemporal Dementia"
BPI-GNN: Interpretable brain network-based psychiatric diagnosis and subtyping.
The neural basis of auditory temporal discrimination in girls with fragile X syndrome
Structural Neural Correlates of Double Decision Performance in Older Adults
Childhood maltreatment results in altered deactivation of reward processing circuits in depressed patients: A functional magnetic resonance imaging study of a facial emotion recognition task
Cortical Surface Thickness in the Middle-Aged Brain with White Matter Hyperintense Lesions
Pre-COVID resting-state brain activity in the fusiform gyrus prospectively predicts social anxiety alterations during the pandemic.
"Neural correlates of theory of mind in typically-developing youth: Influence of sex, age and callous-unemotional traits"
Funny or Angry? Neural Correlates of Individual Differences in Aggressive Humor Processing
"Effects of the α₂-adrenergic receptor agonist dexmedetomidine on neural, vascular and BOLD fMRI responses in the somatosensory cortex."
How the effects of actions become our own
Virtual Reality–Based Psychotherapy in Social Anxiety Disorder: fMRI Study Using a Self-Referential Task
Levodopa Changes Functional Connectivity Patterns in Subregions of the Primary Motor Cortex in Patients With Parkinson’s Disease
"Aging brain shows joint declines in brain within-network connectivity and between-network connectivity: a large-sample study (N > 6,000)"
The influence of the precuneus on the medial temporal cortex determines the subjective quality of memory during the retrieval of naturalistic episodes
Misophonia is associated with altered brain activity in the auditory cortex and salience network
Higher Brain Perfusion May Not Support Memory Functions in Cognitively Normal Carriers of the ApoE ε4 Allele Compared to Non-Carriers
Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus May Exacerbate Gray Matter Atrophy in Patients With Early-Onset Mild Cognitive Impairment
Phonological and syntactic competition effects in spoken word recognition: evidence from corpus-based statistics
Functional Connectivity within the Frontal–Striatal Network Differentiates Checkers from Washers of Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder
Cause or effect: Altered brain and network activity in cervical dystonia is partially normalized by botulinum toxin treatment
A genome-wide association study in autoimmune neurological syndromes with anti-GAD65 autoantibodies
Identification and adjustment of experimental occlusal interference using functional magnetic resonance imaging
“Hearing faces and seeing voices”: Amodal coding of person identity in the human brain
Brain Functional Connectivity Is Different during Voluntary Concentric and Eccentric Muscle Contraction
The significance of structural rich club hubs for the processing of hierarchical stimuli
Cytoarchitecture of the mouse brain by high resolution diffusion magnetic resonance imaging.
Abnormal distraction and load‐specific connectivity during working memory in cognitively normal Parkinson's disease
Linking temporal-parietal junction to internet addiction tendency: Moderating effect of critical thinking
Lateral parietal contributions to memory impairment in posterior cortical atrophy
Attachment status is associated with grey matter recovery in adolescent anorexia nervosa: Findings from a longitudinal study
Sex Differences in Neural Responses to the Perception of Social Interactions
Basal ganglia stroke is associated with altered functional connectivity of the left inferior temporal gyrus.
Referred cramping phantom hand pain elicited in the face and eliminated by peripheral nerve block.
Auditory rhythm discrimination in adults who stutter: An fMRI study.
Effects of Ketamine on Brain Activity During Emotional Processing: Differential Findings in Depressed Versus Healthy Control Participants.
Altered Local Spontaneous Brain Activity in Juvenile Myoclonic Epilepsy: A Preliminary Resting-State fMRI Study
Predictive processing account of action perception: Evidence from effective connectivity in the action observation network.
Masking effects on subjective annoyance to aircraft flyover noise: An fMRI study
Pruning or tuning? Maturational profiles of face specialization during typical development
Music practice is associated with development of working memory during childhood and adolescence
Bilateral activations in operculo-insular area show temporal dissociation after peripheral electrical stimulation in healthy adults.
Dynamic involvement of premotor and supplementary motor areas in bimanual pinch force control.
Dorsal and ventral visual stream contributions to preserved reading ability in patients with central alexia.
Looming sensitive cortical regions without V1 input: evidence from a patient with bilateral cortical blindness
Insufficient task-outcome association promotes task procrastination through a decrease of hippocampal-striatal interaction.
Altered Spontaneous Brain Activity in Cortical and Subcortical Regions in Parkinson's Disease
Correlation Between Thalamus-Related Functional Connectivity and Serum BDNF Levels During the Periovulatory Phase of Primary Dysmenorrhea
The Impact of Spatial Frequency on the Perception of Crowd Emotion: An fMRI Study
Connectivity dynamics from wakefulness to sleep.
A comparison of functional MRI and magnetoencephalography for receptive language mapping.
Brain gray matter abnormalities in progressive supranuclear palsy revisited
MRI-Based Multimodal Approach to the Assessment of Clinical Symptom Severity of Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder
The dissociation between command following and communication in disorders of consciousness: an fMRI study in healthy subjects
Two Forms of Knowledge Representations in the Human Brain.
Cognitive fatigue and cortical-striatal network in old age
Changes in Cortical Activity in Stroke Survivors Undergoing Botulinum Neurotoxin Therapy for Treatment of Focal Spasticity
Praising others differently: neuroanatomical correlates to individual differences in trait gratitude and elevation
Changes in Cortical Coherence Supporting Complex Visual and Social Processing in Adolescence.
Microstructural white matter alterations in preclinical Alzheimer’s disease detected using free water elimination diffusion tensor imaging
Morphology of the criminal brain: gray matter reductions are linked to antisocial behavior in offenders
Mental rotation of sequentially presented 3D figures: sex and sex hormones related differences in behavioural and ERP measures
Altered white matter microstructure underlies listening difficulties in children suspected of auditory processing disorders: a DTI study
The posterior parietal cortex contributes to visuomotor processing for saccades in blindsight macaques
Adolescent development of the neural circuitry for thinking about intentions
The nature and time-course of medial temporal lobe contributions to semantic retrieval: an fMRI study on verbal fluency.
Mutation Carriers with Reduced C-Afferent Density Reveal Cortical Dynamics of Pain–Action Relationship during Acute Pain
Altered Resting-State Connectivity with Pain-Related Expectation Regions in Female Patients with Severe Knee Osteoarthritis
Can the Neural Basis of Repression Be Studied in the MRI Scanner? New Insights from Two Free Association Paradigms
Abnormal regional homogeneity and amplitude of low frequency fluctuation in chronic kidney patients with and without dialysis
Neural responses to others’ pain vary with psychopathic traits in healthy adult males
A hemodynamic correlate of lateralized visual short-term memories.
Iron content affects age group differences in associative learning-related fMRI activity.
"Shorter term aerobic exercise improves brain, cognition, and cardiovascular fitness in aging"
Lithium and GSK-3β promoter gene variants influence cortical gray matter volumes in bipolar disorder.
Sequencing Biological and Physical Events Affects Specific Frequency Bands within the Human Premotor Cortex: An Intracerebral EEG Study
Stuttering and gray matter morphometry: A population-based neuroimaging study in young children.
Altered functional connectivity density in patients with herpes zoster and postherpetic neuralgia
Neural correlates of reversal learning in frontotemporal dementia.
The differential processing of verbal jokes by neural substrates in indigenous and Han Chinese populations: An fMRI study.
Attention and Capacity Limits in Perception: A Cellular Metabolism Account
Discriminating Formal Representations of Risk in Anterior Cingulate Cortex and Inferior Frontal Gyrus
Test–retest of a phoria adaptation stimulus-induced functional MRI experiment
Multivariate Identification of Functional Neural Networks Underpinning Humorous Movie Viewing
Dissecting social interaction: dual-fMRI reveals patterns of interpersonal brain-behavior relationships that dissociate among dimensions of social exchange
Abnormal Brain Glucose Metabolism in Papillary Thyroid Cancer Patients 4 Weeks After Withdrawal of Levothyroxine: A Cross-Sectional Study Using 18F-FDG PET/CT
What is the difference between irony and sarcasm? An fMRI study.
Changes in resting-state measures of prostate cancer patients exposed to androgen deprivation therapy
Hyperconnectivity and High Temporal Variability of the Primary Somatosensory Cortex in Low-Back-Related Leg Pain: An fMRI Study of Static and Dynamic Functional Connectivity
Overlapping but separate number representations in the intraparietal sulcus-Probing format- and modality-independence in sighted Braille readers.
Association of Lesion Location With Long-Term Recovery in Post-stroke Aphasia and Language Deficits
Action and semantic tool knowledge - Effective connectivity in the underlying neural networks.
Differences in frontal and limbic brain activation in a small sample of monozygotic twin pairs discordant for severe stressful life events
Association of right precuneus compression with apathy in idiopathic normal pressure hydrocephalus: a pilot study
Alteration in the Functional Organization of the Default Mode Network Following Closed Non-severe Traumatic Brain Injury
Cortical activation patterns to spatially presented pure tone stimuli with different intensities measured by functional near-infrared spectroscopy.
Action and object words are differentially anchored in the sensory motor system - A perspective on cognitive embodiment
Ventral intermediate nucleus structural connectivity-derived segmentation: anatomical reliability and variability.
Genetic influences on central and peripheral nervous system activity during fear conditioning
Parcellation‐based anatomic modeling of the default mode network
Effects of acute levodopa challenge on resting cerebral blood flow in Parkinson’s Disease patients assessed using pseudo-continuous arterial spin labeling
Differential Relationships Between Brain Structure and Dual Task Walking in Young and Older Adults
Default-mode and fronto-parietal network connectivity during rest distinguishes asymptomatic patients with bipolar disorder and major depressive disorder
The Resting Brain Sets Support-Giving in Motion: Dorsomedial Prefrontal Cortex Activity During Momentary Rest Primes Supportive Responding
Occupation-modulated language networks and its lateralization: A resting-state fMRI study of seafarers
Cerebral Blood Flow Changes in Multiple Sclerosis and Neuromyelitis Optica and Their Correlations With Clinical Disability
Alterations of Resting-State Locus Coeruleus Functional Connectivity After Transdermal Trigeminal Electrical Neuromodulation in Insomnia
Differential contributions of subregions of medial temporal lobe to memory system in amnestic mild cognitive impairment: insights from fMRI study
Down-Regulation of Tinnitus Negative Valence via Concurrent HD-tDCS and PEI Technique: A Pilot Study
Controlling striatal function via anterior frontal cortex stimulation
Decoding Spatial Memory Retrieval in Cubical Space Using fMRI Signals
Disrupted Brain Intrinsic Networks and Executive Dysfunction in Cirrhotic Patients without Overt Hepatic Encephalopathy
Hippocampal and striatal gray matter volume are associated with a smoking cessation treatment outcome: results of an exploratory voxel-based morphometric analysis.
Early Prefrontal Brain Responses to the Hedonic Quality of Emotional Words – A Simultaneous EEG and MEG Study
Professional chess expertise modulates whole brain functional connectivity pattern homogeneity and couplings.
Brain microstructural properties related to subjective well-being: diffusion tensor imaging analysis
Supraspinal nociceptive networks in neuropathic pain after spinal cord injury
One bad apple spoils the whole bushel: The neural basis of outlier processing.
Distinct Patterns of Brain Atrophy associated with Mild Behavioral Impairment in Cognitively Normal Elderly Adults
"A Neural Mechanism of Strategic Social Choice under Sanction-Induced Norm Compliance1,2,3"
Regional impairment of intrinsic functional connectivity strength in patients with chronic primary insomnia
Alterations of Sub-cortical Gray Matter Volume and Their Associations With Disease Duration in Patients With Restless Legs Syndrome
Cross-sectional and longitudinal voxel-based grey matter asymmetries in Huntington's disease
Focusing Narrowly or Broadly Attention When Judging Categorical and Coordinate Spatial Relations: A MEG Study
Structural and functional footprint of visual snow syndrome
Modality-specific dysfunctional neural processing of social-abstract and non-social-concrete information in schizophrenia
Resting-State Functional Connectivity Characteristics of Resilience to Traumatic Stress in Dutch Police Officers
Altered dynamic functional architecture in type 2 diabetes mellitus
Weight Status Modulated Brain Regional Homogeneity in Long-Term Male Smokers
Emerging atypicalities in functional connectivity of language-related networks in young infants at high familial risk for ASD
Changed functional connectivity at rest in functional illiterates after extensive literacy training
The Modulatory Role of Cortisol in the Regulation of Sexual Behavior in Young Males
Enhancing ventrolateral prefrontal cortex activation mitigates social pain and modifies subsequent social attitudes: Insights from TMS and fMRI.
A high-resolution study of hippocampal and medial temporal lobe correlates of spatial context and prospective overlapping route memory.
Task difficulty modulates age-related differences in functional connectivity during word production.
Anxiety may alter the role of fronto-striatal circuitry in adolescent risky decision-making.
The neuropsychological profiles and semantic-critical regions of right semantic dementia
FMRI correlates of olfactory processing in typically-developing school-aged children.
The Roots of Diversity: Below Ground Species Richness and Rooting Distributions in a Tropical Forest Revealed by DNA Barcodes and Inverse Modeling
TEAMwork: Testing Emotional Attunement and Mutuality During Parent-Adolescent fMRI
The Predictive Value of Dynamic Intrinsic Local Metrics in Transient Ischemic Attack
Prefrontal-amygdala emotion regulation and depression in multiple sclerosis
Variable activation in striatal subregions across components of a social influence task in young adult cannabis users
"Extrinsic functional connectivity of the default mode network in
crack-cocaine users"
Large-scale brain network associated with creative insight: combined voxel-based morphometry and resting-state functional connectivity analyses
Cerebral Activity Associated with Transient Sleep-Facilitated Reduction in Motor Memory Vulnerability to Interference
Exploring Feature Dimensions to Learn a New Policy in an Uninformed Reinforcement Learning Task
Cortical surface analysis for focal cortical dysplasia diagnosis by using PET images
A Dynamic Core Network and Global Efficiency in the Resting Human Brain.
Brain Perfusion Correlates of Apathy in Alzheimer's Disease
I know where you'll look: an fMRI study of oculomotor intention and a change of motor plan
Distinct roles for lateral and medial rostral prefrontal cortex in source monitoring of perceived and imagined events
fMRI reveals neural activity overlap between adult and infant pain
"Processing of linguistic deixis in people with schizophrenia, with and without auditory verbal hallucinations"
An Automated Flow for Directed Evolution Based on Detection of Promiscuous Scaffolds Using Spatial and Electrostatic Properties of Catalytic Residues
An fMRI study dissociating distance measures computed by Broca's area in movement processing: clause boundary vs. identity
Stuck in a negative me: fMRI study on the role of disturbed self-views in social feedback processing in borderline personality disorder
Bupropion increases activation in nucleus accumbens during anticipation of monetary reward.
Different patterns of white matter changes after successful surgery of mesial temporal lobe epilepsy
"Divergent interpersonal neural synchronization patterns in the first, second language and interlingual communication"
Early Warning Value of ASL-MRI to Estimate Premorbid Variations in Patients With Early Postoperative Cognitive Dysfunctions
Association between migraine frequency and neural response to emotional faces: An fMRI study
Hippocampus long‐axis specialization throughout development: A meta‐analysis
Investigation on the Effect of Oral Breathing on Cognitive Activity Using Functional Brain Imaging
Abacus Training Modulates the Neural Correlates of Exact and Approximate Calculations in Chinese Children: An fMRI Study
A taste for words and sounds: a case of lexical-gustatory and sound-gustatory synesthesia
The vocal side of empathy: neural correlates of pain perception in spoken complaints
Open monitoring meditation reduces the involvement of brain regions related to memory function
Physiological and neural correlates of worry and rumination: Support for the contrast avoidance model of worry.
The rTPJ’s overarching cognitive function in networks for attention and theory of mind
Yoga Meditation Practitioners Exhibit Greater Gray Matter Volume and Fewer Reported Cognitive Failures: Results of a Preliminary Voxel-Based Morphometric Analysis
Neural Evidence of Cross-domain Structural Interaction between Language and Arithmetic
Frontal White Matter Integrity as an Endophenotype for Schizophrenia: Diffusion Tensor Imaging in Monozygotic Twins and Patients’ Nonpsychotic Relatives
Do you feel alright? Attenuated neural processing of aversive interoceptive stimuli in current stimulant users.
The body mass index is associated with increased temporal variability of functional connectivity in brain reward system
Genotypic effects of APOE-ε4 on resting-state connectivity in cognitively intact individuals support functional brain compensation
Spontaneous functional changes in specific cerebral regions in patients with hypertensive retinopathy: a resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Effect of task difficulty on blood-oxygen-level-dependent signal: A functional magnetic resonance imaging study in a motion discrimination task
A universal reading network and its modulation by writing system and reading ability in French and Chinese children
Differential processing of intrinsic vs. extrinsic coordinates in wrist movement: connectivity and chronometry perspectives
The altered spontaneous neural activity in patients with Parkinson's disease and its predictive value for the motor improvement of deep brain stimulation
"Brain Abnormalities in Individuals with a Desire for a Healthy Limb Amputation: Somatosensory, Motoric or Both? A Task-Based fMRI Verdict"
The hand motor hotspot for seed-based functional connectivity of hand motor networks at rest
Is It Speech or Song? Effect of Melody Priming on Pitch Perception of Modified Mandarin Speech
Neural correlates of fluctuations in the intermediate band for heart rate and respiration are related to interoceptive perception.
Functional Connectivity Within the Executive Control Network Mediates the Effects of Long-Term Tai Chi Exercise on Elders’ Emotion Regulation
Altered corticostriatal pathway in first-episode paranoid schizophrenia: Resting-state functional and causal connectivity analyses.
Cerebral responses to innocuous somatic pressure stimulation following aerobic exercise rehabilitation in chronic pain patients: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Assessing robustness against potential publication bias in Activation Likelihood Estimation (ALE) meta-analyses for fMRI
Acute oxytocin effects in inferring others’ beliefs and social emotions in people at clinical high risk for psychosis
Sensory integration in interoception: Interplay between top-down and bottom-up processing.
Which brain lesions produce spasticity? An observational study on 45 stroke patients
"State rumination predicts inhibitory control failures and dysregulation of default, salience, and cognitive control networks in youth at risk of depressive relapse: Findings from the RuMeChange trial"
Frequency-Specific Changes of Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuations in Patients with Acute Basal Ganglia Ischemic Stroke
Positive and negative reinforcement activate human auditory cortex
Neural Correlates of Lyrical Improvisation: An fMRI Study of Freestyle Rap
Maternal Cortisol Concentrations During Pregnancy and Sex-Specific Associations With Neonatal Amygdala Connectivity and Emerging Internalizing Behaviors.
Signatures of brain plasticity supporting language recovery after perinatal arterial ischemic stroke.
Voxel-Wise Analysis of Structural and Functional MRI for Lateralization of Handedness in College Students
Neural Substrate of Initiation of Cross-Modal Working Memory Retrieval
Hemicerebellitis can drive handedness shift
Altered Global Synchronizations in Patients With Parkinson’s Disease: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Neural Dysconnectivity in the Hippocampus Correlates With White Matter Lesions and Cognitive Measures in Patients With Coronary Artery Disease
Resting state functional connectivity and neural correlates of face-name encoding in patients with ischemic vascular lesions with and without the involvement of the left inferior frontal gyrus.
Brain morphometric changes in fibromyalgia and the impact of psychometric and clinical factors: a volumetric and diffusion-tensor imaging study
Weaker Inter-hemispheric and Local Functional Connectivity of the Somatomotor Cortex During a Motor Skill Acquisition Is Associated With Better Learning
Performing a vibrotactile discrimination task modulates finger representations in primary somatosensory cortex
Brain white matter integrity and association with age at onset in pediatric obsessive-compulsive disorder
The neural correlates of trustworthiness evaluations of faces and brands: Implications for behavioral and consumer neuroscience.
"Emotional Intelligence Not Only Can Make Us Feel Negative, but Can Provide Cognitive Resources to Regulate It Effectively: An fMRI Study"
Altered Spontaneous Brain Activity in Left-Behind Children: A Resting-State Functional MRI Study
Is avolition in schizophrenia associated with a deficit of dorsal caudate activity? A functional magnetic resonance imaging study during reward anticipation and feedback
Differential effects of parent and peer presence on neural correlates of risk taking in adolescence
Visual fatigue caused by watching 3DTV: an fMRI study
Response inhibition during processing of sexual stimuli in males with problematic hypersexual behavior
Differentiating the functional contributions of resting connectivity networks to memory decision-making: fMRI support for multistage control processes.
Change in Functional Brain Activation Patterns Induced by Olfactory Stimulation in Multiple Sclerosis
"Reported maternal childhood maltreatment experiences, amygdala activation and functional connectivity to infant cry"
Neural Predictors of 12-Month Weight Loss Outcomes Following Bariatric Surgery
"Relationships between brain metabolite levels, functional connectivity, and negative mood in urologic chronic pelvic pain syndrome patients compared to controls: A MAPP research network study"
Improving the Sensitivity of Task-Related Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Data Using Generalized Canonical Correlation Analysis
Neuroimaging Study Investigating the Supraspinal Control of Lower Urinary Tract Function in Man With Orthotopic Ileal Neobladder
Dopaminergic and Metabolic Correlations With Cognitive Domains in Non-demented Parkinson’s Disease
Shaping the Sensory–Motor Network by Short-Term Unresolvable Sensory–Motor Mismatch
A multimodal MRI study of functional and structural changes in concomitant exotropia
The positive effects of Xueshuan Xinmai tablets on brain functional connectivity in acute ischemic stroke: a placebo controlled randomized trial
Egomotion-related visual areas respond to active leg movements.
An association between human hippocampal volume and topographical memory in healthy young adults
Specificity of regional brain activity in anxiety types during emotion processing.
Adjunctive cognitive training with exposure enhances fear and neural outcomes in social anxiety.
Effects of rTMS Intervention on Functional Neuroimaging Activities in Adolescents with Major Depressive Disorder Measured Using Resting-State fMRI
Free-Water Imaging in White and Gray Matter in Parkinson’s Disease
A Meta-Analytic Study of the Neural Systems for Auditory Processing of Lexical Tones
Neural circuits in the brain that are activated when mitigating criminal sentences
Effects of non-modifiable risk factors of Alzheimer’s disease on intracortical myelin content
Alterations of Brain Functional Architecture Associated with Psychopathic Traits in Male Adolescents with Conduct Disorder
Neural substrates of amodal and modality-specific semantic processing within the temporal lobe: A lesion-behavior mapping study of semantic dementia.
Altered intrinsic brain activities in patients with acute eye pain using amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation: a resting-state fMRI study
Structural and functional abnormalities of vision-related brain regions in cirrhotic patients: a MRI study
Altered isotropic volume fraction in gray matter after sleep deprivation and its association with visuospatial memory: A neurite orientation dispersion and density imaging study
An ecological approach to identify distinct neural correlates of disinhibition in frontotemporal dementia
Differences in the neural networks of thermal sensation with and without evaluation process
Progressive Levels of Physical Dependence to Tobacco Coincide with Changes in the Anterior Cingulum Bundle Microstructure
Recovery of resting brain connectivity ensuing mild traumatic brain injury
Comparison between brain CT and MRI for voxel-based morphometry of Alzheimer's disease
"The effect of acute cocoa flavanol intake on the BOLD response and cognitive function in type 1 diabetes: a randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blinded cross-over pilot study."
The Effects of Acupuncture at Real or Sham Acupoints on the Intrinsic Brain Activity in Mild Cognitive Impairment Patients
Women’s Brain Health: Midlife Ovarian Removal Affects Associative Memory
Considering Hemispheric Specialization in Emotional Face Processing: An Eye Tracking Study in Left- and Right-Lateralised Semantic Dementia
Neural Substrates for Semantic Memory of Familiar Songs: Is There an Interface between Lyrics and Melodies?
When gut feelings teach the brain to fear pain: Context-dependent activation of the central fear network in a novel interoceptive conditioning paradigm.
Disrupted functional connectivity between sub-regions in the sensorimotor areas and cortex in migraine without aura
The Indirect Effect of Age Group on Switch Costs via Gray Matter Volume and Task-Related Brain Activity
Regional Brain Activity During Rest and Gastric Water Load in Subtypes of Functional Dyspepsia: A Preliminary Brain Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Head-Down-Tilt Bed Rest With Elevated CO2: Effects of a Pilot Spaceflight Analog on Neural Function and Performance During a Cognitive-Motor Dual Task
"O hand, where art thou? Mapping hand location across the visual field during common activities"
Mapping brain structure and function in professional fencers: A model to study training effects on central nervous system plasticity
Crossmodal Recruitment of the Ventral Visual Stream in Congenital Blindness
How Does Experience Modulate Auditory Spatial Processing in Individuals with Blindness?
Effective connectivity associated with auditory error detection in musicians with absolute pitch
Severity of olfactory deficits is reflected in functional brain networks-An fMRI study.
Changes in sensorimotor regions of the cerebral cortex in congenital amusia: a case-control study
Altered hippocampal volume and functional connectivity in patients with Cushing's disease
Ripples on spikes show increased phase-amplitude coupling in mesial temporal lobe epilepsy seizure-onset zones.
Neural bases of enhanced attentional control: Lessons from action video game players
Sequential Activation of Human Oculomotor Centers During Planning of Visually-Guided Eye Movements: A Combined fMRI-MEG Study
Exploration of Functional Connectivity Changes Previously Reported in Fibromyalgia and Their Relation to Psychological Distress and Pain Measures
Obsessive-compulsive disorder is a heterogeneous disorder: evidence from diffusion tensor imaging and magnetization transfer imaging
"Impairments in Brain Perfusion, Metabolites, Functional Connectivity, and Cognition in Severe Asymptomatic Carotid Stenosis Patients: An Integrated MRI Study"
"Variability in Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging: The Effect of Body Mass, Blood Pressure, Hematocrit, and Glycated Hemoglobin on Hemodynamic and Neuronal Parameters"
Towards characterizing the regional cerebral perfusion in evaluating the severity of major depression disorder with SPECT/CT
Diffusion tensor imaging evidence of white matter disruption associated with loss versus alteration of consciousness in warfighters exposed to combat in Operations Enduring and Iraqi Freedom.
Irritability Is Associated With Decreased Cortical Surface Area and Anxiety With Decreased Gyrification During Brain Development
"Structural and functional brain abnormalities in drug-naive, first-episode, and chronic patients with schizophrenia: a multimodal MRI study"
Distinct Role of Striatal Functional Connectivity and Dopaminergic Loss in Parkinson’s Symptoms
Quantitative Identification of Functional Connectivity Disturbances in Neuropsychiatric Lupus Based on Resting-State fMRI: A Robust Machine Learning Approach
The neural dynamics of competition resolution for language production in the prefrontal cortex.
"Component Neural Systems for the Creation of Emotional Memories during Free Viewing of a Complex, Real-World Event"
Altered Functional Connectivity of Temporoparietal Lobe in Obstructive Sleep Apnea: A Resting-State fNIRS Study
Forever Young(er): potential age-defying effects of long-term meditation on gray matter atrophy
Structural and functional activities of brain in patients with vascular cognitive impairment: A case-controlled magnetic resonance imaging study
Neural effects of deep brain stimulation on reward and loss anticipation and food viewing in anorexia nervosa: a pilot study
"Beyond visual integration: sensitivity of the temporal-parietal junction for objects, places, and faces"
The effect of future time perspective on procrastination: the role of parahippocampal gyrus and ventromedial prefrontal cortex.
MRI Correlates of Parkinson's Disease Progression: A Voxel Based Morphometry Study
Neural responses to intention and benefit appraisal are critical in distinguishing gratitude and joy
Gender Differences in Cognitive Control: an Extended Investigation of the Stop Signal Task
Nonconscious formation and reactivation of semantic associations by way of the medial temporal lobe.
Altered Whole-Brain Structural Covariance of the Hippocampal Subfields in Subcortical Vascular Mild Cognitive Impairment and Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment Patients
The Association Between Eye Movements and Cerebellar Activation in a Verbal Working Memory Task.
Independent Contributions of Dorsolateral Prefrontal Structure and Function to Working Memory in Healthy Older Adults.
Altered Functional Connectivity Density in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus with and without Mild Cognitive Impairment
Increased Functional Connectivity Involving the Parahippocampal Gyrus in Patients with Schizophrenia during Theory of Mind Processing: A Psychophysiological Interaction Study
Face processing and efficient recognition of facial expressions are impaired following right but not left anteromedial temporal lobe resections: Behavioral and fMRI evidence.
Strategic control of location and ordinal context in visual working memory.
Beyond Sharing Unpleasant Affect—Evidence for Pain-Specific Opioidergic Modulation of Empathy for Pain
Functional Connectivity of the Corpus Callosum in Epilepsy Patients with Secondarily Generalized Seizures
Both the middle temporal gyrus and the ventral anterior temporal area are crucial for multimodal semantic processing: distortion-corrected fMRI evidence for a double gradient of information convergence in the temporal lobes.
Motor experience modulates neural processing of lexical action language: Evidence from rugby players.
Local Diffusion Homogeneity Provides Supplementary Information in T2DM-Related WM Microstructural Abnormality Detection
Stochastic Resonance Modulates Neural Synchronization within and between Cortical Sources
Volumetric Deficit Within the Fronto-Limbic-Striatal Circuit in First-Episode Drug Naïve Patients With Major Depression Disorder
Delta-9-tetrahydrocannabinol reduces the performance in sensory delayed discrimination tasks. A pharmacological-fMRI study in healthy volunteers
Egocentric distance perception in older adults: Results from a functional magnetic resonance imaging and driving simulator study
Positive alcohol expectancy and resting-state functional connectivity of the insula in problem drinking.
Controlled processing during sequencing
Impact of stereotype threat on brain activity during memory tasks in older adults
Regional default mode network connectivity in major depressive disorder: modulation by acute intravenous citalopram
Resting-state functional connectivity of subcortical locomotor centers explains variance in walking capacity.
Brain Responses to Acupuncture Are Probably Dependent on the Brain Functional Status
Resting State Functional Connectivity of the Thalamus in North Korean Refugees with and without Posttraumatic Stress Disorder
Word Structure Tunes Electrophysiological and Hemodynamic Responses in the Frontal Cortex
How Extended Is Wernicke's Area? Meta-Analytic Connectivity Study of BA20 and Integrative Proposal
Abnormal white matter integrity during pain-free periovulation is associated with pain intensity in primary dysmenorrhea.
Dynamic Properties of Human Default Mode Network in Eyes-Closed and Eyes-Open.
The Incidence of Molluscum contagiosum among American Indians and Alaska Natives
Sensory prediction errors in the human midbrain signal identity violations independent of perceptual distance
Neural mechanisms underlying touch-induced visual perceptual suppression: An fMRI study
Enhanced Prefrontal Regional Homogeneity and Its Correlations With Cognitive Dysfunction/Psychopathology in Patients With First-Diagnosed and Drug-Naive Schizophrenia
Visual Selective Attention P300 Source in Frontal-Parietal Lobe: ERP and fMRI Study.
Disruption of superficial white matter in the emotion regulation network in bipolar disorder
Distinct parallel activation and interaction between dorsal and ventral pathways during phonological and semantic processing: A cTBS‐fMRI study
A study on the association between prefrontal functional connectivity and non-suicidal self-injury in adolescents with depression
Abnormalities of white matter microstructure in unmedicated patients with obsessive–compulsive disorder: Changes after cognitive behavioral therapy
Aberrant resting-state functional connectivity of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex to the anterior insula and its association with fear avoidance belief in chronic neck pain patients
Brain Activations and Functional Connectivity Patterns Associated with Insight-Based and Analytical Anagram Solving
Investigating Gray and White Matter Structural Substrates of Sex Differences in the Narrative Abilities of Healthy Adults
Neural substrates of successful working memory and long-term memory formation in a relational spatial memory task
Multidelay multiparametric arterial spin labeling perfusion MRI and mild cognitive impairment in early stage Parkinson's disease.
White Matter Microstructural Differences between Hallucinating and Non-Hallucinating Schizophrenia Spectrum Patients
"Functional changes of the prefrontal cortex, insula, caudate and associated cognitive impairment (chemobrain) in NSCLC patients receiving different chemotherapy regimen"
How Are ‘Barack Obama’ and ‘President Elect’ Differentially Stored in the Brain? An ERP Investigation on the Processing of Proper and Common Noun Pairs
Reduced intrinsic neural timescales in schizophrenia along posterior parietal and occipital areas
Brain Plasticity Can Predict the Cochlear Implant Outcome in Adult-Onset Deafness
Activation of sensory-motor areas in sentence comprehension.
Pubertal development underlies optimization of inhibitory control through specialization of ventrolateral prefrontal cortex
Age and hippocampal volume predict distinct parts of default mode network activity
Deep recurrent model for individualized prediction of Alzheimer's disease progression.
Progressive Bidirectional Age-Related Changes in Default Mode Network Effective Connectivity across Six Decades
Medical education and distrust modulate the response of insular-cingulate network and ventral striatum in pain diagnosis
Abnormal Spontaneous Brain Activity in Left-Onset Parkinson Disease: A Resting-State Functional MRI Study
Altered basal ganglia infraslow oscillation and resting functional connectivity in complex regional pain syndrome
Locating neural transfer effects of n-back training on the central executive: a longitudinal fMRI study
Preliminary Evidence of Improvement in Adolescent and Young Adult Cancer Survivors’ Brain Health Following Physical Activity: A Proof-of-Concept Sub-Study
Effect of regional intrinsic activity following two kinds of theta burst stimulation on precuneus
Cerebellar Structure and Cognitive Ability in Psychosis.
"The contralateral effects of anticipated stimuli on brain activity measured by ERP and fMRI
"
Common Sense in Choice: The Effect of Sensory Modality on Neural Value Representations
Sex Differences in Gray Matter Volume of the Right Anterior Hippocampus Explain Sex Differences in Three-Dimensional Mental Rotation
The Insular Subregions Topological Characteristics of Patients With Bipolar Depressive Disorder
Neural mechanisms of predicting individual preferences based on group membership
Change in neural response during emotion regulation is associated with symptom reduction in cognitive behavioral therapy for anxiety disorders.
Cognitive Modeling Informs Interpretation of Go/No-Go Task-Related Neural Activations and Their Links to Externalizing Psychopathology.
Decreased frontal regulation during pain anticipation in unmedicated subjects with major depressive disorder
Altered regional homogeneity of spontaneous brain activity in idiopathic trigeminal neuralgia
Aberrant Resting-State Functional Brain Connectivity of Insular Subregions in Obstructive Sleep Apnea
Ex vivo MRI transverse relaxation in community based older persons with and without Alzheimer's dementia.
Distinct neural signatures of schizotypy and psychopathy during visual word‐nonword recognition
Alteration of Brain Structure With Long-Term Abstinence of Methamphetamine by Voxel-Based Morphometry
Structural Covariance Changes of Anterior and Posterior Hippocampus During Musical Training in Young Adults
Neural correlates of the sound facilitation effect in the modified Simon task in older adults
Effects of arterial cannulation stress on regional cerebral blood flow in major depressive disorder
Implicit learning of symmetry of human movement and gray matter density: Evidence against pure domain general and pure domain specific theories of implicit learning.
Entrepreneurial and parental love—are they the same?
Unforgettable Ultimatums? Expectation Violations Promote Enhanced Social Memory Following Economic Bargaining
Enhanced Global-Brain Functional Connectivity in the Left Superior Frontal Gyrus as a Possible Endophenotype for Schizophrenia
Default mode network activity and white matter integrity in healthy middle-aged ApoE4 carriers.
Spontaneous alterations of regional brain activity in patients with adult generalized anxiety disorder
The dorsomedial prefrontal cortex represents subjective value across effort-based and risky decision-making.
Exploring the link between functional connectivity of ventral tegmental area and physical fitness in schizophrenia and healthy controls.
Mapping the modulating effect of transcutaneous auricular vagus nerve stimulation on voxel-based analyses in patients with first-episode major depressive disorder: a resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Behavioural and neuroanatomical correlates of auditory speech analysis in primary progressive aphasias
Lateral prefrontal activity as a compensatory strategy for deficits of cortical processing in Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder
Brain Structural Bases of Tendency to Forgive: evidence from a young adults sample using voxel-based morphometry
An Effect of Chronic Negative Stress on Hippocampal Structures and Functional Connectivity in Patients with Depressive Disorder
Trait and state patterns of basolateral amygdala connectivity at rest are related to endogenous testosterone and aggression in healthy young women.
The Effects of rs405509 on APOEε4 Non-carriers in Non-demented Aging
Changes in working memory brain activity and task-based connectivity after long-duration spaceflight.
Neuroanatomical Alterations in Patients with Early Stage of Unilateral Pulsatile Tinnitus: A Voxel-Based Morphometry Study
"Evaluating the Specificity of Cognitive Control Deficits in Schizophrenia Using Antisaccades, Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging, and Healthy Individuals With Poor Cognitive Control"
Disorder-specific cingulo-opercular network hyperconnectivity in pediatric OCD relative to pediatric anxiety
A Voxel-Based Morphometric Study of Gray Matter in Specific Phobia
Altered Resting State Functional Activity of Brain Regions in Neovascular Glaucoma: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Misophonia: Analysis of the neuroanatomic patterns at the basis of psychiatric symptoms and changes of the orthosympathetic/ parasympathetic balance
Impairments in the Default Mode and Executive Networks in Methamphetamine Users During Short-Term Abstinence
Abnormal Spontaneous Neural Activity of the Central Auditory System Changes the Functional Connectivity in the Tinnitus Brain: A Resting-State Functional MRI Study
Source-based morphometry reveals gray matter differences related to suicidal behavior in criminal offenders.
Mapping structural covariance networks in children and adolescents with post-traumatic stress disorder after earthquake
"Characterizing the impact of adversity, abuse, and neglect on adolescent amygdala resting-state functional connectivity"
Neural Correlates of Post-Conventional Moral Reasoning: A Voxel-Based Morphometry Study
Self‐deception: Distorted metacognitive process in ambiguous contexts
Syntactic and Semantic Specialization and Integration in 5- to 6-Year-Old Children during Auditory Sentence Processing.
Sedation Modulates Frontotemporal Predictive Coding Circuits and the Double Surprise Acceleration Effect
Mapping psycholinguistic features to the neuropsychological and lesion profiles in aphasia.
A Metabolic Imaging Study of Lexical and Phonological Naming Errors in Alzheimer Disease
Down-regulated miR-16-2 in peripheral blood is positively correlated with decreased bilateral insula volume in patients with major depressive disorder.
Potential reward reduces the adverse impact of negative distractor stimuli
Abnormal Global Brain Functional Connectivity in Primary Insomnia Patients: A Resting-State Functional MRI Study
Controlled semantic summation correlates with intrinsic connectivity between default mode and control networks.
Weaving a story: Narrative formation over prolonged time scales engages social cognition and frontoparietal networks.
Sensing and seeing associated with overlapping occipitoparietal activation in simultaneous EEG-fMRI
Intelligence is associated with the modular structure of intrinsic brain networks
"Sonication of the anterior thalamus with MRI-Guided transcranial focused ultrasound (tFUS) alters pain thresholds in healthy adults: A double-blind, sham-controlled study"
Effects of rTMS Treatment on Cognitive Impairment and Resting-State Brain Activity in Stroke Patients: A Randomized Clinical Trial
The Associative Memory Deficit in Aging Is Related to Reduced Selectivity of Brain Activity during Encoding.
Human larynx motor cortices coordinate respiration for vocal-motor control.
Abnormal occipital and frontal activity during voluntary convergence in intermittent exotropia: A task-fMRI study
Longitudinal Changes in the Motor Learning-Related Brain Activation Response in Presymptomatic Huntington's Disease
Altered Cerebro-Cerebellar Effective Connectivity in New-Onset Juvenile Myoclonic Epilepsy
Inter-individual differences in pain anticipation and pain perception in migraine: Neural correlates of migraine frequency and cortisol-to-dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate (DHEA-S) ratio
"Temporal Lobe Epilepsy and Surgery Selectively Alter the Dorsal, Not the Ventral, Default-Mode Network"
Neural correlates of retrieval processing in the prefrontal cortex during recognition and exclusion tasks.
"Effects of baclofen on insular gain anticipation in alcohol-dependent patients — a randomized, placebo-controlled, pharmaco-fMRI pilot trial"
A feasibility study exploring the role of pre-operative assessment when examining the mechanism of ‘chemo-brain’ in breast cancer patients
Early recovery of interhemispheric functional connectivity after corpus callosotomy.
"RIPPLELAB: A Comprehensive Application for the Detection, Analysis and Classification of High Frequency Oscillations in Electroencephalographic Signals"
The Resting-State Brain Network Functional Connectivity Changes in Patients With Acute Thyrotoxic Myopathy Based on Independent Component Analysis
A predictive coding account of bistable perception - a model-based fMRI study
Reduced Regional Grey Matter Volumes in Pediatric Obstructive Sleep Apnea
Gravity Cues Embedded in the Kinematics of Human Motion Are Detected in Form-from-Motion Areas of the Visual System and in Motor-Related Areas
Neural mechanisms of language learning from social contexts.
Expected value and sensitivity to punishment modulate insular cortex activity during risky decision making
The Role of Corpus Callosum Development in Functional Connectivity and Cognitive Processing
The Central Inflammatory Network: A Hypothalamic fMRI Study of Experimental Endotoxemia in Humans
A direct test of competitive versus cooperative episodic-procedural network dynamics in human memory.
The Prognosis of Allocentric and Egocentric Neglect: Evidence from Clinical Scans
Altered functional connectivity strength in informant-reported subjective cognitive decline: A resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Diffusion tensor imaging differences relate to memory deficits in diffuse traumatic brain injury
Metacognition and the effect of incentive motivation in two compulsive disorders: Gambling disorder and obsessive–compulsive disorder
Effects of Childhood Maltreatment on Social Cognition and Brain Functional Connectivity in Borderline Personality Disorder Patients
Altered Brain Function in Young HIV Patients with Syphilis Infection: A Voxel-Wise Degree Centrality Analysis
The role of arousal in the spontaneous regulation of emotions in healthy aging: a fMRI investigation
"Dissociating retrieval success from incidental encoding activity during emotional memory retrieval, in the medial temporal lobe"
Volumetric Brain Changes in Older Fallers: A Voxel-Based Morphometric Study
Brain Connectivity Patterns Dissociate Action of Specific Acupressure Treatments in Fatigued Breast Cancer Survivors
Detecting cognitive impairment at the early stages: The challenge of first line assessment.
Reduced brain activation in violent adolescents during response inhibition
Daily artificial gravity partially mitigates vestibular processing changes associated with head-down tilt bedrest
Social thinking is for doing: the posterior cerebellum supports predictions of social actions based on personality traits
Longitudinal brain structure changes in Parkinson’s disease: A replication study
The Basolateral Amygdalae and Frontotemporal Network Functions for Threat Perception
Imaging the pathoanatomy of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis in vivo: targeting a propagation-based biological marker
"Tapentadol and oxycodone affect resting-state functional brain connectivity: A randomized, placebo-controlled trial."
Neural activity and Connectivity are Related to Food Preference Changes Induced by Food Go/No-Go Training.
The effect of moderate acute psychological stress on working memory-related neural activity is modulated by a genetic variation in catecholaminergic function in humans
Meta-analytic evidence that mindfulness training alters resting state default mode network connectivity
Reflections of the sensory findings in the central nervous system in patients with neuropathic pain.
Rehearsal of tactile working memory: Premotor cortex recruits two dissociable neuronal content representations
Altered brain connectivity in Long Covid during cognitive exertion: a pilot study
Frequency-dependent alterations in functional connectivity in patients with Alzheimer’s Disease spectrum disorders
Differences in Cortical Representation and Structural Connectivity of Hands and Feet between Professional Handball Players and Ballet Dancers
Atrophy of amygdala and abnormal memory-related alpha oscillations over posterior cingulate predict conversion to Alzheimer’s disease
Frequency-Dependent Brain Regional Homogeneity Alterations in Patients with Mild Cognitive Impairment during Working Memory State Relative to Resting State
Altered brain entropy and functional connectivity patterns in generalized anxiety disorder patients.
Characterising neural plasticity at the single patient level using connectivity fingerprints
Neural mechanisms of deception in a social context: an fMRI replication study
Distance-dependent reconfiguration of hubs in Alzheimer’s disease: a cross-tissue functional network study
Increased Recruitment of Domain-General Neural Networks in Language Processing Following Intensive Language-Action Therapy: fMRI Evidence From People With Chronic Aphasia
Valence Encoding Signals in the Human Amygdala and the Willingness to Eat
Different effects of the DRD4 genotype on intrinsic brain network connectivity strength in drug-naïve children with ADHD and healthy controls
Understanding the association between psychomotor processing speed and white matter hyperintensity: A comprehensive multi‐modality MR imaging study
Attenuation of offset analgesia is associated with suppression of descending pain modulatory and reward systems in patients with chronic pain
Dissociable Electroencephalograph Correlates of Visual Awareness and Feature-Based Attention
Brain responses during strategic online gaming of varying proficiencies: Implications for better gaming
Central Projection of Pain Arising from Delayed Onset Muscle Soreness (DOMS) in Human Subjects
Aberrant functional hubs and related networks attributed to cognitive impairment in patients with anti‑N‑methyl‑D‑aspartate receptor encephalitis
"Sources of Phoneme Errors in Repetition: Perseverative, Neologistic, and Lesion Patterns in Jargon Aphasia"
Intrinsic Cerebro-Cerebellar Functional Connectivity Reveals the Function of Cerebellum VI in Reading-Related Skills
Longitudinal brain volumetric changes during one year in non-elderly healthy adults: a voxel-based morphometry study
Focal cortical dysplasia: a genotype-phenotype analysis of polymorphisms and mutations in the TSC genes.
The representation of mental state information in schizophrenia and first-degree relatives: a multivariate pattern analysis of fMRI data
Brain volumetric correlates of electroconvulsive therapy versus transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant depression.
Gender Differences of Brain Glucose Metabolic Networks Revealed by FDG-PET: Evidence from a Large Cohort of 400 Young Adults
Earlier alcohol use onset prospectively predicts changes in functional connectivity.
Neural processing of bottom-up perception of biological motion under attentional load.
Alterations of Regional Homogeneity in the Mild and Moderate Stages of Parkinson’s Disease
Altered Spontaneous Regional Brain Activity in the Insula and Visual Areas of Professional Traditional Chinese Pingju Opera Actors
Neural correlates of theory of mind in children and adults using CAToon: Introducing an open-source child-friendly neuroimaging task
Re-imaging the intentional stance
Adult attachment style moderates the effect of oxytocin on neural responses to infant emotional faces.
An fMRI investigation of expectation violation in magic tricks
Integrated metastate functional connectivity networks predict change in symptom severity in clinical high risk for psychosis
Cognitive control neuroimaging measures differentiate between those with and without future recurrence of depression
The nature of the self: Neural analyses and heritability estimates of self‐evaluations in middle childhood
Adult age-dependent differences in resting-state connectivity within and between visual-attention and sensorimotor networks
Evaluating Head Models for Cortical Source Localization of the Face-Sensitive N290 Component in Infants.
Reduced Dynamic Interactions Within Intrinsic Functional Brain Networks in Early Blind Patients
Altered neural substrates within cognitive networks of postpartum women during working memory process and resting-state
Frontostriatal Functional Connectivity Underlies the Association between Punishment Sensitivity and Procrastination
Research on Characteristic of Chronic Spontaneous Urticaria Based on Multiscale Entropy
White matter integrity in older females is altered by increased body fat
Connectomic Underpinnings of Working Memory Deficits in Schizophrenia: Evidence From a replication fMRI study.
Brain Activity During Landmark and Line Bisection Tasks
Anxious attachment is associated with heightened responsivity of a parietofrontal cortical network that monitors peri-personal space
Intrinsic functional connectivity in the default mode network predicts mnemonic discrimination: A connectome-based modeling approach.
Altered cerebral blood flow in patients with spinocerebellar degeneration
Effects of Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation Paired With Cognitive Training on Functional Connectivity of the Working Memory Network in Older Adults
Discrimination of dementia with Lewy bodies from Alzheimer’s disease using voxel-based morphometry of white matter by statistical parametric mapping 8 plus diffeomorphic anatomic registration through exponentiated Lie algebra
Cocaine Dependent Individuals and Gamblers Present Different Associative Learning Anomalies in Feedback-Driven Decision Making: A Behavioral and ERP Study
Exploring the role of empathy in prolonged grief reactions to bereavement
Modulation of network centrality and gray matter microstructure using multi‐session brain stimulation and memory training
Non-linear ICA Analysis of Resting-State fMRI in Mild Cognitive Impairment
Altruistic acting caused by a touching hand: neural underpinnings of the Midas touch effect
"Identifying Changes of Brain Regional Homogeneity and Cingulo-Opercular Network Connectivity in First-Episode, Drug-Naïve Depressive Patients With Suicidal Ideation"
"A naturalistic study of grey matter volume increase after early treatment in anti-psychotic naïve, newly diagnosed schizophrenia."
"Oral contraceptive use, especially during puberty, alters resting state functional connectivity."
Questioning the role of amygdala and insula in an attentional capture by emotional stimuli task
The CRUNCH model does not account for load-dependent changes in visuospatial working memory in older adults.
Abnormal prediction error processing in schizophrenia and depression
Magnetoencephalographic Correlates of Perceptual State During Auditory Bistability
Neural correlates of tactile simultaneity judgement: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Understanding the neurobiological basis of anhedonia in major depressive disorder — evidence for reduced neural activation during reward and loss processing
Structural Covariance Reveals Alterations in Control and Salience Network Integrity in Chronic Schizophrenia.
A frontoparietal network for volitional control of gaze following.
Comparison of Activation Patterns in Mirror Neurons and the Swallowing Network During Action Observation and Execution: A Task-Based fMRI Study
"Individual differences in fear acquisition: multivariate analyses of different emotional negativity scales, physiological responding, subjective measures, and neural activation"
Neuronal oscillations form parietal/frontal networks during contour integration
Are Frontal Cognitive and Atrophy Patterns Different in PSP and bvFTD? A Comparative Neuropsychological and VBM Study
Differences in brain aging between sexes in Parkinson’s disease
Cerebro-Cerebellar Pathways for Verbal Working Memory
Abnormal functional connectivity of the frontostriatal circuits in type 2 diabetes mellitus
The Predictive Values of Changes in Local and Remote Brain Functional Connectivity in Primary Angle-Closure Glaucoma Patients According to Support Vector Machine Analysis
Distributed Functional Connectome of White Matter in Patients With Functional Dyspepsia
Less Daily Computer Use is Related to Smaller Hippocampal Volumes in Cognitively Intact Elderly
Safety and Tolerability of SonoVue® in Patients with Large Artery Anterior Circulation Acute Stroke.
"Bacterial and Archaea Community Present in the Pine Barrens Forest of Long Island, NY: Unusually High Percentage of Ammonia Oxidizing Bacteria"
Serial Recall Order of Category Fluency Words: Exploring Its Neural Underpinnings
Default and executive networks’ roles in diverse adolescents’ emotionally engaged construals of complex social issues
"The effect of convolving word length, word frequency, function word predictability and first pass reading time in the analysis of a fixation-related fMRI dataset"
Diffusion tensor imaging reveals neuronal microstructural changes in myalgic encephalomyelitis/chronic fatigue syndrome
Estimated gray matter volume rapidly changes after a short motor task
Simultaneous fMRI and tDCS for Enhancing Training of Flight Tasks
The Neurocognitive Basis for Impaired Dual-Task Performance in Senior Fallers
Alterations in effective connectivity within the Papez circuit are correlated with insulin resistance in T2DM patients without mild cognitive impairment.
Distinction of High- and Low-Frequency Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation on the Functional Reorganization of the Motor Network in Stroke Patients
Yoga Practitioners Uniquely Activate the Superior Parietal Lobule and Supramarginal Gyrus During Emotion Regulation
Functional Neuroimaging Correlates of Burnout among Internal Medicine Residents and Faculty Members
Episodic memory and executive functions in cognitively healthy individuals display distinct neuroanatomical correlates which are differentially modulated by aging
The underlying neural bases of the reversal error while solving algebraic word problems
Altered cross-talk between the hypothalamus and non-homeostatic regions linked to obesity and difficulty to lose weight
Neural Correlates of Mild Behavioral Impairment: A Functional Brain Connectivity Study Using Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging
Preliminary evidence of altered gray matter volume in subjects with internet gaming disorder: associations with history of childhood attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder symptoms.
Functional Imaging to Guide Network-Based TMS Treatments: Toward a Tailored Medicine Approach in Alzheimer’s Disease
Amyloid-driven disruption of default mode network connectivity in cognitively healthy individuals
Implicit threat learning involves the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex and the cerebellum
Implicit structured sequence learning: an fMRI study of the structural mere-exposure effect
Resting-state fMRI study on drug-naive patients of essential tremor with and without head tremor
Language lateralization during the Chinese semantic task relates to the contralateral cerebra-cerebellar interactions at rest
Brain processing of pictures of children in men with pedophilic disorder: A positron emission tomography study
Success versus failure in cognitive control: Meta-analytic evidence from neuroimaging studies on error processing.
Disrupted Functional Connectivity of the Amygdala Predicts the Efficacy of Non-steroidal Anti-inflammatory Drugs in Migraineurs Without Aura
Continuity in the neural system supporting children’s theory of mind development: Longitudinal links between task-independent EEG and task-dependent fMRI
Aging-related changes in reward-based decision-making depend on punishment frequency: An fMRI study
Reduced olfactory bulb volume in depression-A structural moderator analysis.
Diffusion Tensor Imaging Study of White Matter Damage in Chronic Meningitis
Gray matter blood flow and volume are reduced in association with white matter hyperintensity lesion burden: a cross-sectional MRI study
White matter hyperintensities at critical crossroads for executive function and verbal abilities in small vessel disease
An examination of resting-state functional connectivity in patients with active Crohn’s disease
Time related effects on functional brain connectivity after serotonergic and cholinergic neuromodulation
The neural correlates of intermanual transfer.
Laminar activity in the hippocampus and entorhinal cortex related to novelty and episodic encoding
Increased neural responses to empathy for pain might explain how acute stress increases prosociality
Functional Integrity of Executive Control Network Contributed to Retained Executive Abilities in Mild Cognitive Impairment
Individualized Prediction of PTSD Symptom Severity in Trauma Survivors From Whole-Brain Resting-State Functional Connectivity
Differences in resting-state brain networks and gray matter between APOE ε2 and APOE ε4 carriers in non-dementia elderly
Surprise-related activation in the nucleus accumbens interacts with music-induced pleasantness
Modulation of functionally localized right insular cortex activity using real-time fMRI-based neurofeedback
Creative tempo: Spatiotemporal dynamics of the default mode network in improvisational musicians
dACC response to presentation of negative feedback predicts stimulant dependence diagnosis and stimulant use severity☆
Hyperactivation of Posterior Default Mode Network During Self-Referential Processing in Children at Familial High-Risk for Psychosis
Distributed neural representation of saliency controlled value and category during anticipation of rewards and punishments
Characterizing the Structural Pattern of Heavy Smokers Using Multivoxel Pattern Analysis
Activation Map Reveals Language Impairment in Children with Benign Epilepsy with Centrotemporal Spikes (BECTS)
Differences in brain structure and function in children with the FTO obesity‐risk allele
Enhanced Brain Responses to Pain-Related Words in Chronic Back Pain Patients and Their Modulation by Current Pain
Selective Functional Disconnection of the Dorsal Subregion of the Temporal Pole in Schizophrenia
Higher body weight-dependent neural activation during reward processing
Sex Differences in Brain Structure in de novo Parkinson’s Disease: A Cross-Sectional and Longitudinal Neuroimaging Study
The anterior insula and anterior cingulate cortex are associated with avoidance of dental treatment based on prior experience of treatment in healthy adults
The Association of Metabolic Dysfunction and Mood Across Lifespan Interacts With the Default Mode Network Functional Connectivity
Acquired olfactory loss alters functional connectivity and morphology
Dysfunction in differential reward-punishment responsiveness in conduct disorder relates to severity of callous-unemotional traits but not irritability
Belief in Communism and Theory of Mind
Disturbed neurovascular coupling in hemodialysis patients
Age-related changes in brain structural covariance networks
"Comparison of neural substrates of temporal discounting between youth with
autism spectrum disorder and with obsessive-compulsive disorder"
A Longitudinal Study of Local Gyrification Index in Young Boys With Autism Spectrum Disorder.
Differences in the amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations of spontaneous brain activity between preterm and term infants
Visual Network Asymmetry and Default Mode Network Function in ADHD: An fMRI Study
Noradrenaline and Movement Initiation Disorders in Parkinson’s Disease: A Pharmacological Functional MRI Study with Clonidine
Altered functional activity of the precuneus and superior temporal gyrus in patients with residual dizziness caused by benign paroxysmal positional vertigo
Neural dynamics underlying the acquisition of distinct auditory category structures.
Neural Correlates of Abnormal Temporal Discrimination in Unaffected Relatives of Cervical Dystonia Patients
Hemodynamic correlates of emotion regulation in frontal lobe epilepsy patients and healthy participants
Differences in empathy toward patients between medical and nonmedical students: an fMRI study
Effects of genetic variability of CYP2D6 on neural substrates of sustained attention during on-task activity
Cerebello-thalamo-cortical networks predict positive symptom progression in individuals at ultra-high risk for psychosis
Selective Changes of Resting-State Brain Oscillations in aMCI: An fMRI Study Using ALFF
Common and distinct neural substrates of the compassionate and uncompassionate self-responding dimensions of self-compassion.
Neuropsychobiological Fingerprints of Chronic Fatigue in Sarcoidosis
Comprehending Body Language and Mimics: An ERP and Neuroimaging Study on Italian Actors and Viewers
Sense of Agency Beyond Sensorimotor Process: Decoding Self-Other Action Attribution in the Human Brain
Brain dynamics of post‐task resting state are influenced by expertise: Insights from baseball players
Neural correlates of semantic and phonological processing revealed by functional connectivity patterns in the language network.
Dynamic causal modelling of eye movements during pursuit: Confirming precision-encoding in V1 using MEG
Enhanced insightfulness and neural activation induced by metaphorical solutions to appropriate mental distress problems.
Fronto-temporal dysfunction in appetitive regulation of bulimia nervosa with affective disorders: A regional homogeneity and remote connectivity pattern analysis.
The effect of ApoE ε4 on longitudinal brain region-specific glucose metabolism in patients with mild cognitive impairment: a FDG-PET study
"Human emotion processing accuracy, negative biases, and fMRI activation are associated with childhood trauma"
Neural correlates of derived relational responding on tests of stimulus equivalence
Preliminary data on oxytocin modulation of neural reactivity in women to emotional stimuli of children depending on childhood emotional neglect
"Transdiagnostic phenotypes of compulsive behavior and associations with psychological, cognitive, and neurobiological affective processing"
Test and evaluation of driving comfort of rice combine harvester
Prefrontal Cortex and Amygdala Subregion Morphology Are Associated With Obesity and Dietary Self-control in Children and Adolescents
"Neural bases of reward anticipation in healthy individuals with low, mid, and high levels of schizotypy"
The Sound of Words Evokes Affective Brain Responses
"Borderline Personality Disorder With Cocaine Dependence: Impulsivity, Emotional Dysregulation and Amygdala Functional Connectivity"
"Cerebral blood flow in adolescents with drug-naive, first-episode major depressive disorder: An arterial spin labeling study based on voxel-level whole-brain analysis"
Mathematical expertise modulates the architecture of dorsal and cortico-thalamic white matter tracts
A transcallosal fibre system between homotopic inferior frontal regions supports complex linguistic processing
Abnormal cerebellar-prefrontal cortical pathways in obstructive sleep apnea with/without mild cognitive impairment
Effects of methamphetamine on neural responses to visual stimuli.
Embodiment of action-related language in the native and a late foreign language - An fMRI-study.
"Enhanced activations in the dorsal inferior frontal gyrus specifying the who, when, and what for successful building of sentence structures in a new language"
Modality-Specificity of the Neural Correlates of Linguistic and Non-Linguistic Demand
Binge drinking is associated with attenuated frontal and parietal activation during successful response inhibition in fearful context.
Altered brain responses to specific negative emotions in schizophrenia
Sex commonalities and differences in obesity-related alterations in intrinsic brain activity and connectivity
Connecting the dots: Motor and default mode network crossroads in post-stroke motor learning deficits
"Neural correlates of reduced depressive symptoms following cognitive training for chronic traumatic brain injury†
"
Neuronal substrates participating in attentional set-shifting of rules for visually guided motor selection: a functional magnetic resonance imaging investigation.
"Dimensional Complexity of the Resting Brain in Healthy Aging, Using a Normalized MPSE"
Enhanced insular/prefrontal connectivity when resisting from emotional distraction during visual search
Alterations in cortical thickness of frontoparietal regions in patients with social anxiety disorder.
Prenatal and postnatal maternal anxiety and amygdala structure and function in young children
Modulations of emotional attention and spatial attention on human visual cortical activities
"Fear extinction, persistent disruptive behavior and psychopathic traits: fMRI in late adolescence."
Psychopathy is associated with fear-specific reductions in neural activity during affective perspective-taking
Altered Cerebellar-Cerebral Circuits in Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus
Changes in default mode network connectivity in different glucose metabolism status and diabetes duration
Orbital frontal cortex functional connectivity during gain anticipation linking the rumination and non-suicidal self-injury in late adolescence.
Brain morphological alternation in chronic pain patients with neuropathic characteristics
"Posterior cingulate cortex targeted real‐time fMRI neurofeedback recalibrates functional connectivity with the amygdala, posterior insula, and default‐mode network in PTSD"
"A lesion model of envy and Schadenfreude: legal, deservingness and moral dimensions as revealed by neurodegeneration"
Cortical thickness and subcortical structure volume abnormalities in patients with major depression with and without anxious symptoms
Stimulus-Based Extinction Generalization: Neural Correlates and Modulation by Cortisol
Activity in the fronto-parietal network indicates numerical inductive reasoning beyond calculation: An fMRI study combined with a cognitive model
Association Between Connectivity of Hippocampal Sub-Regions and Auditory Verbal Hallucinations in Schizophrenia
A pilot trial of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of the dorsomedial prefrontal cortex in anorexia nervosa: resting fMRI correlates of response
Changed hub and functional connectivity patterns of the posterior fusiform gyrus in chess experts.
Neural Patterns of the Implicit Association Test
Violent Behavior Is Associated With Emotion Salience Network Dysconnectivity in Schizophrenia
Valence-Dependent Coupling of Prefrontal-Amygdala Effective Connectivity during Facial Affect Processing
Neural correlates of individual differences in predicting ambiguous sounds comprehension level.
Prolonged Bedtime Smartphone Use is Associated With Altered Resting-State Functional Connectivity of the Insula in Adult Smartphone Users
Cognitive-Behavioral Therapy for Obsessive–Compulsive Disorder with and without Autism Spectrum Disorder: Gray Matter Differences Associated with Poor Outcome
Altered brain tissue viscoelasticity in pediatric cerebral palsy measured by magnetic resonance elastography
Common and specific neural correlates underlying insight and ordinary problem solving.
Altered Functional Interactions of Inhibition Regions in Cognitively Normal Parkinson’s Disease
Heightened neural sensitivity to social exclusion in boys with a history of low peer preference during primary school
Childhood assaultive trauma and physical aggression: Links with cortical thickness in prefrontal and occipital cortices
Meta-analytical evidence of functional and structural abnormalities associated with pain processing in migraine patients: An activation likelihood estimation
Identifying and revealing different brain neural activities of cognitive subtypes in early course schizophrenia
On the neural networks of empathy: A principal component analysis of an fMRI study
Neural correlates of virtual reality-based attention training: An fMRI study.
Analysis of individual differences in neurofeedback training illuminates successful self-regulation of the dopaminergic midbrain
Exploring Sex Differences in the Neural Correlates of Self-and Other-Referential Gender Stereotyping
Modulatory effect of International Standard Scalp Acupuncture on brain activation in the elderly as revealed by resting-state fMRI
Neural Basis of Response Bias on the Stop Signal Task in Misophonia
Neural correlates of the inverse base rate effect
Clarifying the synergistic effects of emotion dysregulation and inhibitory control on physical aggression
Affective and cognitive brain-networks are differently integrated in women and men while experiencing compassion
Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging of Language Following Constraint-Induced Aphasia Therapy Primed with Intermittent Theta Burst Stimulation in 13 Patients with Post-Stroke Aphasia
A Prospective Study of the Impact of Severe Childhood Deprivation on Brain White Matter in Adult Adoptees: Widespread Localized Reductions in Volume But Unaffected Microstructural Organization
Central functional reorganization and recovery following facial-hypoglossal neurorrhaphy for facial paralysis
The impact of circulatory arrest with selective antegrade cerebral perfusion on brain functional connectivity and postoperative cognitive function
Reduced cortical thickness associated with visceral fat and BMI
When and Where of Auditory Spatial Processing in Cortex: A Novel Approach Using Electrotomography
Altered Regional Homogeneity in Patients With Diabetic Erectile Dysfunction: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Brain Structure Alterations in Respect to Tobacco Consumption and Nicotine Dependence: A Comparative Voxel-Based Morphometry Study
"Abnormal Default-Mode Network Homogeneity in First-Episode, Drug-Naive Major Depressive Disorder"
Decreased Left Putamen and Thalamus Volume Correlates with Delusions in First-Episode Schizophrenia Patients
Negative polarity in quantifiers evokes greater activation in language-related regions compared to negative polarity in adjectives.
The Neural Substrate of Prior Information in Perceptual Decision Making: A Model-Based Analysis
Study of vision‐related resting‐state activity in suprasellar tumor patients with postoperative visual damage
Machine Learning Analysis Classifies Patients with Primary Angle-Closure Glaucoma Using Abnormal Brain White Matter Function
Dynamic Complexity of Spontaneous BOLD Activity in Alzheimer’s Disease and Mild Cognitive Impairment Using Multiscale Entropy Analysis
Microstructural plasticity in the bilingual brain.
Facing successfully high mental workload and stressors: An fMRI study
Enhanced Gray Matter Volume Compensates for Decreased Brain Activity in the Ocular Motor Area in Children with Anisometropic Amblyopia
When Cognitive Decline and Depression Coexist in the Elderly: CSF Biomarkers Analysis Can Differentiate Alzheimer's Disease from Late-Life Depression
Patterns of Visual Task-based Functional MRI Activation in Chronic Posterior Cerebral Artery Stroke Patients
Identifying Individuals at High Risk of Psychosis: Predictive Utility of Support Vector Machine using Structural and Functional MRI Data
Retained absolute pitch after selective amygdalohippocampectomy
Processing False Beliefs in Preschool Children and Adults: Developing a Set of Custom Tasks to Test the Theory of Mind in Neuroimaging and Behavioral Research
Altered regional homogeneity and functional connectivity of brain activity in young HIV-infected patients with asymptomatic neurocognitive impairment
Cortical signature of patients with HBV-related cirrhosis without overt hepatic encephalopathy: a morphometric analysis
Neurite dispersion and density mediates the relationship between cardiorespiratory fitness and cognition in healthy younger adults.
Distributed attribute representation in the superior parietal lobe during probabilistic decision‐making
"Being right, but losing money: the role of striatum in joint decision making"
Neuroanatomical Correlates of the Unity and Diversity Model of Executive Function in Young Adults
Sex Differences in Internalizing Symptoms and Amygdala Functional Connectivity in Neurotypical Youth
Impact of Global Normalization in fMRI Acupuncture Studies
The important role of dACC in shyness.
Filling in the gaps: Anticipatory control of eye movements in chronic mild traumatic brain injury
Autism and Beauty: Neural Correlates of Aesthetic Experiences in Autism Spectrum Disorder
Increased functional integration of emotional control network in late adulthood
Altered Regional Activity and Network Homogeneity within the Fronto-Limbic Network at Rest in Medicine-Free Obsessive–Compulsive Disorder
Individuals Diagnosed with Schizophrenia Assign Emotional Importance to Neutral Stimuli: An fMRI Study
Linking Salience Signaling With Early Adversity and Affective Distress in Individuals at Clinical High Risk for Psychosis: Results From an Event-Related fMRI Study
Early soft and flexible fusion of electroencephalography and functional magnetic resonance imaging via double coupled matrix tensor factorization for multisubject group analysis
Heart rate variability covaries with amygdala functional connectivity during voluntary emotion regulation.
Amygdala hyperactivation during symptom provocation in obsessive–compulsive disorder and its modulation by distraction
A Comparative Study of Regional Homogeneity of Resting-State fMRI Between the Early-Onset and Late-Onset Recurrent Depression in Adults
Leptin predicts cortical and subcortical gray matter volume recovery in alcohol dependent patients: A longitudinal structural magnetic resonance imaging study.
Abnormal brain activity in adolescents with Internet addiction who attempt suicide: an assessment using functional magnetic resonance imaging
Local Use-Dependent Sleep in Wakefulness Links Performance Errors to Learning
Frequent and Recent Non-fatal Strangulation/Choking During Sex and Its Association With fMRI Activation During Working Memory Tasks
Altered Regional Homogeneity in Rolandic Epilepsy: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Does photobiomodulation influence the resting-state brain networks in young human subjects?
Neural correlates of Korean proverb processing: A functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Neural response to emotional faces with and without awareness: event-related fMRI in a parietal patient with visual extinction and spatial neglect.
Neural Correlates of Direct and Indirect Suppression of Autobiographical Memories
Inferior Frontal Cortex Modulation with an Acute Dose of Heroin During Cognitive Control
Dysconnectivity Within the Default Mode in First-Episode Schizophrenia: A Stochastic Dynamic Causal Modeling Study With Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging
A functional neuroimaging study of self-other processing alterations in atypical developmental trajectories of psychotic-like experiences
Long-term follow-up of febrile infection-related epilepsy syndrome.
Increased Brain Iron Detection by Voxel-Based Quantitative Susceptibility Mapping in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Patients With an Executive Function Decline
Emotion regulation in young adults with family history of harmful alcohol use: A fMRI study.
A Direct Demonstration of Functional Differences between Subdivisions of Human V5/MT+
Brain structure abnormalities in adolescent girls with conduct disorder
Abnormal interhemispheric and intrahemispheric functional connectivity dynamics in drug‐naïve first‐episode schizophrenia patients with auditory verbal hallucinations
Genome-wide association study of working memory brain activation.
Abnormal functional connectivity in the right dorsal anterior insula associated with cognitive dysfunction in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus
Intrinsic low-frequency oscillation changes in multiple-frequency bands in stable patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Brain Responses to Emotional Infant Faces in New Mothers and Nulliparous Women
Brain Processing of Contagious Itch in Patients with Atopic Dermatitis
"Effects of Sleep Deprivation on Working Memory: Change in Functional Connectivity Between the Dorsal Attention, Default Mode, and Fronto-Parietal Networks"
Spatial and chronic differences in neural activity in medicated and unmedicated schizophrenia patients
Neuroanatomical abnormalities in first-episode psychosis across independent samples: a multi-centre mega-analysis
Perceptual uncertainty explains activation differences between audiovisual congruent speech and McGurk stimuli
Validity and Reproducibility of a Food Frequency Questionnaire as a Measure of Recent Dietary Intake in Young Adults
Gender Differences in Perception of Romance in Chinese College Students
Resting-state brain network in Parkinson’s disease with different degrees of depression
Neural correlates of semantic number: A cross-linguistic investigation.
Resting-state neural activity and connectivity associated with subjective happiness
Functional neural correlates of psychometric schizotypy: an fMRI study of antisaccades.
Aberrant Effective Connectivity of the Ventral Putamen in Boys With Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder
Does writing handedness affect neural representation of symbolic number? An fMRI adaptation study.
Even a little sleepiness influences neural activation and clinical reasoning in novices
Aversive Counterconditioning Attenuates Reward Signaling in the Ventral Striatum
The Neural Mechanisms of Associative Memory Revisited: fMRI Evidence from Implicit Contingency Learning
Sex-related brain connectivity correlates of compensation in adults with autism: insights into female protection.
Structural brain changes in emotion recognition across the adult lifespan
Developmental brain structural atypicalities in autism: a voxel-based morphometry analysis
Orthostatic tremor: a cerebellar pathology?
Neuroanatomical substrate of chronic psychosis in epilepsy: an MRI study
Neurocognitive correlates of the effects of yoga meditation practice on emotion and cognition: a pilot study
Abnormal regional signal in the left cerebellum as a potential neuroimaging biomarker of sudden sensorineural hearing loss
Combined Effects of Attention and Motivation on Visual Task Performance: Transient and Sustained Motivational Effects
The neurocognitive correlates of academic diligence in adolescent girls
Association Between Resting-State Functional Connectivity and Reading in Two Writing Systems in Japanese Children With and Without Developmental Dyslexia
Functional Reorganization After Four-Week Brain–Computer Interface-Controlled Supernumerary Robotic Finger Training: A Pilot Study of Longitudinal Resting-State fMRI
"The enhanced connectivity between the frontoparietal, somatomotor network and thalamus as the most significant network changes of chronic low back pain."
Emotion-body connection dispositions modify the insulae-midcingulate effective connectivity during anger processing
Directed functional connectivity of the hippocampus in patients with presbycusis.
Alterations in Low-Level Perceptual Networks Related to Clinical Severity in PTSD after an Earthquake: A Resting-State fMRI Study
The Neural Basis of Social Influence in a Dictator Decision
Functional connectivity abnormalities in Type I Chiari: associations with cognition and pain
The brain basis of handwriting deficits in Chinese children with developmental dyslexia
Brain Alterations and Mini-Mental State Examination in Patients with Progressive Supranuclear Palsy: Voxel-Based Investigations Using 18F-Fluorodeoxyglucose Positron Emission Tomography and Magnetic Resonance Imaging
The vmPFC-IPL functional connectivity as the neural basis of future self-continuity impacted procrastination: the mediating role of anticipated positive outcomes
Response of neural reward regions to food cues in autism spectrum disorders
"Changes in a sensorimotor network, occipital network, and psychomotor speed within three months after focal surgical injury in pediatric patients with intracranial space-occupying lesions"
Attending to Eliza: rapid brain responses reflect competence attribution in virtual social feedback processing
Higher resting-state activity in reward-related brain circuits in obese versus normal-weight females independent of food intake
Aberrations of anterior insular cortex functional connectivity in nontreatment-seeking alcoholics.
Neurofeedback-Augmented Mindfulness Training Elicits Distinct Responses in the Subregions of the Insular Cortex in Healthy Adolescents
Neuroimaging correlates of handwriting quality as children learn to read and write
Altered functional connectivity of dentate nucleus in parkinsonian and cerebellar variants of multiple system atrophy.
Temporal recalibration in response to delayed visual feedback of active versus passive actions: an fMRI study
Structural and functional reorganization of contralateral hippocampus after temporal lobe epilepsy surgery
Brain Resources: How Semantic Cueing Works in Mild Cognitive Impairment due to Alzheimer’s Disease (MCI-AD)
Reduced functional connectivity between bilateral precuneus and contralateral parahippocampus in schizotypal personality disorder
Individual prediction of psychotherapy outcome in posttraumatic stress disorder using neuroimaging data
Functional MRI Correlates of Sleep Quality in HIV
Molecular imaging of beta-amyloid deposition in late-life depression.
fMRI exploration of pedagogical benefits of repeated testing: when more is not always better
Altered resting-state networks may explain the executive impairment in young health immigrants into high-altitude area.
Task modulates the orthographic and phonological representations in the bilateral ventral Occipitotemporal cortex.
Neuroanatomical correlates of psychopathology in antipsychotic-naïve schizophrenia
Aging and the wandering brain: Age-related differences in the neural correlates of stimulus-independent thoughts
Gray Matter Changes in Adolescents Participating in a Meditation Training
Classification and characterisation of brain network changes in chronic back pain: A multicenter study
Exploring Signatures of Neurodegeneration in Early-Onset Older-Age Bipolar Disorder and Behavioral Variant Frontotemporal Dementia
Independency of Coding for Affective Similarities and for Word Co-occurrences in Temporal Perisylvian Neocortex
Association between cortical volume and gray-white matter contrast with second generation antipsychotic medication exposure in first episode male schizophrenia patients.
Analysis of Factors Affecting Cranial Nerve Function of Patients With Vascular Mild Cognitive Impairment Through Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Under Artificial Intelligence Environment
Different patterns of age-related central olfactory decline in men and women as quantified by olfactory fMRI
Longitudinal changes in brain activation underlying reading fluency
Reward circuitry activation reflects social preferences in the face of cognitive effort.
Abnormal topological organization in systemic lupus erythematosus: a resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging analysis.
Hippocampal involvement in retrieval of odor vs. object memories.
Neural basis of associative learning in Trichotillomania and skin-picking disorder.
Altered hippocampal functional connectivity after the rupture of anterior communicating artery aneurysm
Structural white and gray matter differences in a large sample of patients with Posttraumatic Stress Disorder and a healthy and trauma-exposed control group: Diffusion tensor imaging and region-based morphometry
Cortical reorganization in recent-onset tinnitus patients by the Heidelberg Model of Music Therapy
Neurodevelopmental differences in child and adult number processing: An fMRI-based validation of the triple code model
In Vivo High-Resolution 7 Tesla MRI Shows Early and Diffuse Cortical Alterations in CADASIL
Migration of Whooper Swans and Outbreaks of Highly Pathogenic Avian Influenza H5N1 Virus in Eastern Asia
Enhanced sensitivity to optimistic cues is manifested in brain structure: a voxel-based morphometry study
Dynamic Changes of Functional Pain Connectome in Women with Primary Dysmenorrhea
The mid-term effects of carotid endarterectomy on cognition and regional neural activity analyzed with the amplitude of low frequency fluctuations technique
"Shared and differential default-mode related patterns of activity in an autobiographical, a self-referential and an attentional task"
Neural predictors of evaluative attitudes toward celebrities
Heightened eating drive and visual food stimuli attenuate central nociceptive processing
Model-based assessment and neural correlates of spatial memory deficits in mild cognitive impairment.
A multi-modal MRI study of the central response to inflammation in rheumatoid arthritis
Shared and specific patterns of structural and functional thalamo-frontal disturbances in manic and euthymic pediatric bipolar disorder
Altered connection properties of important network hubs may be neural risk factors for individuals with primary insomnia
Higher Peripheral Inflammatory Signaling Associated With Lower Resting-State Functional Brain Connectivity in Emotion Regulation and Central Executive Networks.
Resting States Are Resting Traits – An fMRI Study of Sex Differences and Menstrual Cycle Effects in Resting State Cognitive Control Networks
Resting-State Neural Firing Rate Is Linked to Cardiac-Cycle Duration in the Human Cingulate and Parahippocampal Cortices
Different patterns of white matter microstructural alterations between psychotic and non-psychotic bipolar disorder
"Vigilant Attention, Cerebral Blood Flow and Grey Matter Volume Change after 36 h of Acute Sleep Deprivation in Healthy Male Adults: A Pilot Study"
Structure and activity alteration in adult highland residents' cerebrum: Voxel-based morphometry and amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation study
Neuroimaging of valence decisions in children and adults
Dipole localization for identification of neuronal generators in independent neighboring interictal EEG spike foci.
Associations of Bcl-2 rs956572 genotype groups in the structural covariance network in early-stage Alzheimer’s disease
"Tracking Moving Identities: After Attending the Right Location, the Identity Does Not Come for Free"
Age-related differences in fMRI subsequent memory effects are directly linked to local grey matter volume differences.
Anatomical Covariance Analysis: Detection of Disrupted Correlation Network Related to Clinical Trait Fatigue in Multiple Sclerosis: A Pilot Study
Altered resting-state functional connectivity in young children at familial high risk for psychotic illness: A preliminary study.
"Neural Correlates of Theory of Mind in Autism Spectrum Disorder, Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder, and the Comorbid Condition"
Different brain structures associated with artistic and scientific creativity: a voxel-based morphometry study
Effector-independent Representations Guide Sequential Target Selection Biases in Action.
Gesture meaning modulates the neural correlates of effector-specific imitation deficits in left hemisphere stroke
Thalamic volume and functional connectivity are associated with nicotine dependence severity and craving
Individualized prediction of trait narcissism from whole-brain resting-state functional connectivity.
The Effect of Centralized Financial and Social Incentives on Cooperative Behavior and Its Underlying Neural Mechanisms
"Increased Global-Brain Functional Connectivity Is Associated with Dyslipidemia and Cognitive Impairment in First-Episode, Drug-Naive Patients with Bipolar Disorder"
Regional Neural Activity Abnormalities and Whole-Brain Functional Connectivity Reorganization in Bulimia Nervosa: Evidence From Resting-State fMRI
The Influence of Self-Referential Processing on Attentional Orienting in Frontoparietal Networks
Retained capacity for perceptual learning of degraded speech in primary progressive aphasia and Alzheimer’s disease
Preserved hippocampal novelty responses following anterior temporal-lobe resection that impairs familiarity but spares recollection.
The Dose-Dependent Effects of Vascular Risk Factors on Dynamic Compensatory Neural Processes in Mild Cognitive Impairment
Resting state functional connectivity as a marker of internalizing disorder onset in high-risk youth
Dance experience sculpts aesthetic perception and related brain circuits
Negative affect and craving during abstinence from smoking are both linked to default mode network connectivity.
Getting the Joke: Insight during Humor Comprehension – Evidence from an fMRI Study
The role of the right prefrontal cortex in the retrieval of weak representations
Identifying task-general effects of stimulus familiarity in the parietal memory network.
Activation of cerebellum and basal ganglia during the observation and execution of manipulative actions
The Thought From the Machine: Neural Basis of Thoughts With a Coherent and Diminished Sense of Authorship.
Increased Plasma Heme Oxygenase-1 Levels in Patients With Early-Stage Parkinson’s Disease
White Matter Changes With Rehabilitation in Children With Developmental Coordination Disorder: A Randomized Controlled Trial
Mathematics anxiety reduces default mode network deactivation in response to numerical tasks
Neural representations of Groups and Stereotypes using fMRI repetition suppression
Neural Signaling of Food Healthiness Associated with Emotion Processing
Functional connectivity and glutamate levels of the medial prefrontal cortex in schizotypy are related to sensory amplification in a probabilistic reasoning task.
Microstructural Abnormalities in Subcortical Reward Circuitry of Subjects with Major Depressive Disorder
Expected Valence Predicts Choice in a Recurrent Decision Task
A functional magnetic resonance imaging investigation of the autonomous sensory meridian response
Reentrant Processing in Intuitive Perception
"Frontal-Subcortical Volumetric Deficits in Single Episode, Medication-Naïve Depressed Patients and the Effects of 8 Weeks Fluoxetine Treatment: A VBM-DARTEL Study"
Disturbed spontaneous brain-activity pattern in patients with optic neuritis using amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Abnormal resting-state functional connectivity of hippocampal subregions in children with primary nocturnal enuresis
Visual deprivation selectively reshapes the intrinsic functional architecture of the anterior insula subregions
Win and Loss Responses in the Monetary Incentive Delay Task Mediate the Link between Depression and Problem Drinking
The Role of Frontoparietal Cortex across the Functional Stages of Visual Search.
FDG-PET hypometabolism is more sensitive than MRI atrophy in Parkinson's disease: A whole-brain multimodal imaging meta-analysis.
L2 speech perception in noise: An fMRI study of advanced Spanish learners.
Recruitment of dlPFC during dietary self-regulation predicts the transience of regulatory effects.
Emerging neural specialization of the ventral occipitotemporal cortex to characters through phonological association learning in preschool children.
Neural Basis of Impaired Emotion Recognition in Adult Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder.
Neural Correlates of Compulsive Alcohol Seeking in Heavy Drinkers.
White matter integrity is disrupted in adolescents with acute anorexia nervosa: A diffusion tensor imaging study.
Content-specific codes of parametric auditory working memory in humans.
Morphological profiles of fatigue in Sarcoidosis patients.
Altered dynamic functional connectivity of insular subregions could predict symptom severity of male patients with autism spectrum disorder.
Multimodal Neural Evidence on the Corticostriatal Underpinning of Suicidality in Late-Life Depression.
A longitudinal study of brain anatomy changes preceding dementia in Down syndrome.
Neural correlates of working memory function in euthymic people with bipolar disorder compared to healthy controls: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Structural magnetic resonance imaging in bipolar disorder: an international collaborative mega-analysis of individual adult patient data.
Free-Water Diffusion Magnetic Resonance Imaging Differentiates Suicidal Ideation From Suicide Attempt in Treatment-Resistant Depression.
Neural substrates of saccadic adaptation: Plastic changes versus error processing and forward versus backward learning.
The brain correlates of hostile attribution bias and their relation to the displaced aggression.
Characterization of white matter microstructural abnormalities associated with cognitive dysfunction in cerebral small vessel disease with cerebral microbleeds.
Voxel-based global-brain functional connectivity alterations in first-episode drug-naive patients with somatization disorder.
"Advances, challenges, and promises in pediatric neuroimaging of neurodevelopmental disorders."
Maternal reading fluency is associated with functional connectivity between the child's future reading network and regions related to executive functions and language processing in preschool-age children.
Multiple overlapping dynamic patterns of the visual sensory network in schizophrenia.
Reduced white matter fractional anisotropy and clinical symptoms in schizophrenia: a voxel-based diffusion tensor imaging study.
"Neurobiological evidence for thalamic, hippocampal and related glutamatergic abnormalities in bipolar disorder: a review and synthesis."
Abnormal coupling among spontaneous brain activity metrics and cognitive deficits in major depressive disorder.
Processing symbolic and non-symbolic proportions: Domain-specific numerical and domain-general processes in intraparietal cortex.
Association of decrease in insula fMRI activation with changes in trait anxiety in patients with craniomandibular disorder (CMD).
Unrestricted eye movements strengthen effective connectivity from hippocampal to oculomotor regions during scene construction.
Alteration of power law scaling of spontaneous brain activity in schizophrenia.
Emotion-related brain structures associated with trait creativity in middle children.
Brain structural changes in CADASIL patients: A morphometric magnetic resonance imaging study.
Cross-modal plasticity in adult single-sided deafness revealed by alpha band resting-state functional connectivity.
Dorsal premotor cortex is related to recognition of verbal and visual descriptions of actions in the first-person perspective.
Use of metal-based contrast agents for in vivo MR and CT imaging of phagocytic cells in neurological pathologies.
Hippocampal-Cortical Encoding Activity Predicts the Precision of Episodic Memory.
Rapid volumetric brain changes after acute psychosocial stress.
Distinct reserve capacity impacts on default-mode network in response to left angular gyrus-navigated repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the prodromal Alzheimer disease.
"Cortical thickness, cortical and subcortical volume, and white matter integrity in patients with their first episode of major depression."
Blue light activates pulvinar nuclei in longstanding idiopathic photophobia: A case report.
On the relation of gyrification and cortical thickness alterations to the suicidal risk and mental pain in chronic schizophrenia outpatients.
Strategy switches in proactive inhibitory control and their association with task-general and stopping-specific networks.
Initial white matter connectivity differences between remitters and non-remitters of patients with panic disorder after 6 months of pharmacotherapy.
Depression is associated with hyperconnectivity of an introspective socio-affective network during the recall of formative relationship episodes.
Functional neuroanatomy of blindsight revealed by activation likelihood estimation meta-analysis.
Subgenual Anterior Cingulate-Medial Orbitofrontal Functional Connectivity in Medication-Resistant Major Depression: A Neurobiological Marker for Accelerated Intermittent Theta Burst Stimulation Treatment?
Neural bases of loss aversion when choosing for oneself versus known or unknown others.
An fMRI meta-analysis of the role of the striatum in everyday-life vs laboratory-developed habits.
Experience-dependent neuroplasticity in trained musicians modulates the effects of chronic pain on insula-based networks - A resting-state fMRI study.
Aberrant Cerebello-Cortical Connectivity in Pianists With Focal Task-Specific Dystonia.
Modulation of cerebellar activities by acupuncture stimulation: evidence from fMRI study.
Implicit false-belief processing in the human brain.
Effector-independent representations of simple and complex imagined finger movements: a combined fMRI and TMS study.
"Motor-induced brain activation in cortical, subcortical and cerebellar regions in schizophrenic inpatients. A whole brain fMRI fingertapping study."
Functional significance of age-related differences in motor activation patterns.
Partially overlapping neural networks for real and imagined hand movements.
Neural correlates of admiration and compassion.
Police culture influences the brain function underlying compassion: a gender study.
Differential pattern of functional brain plasticity after compassion and empathy training.
Mindfulness meditation regulates anterior insula activity during empathy for social pain.
Compassion training alters altruism and neural responses to suffering.
Pre-existing brain function predicts subsequent practice of mindfulness and compassion meditation.
"Compassion, guilt and innocence: An fMRI study of responses to victims who are responsible for their fate."
8. Acute exercise influences reward processing in highly trained and untrained men.
14. Semantic Memory Activation After Acute Exercise in Healthy Older Adults.
Imaging the intentional stance in a competitive game.
Spontaneous and intentional trait inferences recruit a common mentalizing network to a different degree: spontaneous inferences activate only its core areas.
The link between social cognition and self-referential thought in the medial prefrontal cortex.
Functional neuroimaging of mentalizing during the trust game in social anxiety disorder.
Movement and mind: a functional imaging study of perception and interpretation of complex intentional movement patterns.
Understanding intentions in social interaction: the role of the anterior paracingulate cortex.
A PET investigation of the attribution of intentions with a nonverbal task.
"Temporo-parietal junction activity in theory-of-mind tasks: falseness, beliefs, or attention."
Where am I? The neurological correlates of self and other.
Long-term reproducibility analysis of fMRI using hand motor task.
Functional properties of brain areas associated with motor execution and imagery.
Therapeutic mechanisms of psilocybin: Changes in amygdala and prefrontal functional connectivity during emotional processing after psilocybin for treatment-resistant depression.
Brain Networks Processing Temporal Information in Dynamic Facial Expressions.
Modulation of functional activity and connectivity by acupuncture in patients with Alzheimer disease as measured by resting-state fMRI.
"Modulation of the Default Mode Network in First-Episode, Drug-Naive Major Depressive Disorder via Acupuncture at Baihui (GV20) Acupoint."
Spanish Society of Thoracic Surgery (SECT) consensus document. Long-term follow-up for operated patients with lung cancer.
Alexithymia decreases altruism in real social decisions.
"fMRI BOLD Response in High-risk College Students (Part 1): During Exposure to Alcohol, Marijuana, Polydrug and Emotional Picture Cues"
Neural network integration during the perception of in-group and out-group members.
Asymmetric neural tracking of gain and loss magnitude during adolescence.
Testosterone levels correspond with increased ventral striatum activation in response to monetary rewards in adolescents.
Reward anticipation in the adolescent and aging brain.
"Healthy adolescents' neural response to reward: associations with puberty, positive affect, and depressive symptoms."
What motivates the adolescent? Brain regions mediating reward sensitivity across adolescence.
CID: a valid incentive delay paradigm for children.
Diminished reinforcement sensitivity in adolescence is associated with enhanced response switching and reduced coding of choice probability in the medial frontal pole.
Modulation of reward-related neural activation on sensation seeking across development.
A target sample of adolescents and reward processing: same neural and behavioral  correlates engaged in common paradigms?
18. Impact of a single bout of aerobic exercise on regional brain perfusion and activation responses in healthy young adults.
7. Acute Tai Chi Chuan exercise enhances sustained attention and elicits increased cuneus/precuneus activation in young adults.
15. Effects of acute aerobic exercise on neural correlates of attention and inhibition in adolescents with bipolar disorder.
Role of the supplementary motor area and the right premotor cortex in the coordination of bimanual finger movements.
Human cerebellum plays an important role in memory-timed finger movement: an fMRI study.
Disruption of resting-state functional connectivity of right posterior insula in adolescents and young adults with major depressive disorder.
Differences in basic psychological needs-related resting-state functional connectivity between individuals with high and low life satisfaction.
Mapping grip force to motor networks.
FMRI response to acute psychological stress differentiates patients with psychogenic non-epileptic seizures from healthy controls - A biochemical and neuroimaging biomarker study.
Enhanced mirror neuron network activity and effective connectivity during live interaction among female subjects.
The brain under stress-A systematic review and activation likelihood estimation meta-analysis of changes in BOLD signal associated with acute stress exposure.
Amygdala connectivity during emotional face perception in psychotic disorders.
Neural representations of transitive relations predict current and future math calculation skills in children.
Neural circuit markers of familial risk for depression among healthy youth in the Adolescent Brain Cognitive Development (ABCD) Study.
Functional connectivity of cerebellar dentate nucleus and cognitive impairments in patients with drug-naive and first-episode schizophrenia.
Understanding time perception through non-invasive brain stimulation techniques: A review of studies.
Neuroimaging mechanisms in short-term heroin- and methamphetamine-abstinent users: Similarities and differences.
"Comparison of grey matter volume and thickness for analysing cortical changes in chronic schizophrenia: a matter of surface area, grey/white matter intensity contrast, and curvature."
Open eyes and closed eyes elicit different temporal properties of brain functional networks.
From Synchrony to Asynchrony: Cerebellar-Basal Ganglia Functional Circuits in Young and Older Adults.
Chemo-brain: An activation likelihood estimation meta-analysis of functional magnetic resonance imaging studies.
Prenatal developmental origins of behavior and mental health: The influence of maternal stress in pregnancy.
White matter disruptions in male cocaine polysubstance users: Associations with severity of drug use and duration of abstinence.
Affective episodes in recently diagnosed patients with bipolar disorder associated with altered working memory-related prefrontal cortex activity: A longitudinal fMRI study.
Cortical thickness and subcortical volume abnormalities in male crack-cocaine users.
Selective peak inference: Unbiased estimation of raw and standardized effect size at local maxima.
Alcohol-related context modulates neural correlates of inhibitory control in alcohol dependent patients: Preliminary data from an fMRI study using an alcohol-related Go/NoGo-task.
The Stroop effect: An activation likelihood estimation meta-analysis in healthy young adults.
Age-related parieto-occipital and other gray matter changes in borderline personality disorder: A meta-analysis of cortical and subcortical structures.
The association between perceived social support and amygdala structure.
Elevated hippocampal choline level is associated with altered functional connectivity in females with major depressive disorder: A pilot study.
Altered intra- and inter-regional functional connectivity of the visual cortex in individuals with peripheral vision loss due to retinitis pigmentosa.
Structure of the alexithymic brain: A parametric coordinate-based meta-analysis.
Brain functional connectivity during and after imagery of gaming and alternative leisure activities in patients with internet gaming disorder.
How prenatal exposures shape the infant brain: Insights from infant neuroimaging studies.
Solidity Meets Surprise: Cerebral and Behavioral Effects of Learning from Episodic Prediction Errors.
Identification of competing neural mechanisms underlying positive and negative perceptual hysteresis in the human visual system.
What can DTI tell about early cognitive impairment? - Differentiation between MCI subtypes and healthy controls by diffusion tensor imaging.
Regional cerebral blood flow predictors of relapse and resilience in substance use recovery: A coordinate-based meta-analysis of human neuroimaging studies.
Modulation on brain gray matter activity and white matter integrity by APOE ε4 risk gene in cognitively intact elderly: A multimodal neuroimaging study.
Alexithymia is related to differences in gray matter volume: a voxel-based morphometry study.
Adult dyslexic readers benefit less from visual input during audiovisual speech processing: fMRI evidence.
Mapping the anatomy of perceptual pseudoneglect. A multivariate approach.
High cortical iron is associated with the disruption of white matter tracts supporting cognitive function in healthy older adults.
"Right lateralized white matter abnormalities in first-episode, drug-naive paranoid schizophrenia."
Brain networks involved in place recognition based on personal and spatial semantics.
Neurochemical profiles of the anterior temporal lobe predict response of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on semantic processing.
Brain atrophy in prodromal synucleinopathy is shaped by structural connectivity and gene expression.
Larger thalamus correlated with inattentive severity in the inattentive subtype of ADHD without comorbidity.
White matter structural integrity differs between people with schizophrenia and healthy groups as a function of cognitive control.
Sexual differentiation of the adolescent rat brain: A longitudinal voxel-based morphometry study.
Altered resting state dynamic functional connectivity of amygdala subregions in patients with autism spectrum disorder: A multi-site fMRI study.
Default mode network connectivity is associated with long-term clinical outcome in patients with schizophrenia.
Attention to speech: mapping distributed and selective attention systems.
Abnormal dynamics of resting-state functional activity and couplings in postpartum depression with and without anxiety.
Nodal degree changes induced by electroconvulsive therapy in major depressive disorder: Evidence in two independent cohorts.
Differentiating between axonal damage and demyelination in healthy aging by combining diffusion-tensor imaging and diffusion-weighted spectroscopy in the human corpus callosum at 7 T.
Autistic traits modulate the activity of the ventromedial prefrontal cortex in response to female faces.
The neural underpinnings of haptically guided functional grasping of tools: An fMRI study.
Voluntary wheel running ameliorates depression-like behaviors and brain blood oxygen level-dependent signals in chronic unpredictable mild stress mice.
The association of health-related quality of life and cerebral gray matter volume in the context of aging: A voxel-based morphometry study with a general population sample.
Low Socioeconomic Status Is Associated with a Greater Neural Response to Both Rewards and Losses.
Dog and human neural sensitivity to voicelikeness: A comparative fMRI study.
Increased white matter connectivity in traumatized children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.
Sulcal morphology as cognitive decline predictor in older adults with memory complaints.
Altered default mode network functional connectivity in individuals with co-occurrence of schizotypy and obsessive-compulsive traits.
Developmental alterations of the numerical processing networks in the brain.
Widespread Positive Direct and Indirect Effects of Regular Physical Activity on the Developing Functional Connectome in Early Adolescence.
Abnormal functional connectivity of habenula in untreated patients with first-episode major depressive disorder.
Restoring emotional stability: Cortisol effects on the neural network of cognitive emotion regulation.
Systematic review and voxel-based meta-analysis of diffusion tensor imaging studies in bipolar disorder.
Analysis of neoplastic lesions in magnetic resonance imaging using self-organizing maps.
Neural Mechanisms of Perceiving and Subsequently Recollecting Emotional Facial Expressions in Young and Older Adults.
"Altered neural responsivity to food cues in relation to food preferences, but not appetite-related hormone concentrations after RYGB-surgery."
Dysconnectivity between the anterior insula and the dorsal anterior cingulate cortex during an emotion go/nogo paradigm is associated with aggressive behaviors in male schizophrenia patients.
Capturing brain-cognition relationship: Integrating task-based fMRI across tasks markedly boosts prediction and test-retest reliability.
Social cognition in schizophrenia: Validation of an ecological fMRI task.
Investigating the oxygenation of brain arteriovenous malformations using quantitative susceptibility mapping.
"Intrinsic, dynamic and effective connectivity among large-scale brain networks modulated by oxytocin."
Neural correlates of glucocorticoids effects on autobiographical memory retrieval in healthy women.
Distributed Neural Systems Support Flexible Attention Updating during Category Learning.
Voxel-based morphometry and histological analysis for evaluating hippocampal damage in a rat model of cardiopulmonary resuscitation.
Dynamic functional connectivity analysis of functional MRI based on copula time-varying correlation.
Investigating the Neural Correlates of the Affect Heuristic Using Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging.
Impact of early life adversities on human brain functioning: A coordinate-based meta-analysis.
Functional subdivisions of the hypothalamus using areal parcellation and their signal changes related to glucose metabolism.
White matter microstructural characteristics in Bipolar I and Bipolar II Disorder: A diffusion tensor imaging study.
Frontopolar Cortex Response to Positive Feedback Relates to Nonincentivized Task Persistence.
Brain activity associated with the rubber foot illusion.
Morphological brain changes between active and inactive phases of thyroid-associated ophthalmopathy: A voxel-based morphometry study.
Alterations in white matter microstructure and cortical thickness in individuals at ultra-high risk of psychosis: A multimodal tractography and surface-based morphometry study.
No evidence for association between bipolar disorder risk gene variants and brain structural phenotypes.
Neural correlates of the energetic value of food during visual processing and response inhibition.
Decreased Cortical Folding of the Fusiform Gyrus and Its Hypoconnectivity with Sensorimotor Areas in Major Depressive Disorder.
Reproducibility of amygdala activation in facial emotion processing at 7T.
Cortical anatomy in autism spectrum disorder: an in vivo MRI study on the effect of age.
"Neuroimaging of chronic MDMA (""ecstasy"") effects: A meta-analysis."
Differential effects of hunger on cerebral blood flow in healthy adolescents.
Metaphorical language processing and amygdala activation in L1 and L2.
"Salience, emotion, and attention: The neural networks underlying tinnitus distress revealed using music and rest."
Long-term training-dependent representation of individual finger movements in the primary motor cortex.
Temporolimbic cortical volume is associated with semantic odor memory performance in aging.
Callosal and subcortical white matter alterations in schizophrenia: A diffusion tensor imaging study at multiple levels.
Sensory cue reactivity: Sensitization in alcohol use disorder and obesity.
Easy to interpret coordinate based meta-analysis of neuroimaging studies: Analysis of brain coordinates (ABC).
Neuroanatomical correlates of time perspective: A voxel-based morphometry study.
Cerebral correlates and statistical criteria of cross-modal face and voice integration.
The Value of Sharing Information: A Neural Account of Information Transmission.
Variation in the CACNB2 gene is associated with functional connectivity of the Hippocampus in bipolar disorder
Culture but not gender modulates amygdala activation during explicit emotion recognition
Continuous theta burst stimulation over left supplementary motor area facilitates auditory-vocal integration in individuals with Parkinson’s disease
Neural oscillatory dynamics serving abstract reasoning reveal robust sex differences in typically-developing children and adolescents
Regional microstructural differences in ADHD youth with and without a family history of bipolar I disorder.
A functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging study of neurohemodynamic abnormalities during emotion processing in subjects at high risk for schizophrenia
Identification of a novel link between adiposity and visuospatial perception
Evaluation of visual food stimuli paradigms on healthy adolescents for future use in fMRI studies in anorexia nervosa
Study of normal-tension glaucoma based on OCTA and VBM-DARTEL analysis
Decoding Spatial Versus Non-spatial Processing in Auditory Working Memory
Direct and reflected self-concept show increasing similarity across adolescence: A functional neuroimaging study
Semantic network activation facilitates oral word reading in chronic aphasia.
Simultaneous voxel‐wise analysis of brain and spinal cord morphometry and microstructure within the SPM framework
Spatiotemporal Alterations in Working Memory-Related Beta Band Neuromagnetic Activity of Patients With Schizophrenia On and Off Antipsychotic Medication: Investigation With MEG.
The Synapse Project: Engagement in mentally challenging activities enhances neural efficiency
"The effect of self‐generated versus externally generated actions on timing, duration, and amplitude of blood oxygen level dependent response for visual feedback processing"
Neural modifications in lower limb amputation: an fMRI study on action and non-action oriented body representations.
Dedifferentiation of Functional Brain Activation Associated With Greater Visual Discrimination Accuracy in Middle-Aged and Older Adults
Decreased grey matter in the postural control network is associated with lateral flexion of the trunk in Parkinson’s disease
Functional differences in cerebral activation between slow wave-coupled and uncoupled sleep spindles
White matter correlates of the disorganized speech dimension in schizophrenia.
Task-induced functional brain connectivity mediates the relationship between striatal D2/3 receptors and working memory
Functional neuroanatomy of lexical access in contextually and visually guided spoken word production.
The effect of physical activity on white matter integrity in aging and prodromal to mild Alzheimer’s disease with vascular comorbidity
Thalamic altered spontaneous activity and connectivity in obstructive sleep apnea syndrome.
Shared neural representations and temporal segmentation of political content predict ideological similarity.
Sentence processing strategies in healthy seniors with poor comprehension: an fMRI study.
A comparison of brain and behavioral effects of varenicline and nicotine in rats.
Effects of varenicline on smoking cue–triggered neural and craving responses.
Nicotine increases neural response to unpleasant stimuli and anxiety in non-smokers.
Severity of dependence modulates smokers' neuronal cue reactivity and cigarette craving elicited by tobacco advertisement.
Activation of the caudal anterior cingulate cortex due to task-related interference in an auditory Stroop paradigm.
Alterations in conflict monitoring are related to functional connectivity in Parkinson's disease.
Altered resting state functional connectivity of anterior insula in young smokers.
Anterior cingulate cortex: an fMRI analysis of conflict specificity and functional differentiation.
Decomposing interference during Stroop performance into different conflict factors: an event-related fMRI study.
Distraction modulates connectivity of the cingulo-frontal cortex and the midbrain during pain--an fMRI analysis.
Functional subdivisions within anterior cingulate cortex and their relationship to autonomic nervous system function.
Linear increases in BOLD response associated with increasing proportion of incongruent trials across time in a colour Stroop task.
Task context and frontal lobe activation in the Stroop task.
Interactions between emotion and action in the brain
The structural and functional brain networks that support human social networks
Mapping effective connectivity within cortical networks with diffuse optical tomography
Decreased anticipated pleasure correlates with increased salience network resting state functional connectivity in adolescents with depressive symptomatology
When less is more: Thinner fronto-parietal cortices are associated with better forward digit span performance during early childhood.
Combined Evaluation of FDG-PET and MRI Improves Detection and Differentiation of Dementia
Altered functional connectivity of the amygdala in Crohn's disease.
The role of the right hemisphere for processing of social interactions in normal adults using functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Temporoparietal Junction Hypoactivity during Pain-Related Empathy Processing in Adolescents with Conduct Disorder
Narrative Organization Deficit in Lewy Body Disorders Is Related to Alzheimer Pathology
Vessel density mapping of small cerebral vessels on 3D high resolution black blood MRI
Hyperscanning of Interactive Juggling: Expertise Influence on Source Level Functional Connectivity
Noradrenergic alterations in Parkinson’s disease: a combined 11C-yohimbine PET/neuromelanin MRI study
Modality-Dependent Impact of Hallucinations on Low-Frequency Fluctuations in Schizophrenia.
Increased Hippocampus–Medial Prefrontal Cortex Resting-State Functional Connectivity and Memory Function after Tai Chi Chuan Practice in Elder Adults
Anatomical and Functional MRI Changes after One Year of Auditory Rehabilitation with Hearing Aids
Using fMRI and machine learning to predict symptom improvement following cognitive behavioural therapy for psychosis
Development of software for measuring brain amyloid accumulation using 18F‐florbetapir PET and calculating global Centiloid scale and regional Z‐score values
Brain activations associated with fearful experience show common and distinct patterns between younger and older adults in the hippocampus and the amygdala
Intrinsic cerebellar functional connectivity of social cognition and theory of mind in first-episode psychosis patients
Abnormal functional connectivity of the reward network is associated with social communication impairments in autism spectrum disorder: A large-scale multi-site resting-state fMRI study.
Resting State BOLD Variability in Alzheimer’s Disease: A Marker of Cognitive Decline or Cerebrovascular Status?
Diet-Induced Weight Loss Alters Functional Brain Responses during an Episodic Memory Task
Social-coalitional trait is related to coping capacity with mortality threat: association with leadership and a reduced parietal response to mortality salience
Alterations of Cerebral Blood Flow and Its Connectivity in Olfactory-Related Brain Regions of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Patients
Red for “Stop”: “Traffic-Light” Nutrition Labels Decrease Unhealthy Food Choices by Increasing Activity and Connectivity in the Frontal Lobe
Do Words Stink? Neural Reuse as a Principle for Understanding Emotions in Reading.
Differential brain mechanisms during reading human vs. machine translated fiction and news texts
Acute neural effects of fluoxetine on emotional regulation in depressed adolescents
Altered Language-Related Effective Connectivity in Patients with Benign Childhood Epilepsy with Centrotemporal Spikes
The relationship between microstructural alterations of the brain and clinical measurements in children and adolescents with hair pulling disorder.
"Circadian phenotype impacts the brain’s resting-state functional connectivity, attentional performance, and sleepiness"
Malignant progression in pleomorphic xanthoastrocytoma: personal experience and review of the literature.
Pharmacotherapy response and regional cerebral blood flow characteristics in patients with obsessive-compulsive disorder
Volumetric Prefrontal Cortex Alterations in Patients With Alcohol Dependence and the Involvement of Self-Control
Group Cognitive Behavior Therapy Reversed Insula Subregions Functional Connectivity in Asthmatic Patients
Neural Substrates of Social Emotion Regulation: A fMRI Study on Imitation and Expressive Suppression to Dynamic Facial Signals
Empathy-Related Brain Activity in Somatosensory Cortex Protects From Tactile Priming Effects: A Pilot Study
"A drop in cognitive performance, whodunit? Subjective mental fatigue, brain deactivation or increased parasympathetic activity? It's complicated!"
Autonomic responses to emotional linguistic stimuli and amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations predict outcome after severe brain injury
An fMRI Study of the Impact of Block Building and Board Games on Spatial Ability
Aberrant Functional Connectivity of the Posterior Cingulate Cortex in Type 2 Diabetes Without Cognitive Impairment and Microvascular Complications
Forgotten but not gone: FMRI evidence of implicit memory for negative stimuli 24 hours after the initial study episode.
Status epilepticus in children with Alpers' disease caused by POLG1 mutations: EEG and MRI features.
White-matter vascular lesions correlate with alpha EEG sources in mild cognitive impairment.
"Serum cortisol is negatively related to hippocampal volume, brain structure, and memory performance in healthy aging and Alzheimer’s disease"
"Dysregulated cerebral blood flow, rather than gray matter Volume, exhibits stronger correlations with blood inflammatory and lipid markers in depression"
Aberrant functioning of the theory-of-mind network in children and adolescents with autism
Abnormally decreased functional connectivity of the right nucleus basalis of Meynert in Alzheimer's disease patients with depression symptoms.
Atypical Functional Connectivity Associated with Autonomous Sensory Meridian Response: An Examination of Five Resting-State Networks
Functional correlates of cognitive performance and working memory in temporal lobe epilepsy: Insights from task-based and resting-state fMRI
Different Hemispheric Roles in Recognition of Happy Expressions
Neural correlates of semantic-driven syntactic parsing in sentence comprehension.
Neurogenetics of Dynamic Connectivity Patterns Associated With Obsessive-Compulsive Symptoms in Healthy Children
Altered Functional Connectivity during Mild Transient Respiratory Impairment Induced by a Resistive Load
A functional magnetic resonance imaging examination of audiovisual observation of a point-light string quartet using intersubject correlation and physical feature analysis
Dynamic intersubject neural synchronization reflects affective responses to sad music.
Conservative and liberal attitudes drive polarized neural responses to political content.
Shared understanding of narratives is correlated with shared neural responses.
When BOLD is thicker than water: processing social information about kin and friends at different levels of the social network.
Understanding the intentions behind man-made products elicits neural activity in  areas dedicated to mental state attribution.
What Impact does An Angry Context have Upon Us? The Effect of Anger on Functional Connectivity of the Right Insula and Superior Temporal Gyri.
Perceiving nonverbal behavior: neural correlates of processing movement fluency and contingency in dyadic interactions.
Beyond the memory mechanism: person-selective and nonselective processes in recognition of personally familiar faces.
Phonological memory in sign language relies on the visuomotor neural system outside the left hemisphere language network.
A neural signature of affiliative emotion in the human septohypothalamic area.
Social representations and contextual adjustments as two distinct components of the Theory of Mind brain network: Evidence from the REMICS task.
"Neural correlates of attributing causes to the self, another person and the situation."
Watching social interactions produces dorsomedial prefrontal and medial parietal  BOLD fMRI signal increases compared to a resting baseline.
Is the Medial Prefrontal Cortex Necessary for Theory of Mind?
Common brain regions with distinct patterns of neural responses during mentalizing about groups and individuals.
The superior temporal sulcus differentiates communicative and noncommunicative auditory signals.
Reach out and touch someone: anticipatory sensorimotor processes of active interpersonal touch.
Supramodal representation of emotions.
How pain empathy depends on ingroup/outgroup decisions: A functional magnet resonance imaging study.
Orbitofrontal Cortex Reactivity to Angry Facial Expression in a Social Interaction Correlates with Aggressive Behavior.
Contributions of self-report and performance-based individual differences measures of social cognitive ability to large-scale neural network functioning.
Self-construals moderate associations between trait creativity and social brain network.
How do we empathize with someone who is not like us? A functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Activations of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex and thalamus during agentic self-evaluation are negatively associated with trait self-esteem.
Seeing it my way or your way: frontoparietal brain areas sustain viewpoint-independent perspective selection processes.
Deeper Than You Think: Partisanship-Dependent Brain Responses in Early Sensory and Motor Brain Regions.
Contextual exclusion processing: an fMRI study of rejection in a performance-related context.
Value computations in ventral medial prefrontal cortex during charitable decision making incorporate input from regions involved in social cognition.
Know your place: neural processing of social hierarchy in humans.
Automatic and intentional brain responses during evaluation of trustworthiness of faces.
Investigating the functional anatomy of empathy and forgiveness.
Distinct representations of eye gaze and identity in the distributed human neural system for face perception.
Differences in Neural Response to Romantic Stimuli in Monogamous and Non-Monogamous Men.
The posterior superior temporal sulcus is involved in social communication not specific for the eyes.
How do you make me feel better? Social cognitive emotion regulation and the default mode network.
Facial Expression Enhances Emotion Perception Compared to Vocal Prosody: Behavioral and fMRI Studies.
Mirror neuron system differentially activated by facial expressions and social hand gestures: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Trying to trust: Brain activity during interpersonal social attitude change.
Perceiving social interactions in the posterior superior temporal sulcus.
The facilitative effect of gestures on the neural processing of semantic complexity in a continuous narrative.
External motivation to avoid prejudice alters neural responses to targets varying in race and status.
Deciphering human motion to discriminate social interactions: a developmental neuroimaging study.
The neural basis of conceptualizing the same action at different levels of abstraction.
Brain mechanisms for processing affective touch.
Friend or foe? Brain systems involved in the perception of dynamic signals of menacing and friendly social approaches.
Orbitofrontal cortex and anterior cingulate cortex are modulated by motivated social cognition.
Frontal operculum temporal difference signals and social motor response learning.
From mind to matter: neural correlates of abstract and concrete mindsets.
Neural basis of disgust perception in racial prejudice.
Tablet-Based Functional MRI of the Trail Making Test: Effect of Tablet Interaction Mode.
Neural signatures of Trail Making Test performance: Evidence from lesion-mapping  and neuroimaging studies.
Down-regulation of amygdala response to infant crying: A role for distraction in maternal emotion regulation.
Cerebral processing of histamine-induced itch using short-term alternating temperature modulation--an FMRI study.
Distinct patterns of brain activity evoked by histamine-induced itch reveal an association with itch intensity and disease severity in atopic dermatitis
Time course of activity in itch-related brain regions: a combined MEG-fMRI study.
Enhanced neural activation with blueberry supplementation in mild cognitive impairment.
Diffusion indices on magnetic resonance imaging and neuropsychological performance in amnestic mild cognitive impairment.
Maternal sensitivity and the empathic brain: Influences of early life maltreatment
Cerebral gray matter volumes and low-frequency fluctuation of BOLD signals in cocaine dependence: duration of use and gender difference.
Inter-subject correlation of temporoparietal junction activity is associated with conflict patterns during flexible decision-making.
Inferior parietal lobule and early visual areas support elicitation of individualized meanings during narrative listening.
They Saw a Debate: Political Polarization Is Associated with Greater Multivariate Neural Synchrony When Viewing the Opposing Candidate Speak.
"Same Story, Different Story."
Neural synchronization predicts marital satisfaction.
Seeing Social: A Neural Signature for Conscious Perception of Social Interactions.
Similar neural responses predict friendship.
Emotions amplify speaker-listener neural alignment.
Intolerance of uncertainty modulates brain-to-brain synchrony during politically polarized perception.
Trait paranoia shapes inter-subject synchrony in brain activity during an ambiguous social narrative.
Contextual alignment of cognitive and neural dynamics.
Out-of-sync: disrupted neural activity in emotional circuitry during film viewing in melancholic depression.
Individualized psychiatric imaging based on inter-subject neural synchronization in movie watching.
Maternal brain response to own baby-cry is affected by cesarean section delivery.
Mothers Who Were Neglected in Childhood Show Differences in Neural Response to Their Infant's Cry.
"Breastfeeding, brain activation to own infant cry, and maternal sensitivity."
A role for midcingulate cortex in the interruptive effects of pain anticipation on attention
Distinctive Interaction Between Cognitive Networks and the Visual Cortex in Early Blind Individuals.
Longitudinal structure-function correlates in elderly reveal MTL dysfunction with cognitive decline.
Age-related differences in cortical recruitment and suppression: implications for cognitive performance.
A meta-analytical review of brain activity associated with intertemporal decisions: Evidence for an anterior-posterior tangibility axis.
A common prefrontal-parietal network for mnemonic and mathematical recoding strategies within working memory.
Cerebellar - Premotor cortex interactions underlying visuomotor adaptation.
Getting to grips with endoscopy - Learning endoscopic surgical skills induces bi-hemispheric plasticity of the grasping network.
Regional brain activation associated with different performance patterns during learning of a complex motor skill.
A computational morphometric MRI study of schizophrenia: effects of hallucinations.
Aberrant Resting-State Functional Connectivity in the Salience Network of Adolescent Chronic Fatigue Syndrome.
Parent-child intervention decreases stress and increases maternal brain activity and connectivity during own baby-cry: An exploratory study.
Abnormal Resting-State Functional Connectivity in Patients with Chronic Fatigue Syndrome: Results of Seed and Data-Driven Analyses
Acupuncture Evoked Response in Contralateral Somatosensory Cortex Reflects Peripheral Nerve Pathology of Carpal Tunnel Syndrome
Acute stress contributes to individual differences in pain and pain-related brain activity in healthy and chronic pain patients.
Aftermath of sexual abuse history on adult patients suffering from chronic functional pain syndromes: An fMRI pilot study
Alterations in regional homogeneity of resting-state cerebral activity in patients with chronic prostatitis/chronic pelvic pain syndrome.
Altered cerebral response to noxious heat stimulation in patients with somatoform pain disorder.
Beating pain with psychedelics: Matter over mind?
Brain activity for visual judgment of lifted weight
Trait coping styles and the maternal neural and behavioral sensitivity to an infant.
Neurobiology of culturally common maternal responses to infant cry.
Increased functional connectivity supports language performance in healthy aging despite gray matter loss.
Microstructural changes of the nucleus accumbens due to increase of estradiol level during menstrual cycle contribute to recurrent manic episodes--a single case study.
Unbalanced amygdala communication in major depressive disorder.
Development of regional brain gray matter volume across the first 13 years of life is associated with childhood math computation ability for children born very preterm and full term.
The neural correlates underlying the regulation of anticipation on regret.
An fMRI-study on single-sided deafness: Spectral-temporal properties and side of stimulation modulates hemispheric dominance.
Effects of a neurodevelopmental genes based polygenic risk score for schizophrenia and single gene variants on brain structure in non-clinical subjects: A preliminary report.
Clinical and neurostructural characteristics among youth with familial and non-familial bipolar disorder: Family history and youth bipolar disorder.
Test-retest reliability of emotion regulation networks using fMRI at ultra-high magnetic field.
Functional connectivity of the left inferior frontal gyrus during semantic priming.
Abnormal functional connectivity based on nodes of the default mode network in first-episode drug-naive early-onset schizophrenia.
Isolated focal dystonia phenotypes are associated with distinct patterns of altered microstructure.
Dorsal posterior cingulate cortex responds to negative feedback information supporting learning and relearning of response policies.
Relationship between white matter glucose metabolism and fractional anisotropy in healthy and schizophrenia subjects.
Behavioral and neural representation of expected reward and risk.
Enhanced left superior parietal activation during successful speech production in patients with left dorsal striatal damage and error-prone neurotypical participants.
Sleep apnea: Altered brain connectivity underlying a working-memory challenge.
The role of the PMd in task complexity: functional connectivity is modulated by motor learning and age.
The effects of the functional interplay between the Default Mode and Executive Control Resting State Networks on cognitive outcome in preterm born infants at 6 months of age.
"Segregation, connectivity, and gradients of deactivation in neural correlates of evidence in social decision making."
Resting-state connectivity reveals a role for sensorimotor systems in vocal emotional processing in children.
Cortical thickness abnormalities in patients with post-traumatic stress disorder: A vertex-based meta-analysis.
Prefrontal cortex activation during cognitive interference in nonsuicidal self-injury.
Stimulus-specific information is represented as local activity patterns across the brain.
The functional connectivity predictor of therapeutic effect of continuous theta burst stimulation on obsessive-compulsive disorder: A preliminary study.
"Coin, telephone, and handcuffs: Neural correlates of social knowledge of inanimate objects."
White matter microstructural abnormalities and gray matter volume alterations in obsessive-compulsive disorder: A coordinate-based meta-analysis.
Prefrontal engagement during sequential manual actions in children at early adolescence compared with adults.
Decreased functional connectivity in patients with major depressive disorder and a history of childhood traumatization through experiences of abuse.
Developmental Maturation of the Precuneus as a Functional Core of the Default Mode Network.
Functional and structural neural alterations in Internet gaming disorder: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Functional and Structural Brain Correlates of Socioeconomic Status.
Neurite density imaging versus imaging of microscopic anisotropy in diffusion MRI: A model comparison using spherical tensor encoding.
Altered brain functional connectivity and correlation with psychological status in patients with unilateral pulsatile tinnitus.
Neurobiological evidence of sexual dimorphism in limbic circuitry of US Veterans.
"Cerebral blood flow changes after a day of wake, sleep, and sleep deprivation."
Anticipating the good and the bad: A study on the neural correlates of bivalent emotion anticipation and their malleability via attentional deployment.
SpinDoctor: A MATLAB toolbox for diffusion MRI simulation.
Cerebellar dentate nucleus functional connectivity with cerebral cortex in Alzheimer's disease and memory: a seed-based approach.
Resting state functional connectivity underlying musical creativity.
White matter microstructural abnormalities and their association with anticipatory anhedonia in depression.
Structural and functional abnormality of the putamen in children with developmental dyslexia.
Increased pSTS activity and decreased pSTS-mPFC connectivity when processing negative social interactions.
Brain structures associated with eating behaviors in normal-weight young females.
"Temporal profile of magnetic resonance angiography and decreased ratio of regulatory T cells after immunological adjuvant administration to mice lacking RNF213, a susceptibility gene for moyamoya disease."
Disrupted hemispheric connectivity specialization in patients with major depressive disorder: Evidence from the REST-meta-MDD Project.
Clinical correlates of hippocampus volume and shape in antipsychotic-naïve schizophrenia.
Improved balance performance accompanied by structural plasticity in blind adults after training.
Meta-analysis of functional neuroimaging and dispositional variables for clinical empathy.
Beyond the word and image: II- Structural and functional connectivity of a common semantic system.
Brain response to intranasal trimethylamine stimulation: A preliminary human fMRI study.
Neural dynamics of pain expression processing: Alpha-band synchronization to same-race pain but desynchronization to other-race pain.
"Emotion Regulation in Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder, Unaffected Siblings, and Unrelated Healthy Control Participants."
Age-related differences in the activation of the mentalizing- and reward-related brain regions during the learning of others' true trustworthiness.
The neural mediators of moral attitudes and behaviors.
Associations of regional GABA and glutamate with intrinsic and extrinsic neural activity in humans—a review of multimodal imaging studies.
Reduced white matter integrity in borderline personality disorder: A diffusion tensor imaging study.
Depression mediated the relationships between precentral-subcortical causal links and motor recovery in spinal cord injury patients.
When morality opposes the law: An fMRI investigation into punishment judgments for crimes with good intentions.
Structural and functional changes in drug-naïve benign childhood epilepsy with centrotemporal spikes and their associated gene expression profiles.
Where words and space collide: The overlapping neural activation of lexical and sublexical reading with voluntary and reflexive spatial attention.
Convergent creative thinking performance is associated with white matter structures: Evidence from a large sample study.
Prospective study on microstructure in medication-naïve adolescents with first-episode major depressive disorder.
Pointing fingers at others: The neural correlates of actor-observer asymmetry in blame attribution.
Anxiety in Parkinson's disease is associated with reduced structural covariance of the striatum.
All-Resolutions Inference for brain imaging.
Sex difference in neural responses to gaming cues in Internet gaming disorder: Implications for why males are more vulnerable to cue-induced cravings than females.
Brain networks for engaging oneself in positive-social emotion regulation.
Neurological soft signs (NSS) and gray matter volume (GMV) in first-episode psychosis: An analysis of NSS motor subscores.
Mapping cortical surface features in treatment resistant schizophrenia with in vivo structural MRI.
The role of the thalamus in schizophrenia from a neuroimaging perspective.
Subcortical contributions to salience network functioning during negative emotional processing.
Poorer sleep health is associated with altered brain activation during cognitive control processing in healthy adults.
Reward modality modulates striatal responses to reward anticipation in ADHD: Effects of affiliative and food stimuli.
Identifying and characterizing projections from the subthalamic nucleus to the cerebellum in humans.
NaN
Domain-general and domain-specific computations in single word processing.
Chasing probabilities - Signaling negative and positive prediction errors across domains.
Subgoal- and Goal-related Reward Prediction Errors in Medial Prefrontal Cortex.
Cerebral and behavioural response to human voices is mediated by sex and sexual orientation.
Testing the distributed representation hypothesis in object recognition in two open datasets.
Evidence of functional abnormalities in the default mode network in bipolar depression: A coordinate-based activation likelihood estimation meta-analysis.
Exercise-induced neuroplasticity: Balance training increases cortical thickness in visual and vestibular cortical regions.
High-level Integrative Networks: A Resting-state fMRI Investigation of Reading and Spelling.
Distinct functional roles of the mirror neuron system and the mentalizing system.
Alterations of brain volumes in women with early life maltreatment and their associations with oxytocin.
Structural and functional MRI correlates of inflammation in bipolar disorder: A systematic review.
Greater activation of the response inhibition network in females compared to males during stop signal task performance.
Altered functional connectivity in patients with subcortical ischemic vascular disease: A resting-state fMRI study.
Resting-state effective connectivity in the motive circuit of methamphetamine users: A case controlled fMRI study.
Glutamate and functional connectivity - support for the excitatory-inhibitory imbalance hypothesis in autism spectrum disorders.
Midlife memory ability accounts for brain activity differences in healthy aging.
The preference for future outcomes correlates with the temporal variability of functional connectivity among brain regions.
Examination of common and unique brain regions for atypical reading and math: a meta-analysis.
"Reduced connectivity in anterior cingulate cortex as an early predictor for treatment response in drug-naive, first-episode schizophrenia: A global-brain functional connectivity analysis."
Brain structure and trait impulsivity: A comparative VBM study contrasting neural correlates of traditional and alternative concepts in healthy subjects.
Laugh or cringe? Common and distinct processes of reward-based schadenfreude and empathy-based fremdscham.
Meta-Analysis of white matter diffusion tensor imaging alterations in borderline personality disorder.
Sex-dependent multimodal response profiles to psychosocial stress.
Superior emotional regulating effects of creative cognitive reappraisal.
Shaping the risk for late-life neurodegenerative disease: A systematic review on prenatal risk factors for Alzheimer's disease-related volumetric brain biomarkers.
Associations between brain structural networks and neurological soft signs in healthy adults.
Modulatory effects of cognitive exertion on regional functional connectivity of the salience network in women with ME/CFS: A pilot study.
A voxel-based meta-analysis comparing medication-naive patients of major depression with treated longer-term ill cases.
Long-chain omega-3 fatty acids improve brain function and structure in older adults.
Computing distance information from landmarks and self-motion cues - Differential contributions of anterior-lateral vs. posterior-medial entorhinal cortex in humans.
Stairways to the brain: Transcutaneous spinal direct current stimulation (tsDCS) modulates a cerebellar-cortical network enhancing verb recovery.
Disentangling the molecular mechanisms of multiple sclerosis: The contribution of twin studies.
Convergence of BOLD and ERP measures of neural reactivity to emotional faces in children and adolescents with and without anxiety disorders.
Manic and euthymic states in pediatric bipolar disorder patients during an emotional Go/Nogo task: A functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Emotion introspection and regulation in depression.
Dissociating refreshing and elaboration and their impacts on memory.
Defining the neural correlates of spontaneous theory of mind (ToM): An fMRI multi-study investigation.
Male brain processing of the body odor of ovulating women compared to that of pregnant women.
A meta-analysis of fMRI studies of language comprehension in children.
Analysis of white matter characteristics with tract-based spatial statistics according to diffusion tensor imaging in early Parkinson's disease.
Parkinson's disease and local atrophy in subcortical nuclei: insight from shape analysis.
Alterations to the attention system in adults with tinnitus are modality specific.
Functional Connectivity of Corticostriatal Circuitry and Psychosis-like Experiences in the General Community.
Smell training improves olfactory function and alters brain structure.
Plasticity in brain activity dynamics after task-shifting training in older adults.
"Same words, different structures: An fMRI investigation of argument relations and the angular gyrus."
Do blind people hear better?
Increased insula response to interoceptive attention following mindfulness training is associated with increased body trusting among patients with depression.
Self-labelled encoder-decoder (SLED) for multi-echo gradient echo-based myelin water imaging.
Abnormal amplitude of spontaneous low-frequency fluctuation in children with growth hormone deficiency: A resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Brain dynamics and connectivity networks under natural auditory stimulation.
Brain metabolic correlates of Locus Coeruleus degeneration in Alzheimer's disease: a multimodal neuroimaging study.
Development of brain networks and relevance of environmental and genetic factors: A systematic review.
Abnormal brain activation during threatening face processing in schizophrenia: A meta-analysis of functional neuroimaging studies.
Disrupted network switching in euthymic bipolar disorder: Working memory and self-referential paradigms.
The inhibition of automatic imitation: A meta-analysis and synthesis of fMRI studies.
"Reduced white matter integrity and its correlation with clinical symptom in first-episode, treatment-naive generalized anxiety disorder."
Common and Distinct Neural Patterns of Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder and Borderline Personality Disorder: A Multimodal Functional and Structural Meta-analysis.
Physical exercise rectifies CUMS-induced aberrant regional homogeneity in mice accompanied by the adjustment of skeletal muscle PGC-1a/IDO1 signals and hippocampal function.
Aberrant voxel-based degree centrality in Parkinson's disease patients with mild cognitive impairment.
Amygdala Activation and Connectivity to Emotional Processing Distinguishes Asymptomatic Patients With Bipolar Disorders and Unipolar Depression.
Progressive brain structural changes after the first year of treatment in first-episode treatment-naive patients with deficit or nondeficit schizophrenia.
The association between visual creativity and cortical thickness in healthy adults.
"Reproducibility of functional brain alterations in major depressive disorder: Evidence from a multisite resting-state functional MRI study with 1,434 individuals."
Altered functional connectivity in children with ADHD while performing cognitive control task.
Failure of deactivation in bipolar disorder during performance of an fMRI adapted version of the Stroop task.
Genetic variations in DOCK4 contribute to schizophrenia susceptibility in a Chinese cohort: A genetic neuroimaging study.
Frontolimbic Morphometric Abnormalities in Intermittent Explosive Disorder and Aggression.
Brain correlates of adult attachment style: A voxel-based morphometry study.
Reduced functional connectivity supports statistical learning of temporally distributed regularities.
Neural Correlates of Interpersonal Space Permeability and Flexibility in Autism Spectrum Disorder.
Functional imaging of brain responses to pain. A review and meta-analysis (2000).
Impact of childhood trauma on the abnormal functional connectivity of brain regions in the fear network model of panic disorder.
Sleep Spindle-dependent Functional Connectivity Correlates with Cognitive Abilities.
"Analysis of voxel-mirrored homotopic connectivity in medication-free, current major depressive disorder."
The neural underpinnings of allocentric thinking in a novel signaling task.
The impact of depressive comorbidity on neural plasticity following cognitive-behavioral therapy in panic disorder with agoraphobia.
Characterization of cortical and subcortical abnormalities in drug-naive boys with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.
The neural correlates of mental fatigue and reward processing: A task-based fMRI study.
Altered dynamic global signal topography in antipsychotic-naive adolescents with early-onset schizophrenia.
Trait and state anxiety is marked by increased working memory-related parietal BOLD signal.
The behavioral and neural basis of foreign language effect on risk-taking.
Individual differences in local gray and white matter volumes reflect differences in temperament and character: a voxel-based morphometry study in healthy young females.
"The relation between gray matter volume and the use of alcohol, tobacco, cocaine and cannabis in male polysubstance users."
Functionally Separable Font-invariant and Font-sensitive Neural Populations in Occipitotemporal Cortex.
Disrupted amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations and causal connectivity in Parkinson's disease with apathy.
Optimal DSI reconstruction parameter recommendations: Better ODFs and better connectivity.
Brain structural alterations in pediatric bipolar disorder patients with and without psychotic symptoms.
Association between schizophrenia polygenic risk and neural correlates of emotion perception.
Bingham-NODDI: Mapping anisotropic orientation dispersion of neurites using diffusion MRI.
From visual to motor strategies: Training in mental rotation of hands.
Resting state fMRI reveals the altered synchronization of BOLD signals in essential tremor.
Increased prefrontal cortex connectivity associated with depression vulnerability and relapse.
Association between gray matter volume in the caudate nucleus and financial extravagance: findings from voxel-based morphometry.
Alterations of neurometabolism in the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex and thalamus in transition to psychosis patients change under treatment as usual - A two years follow-up H/P-MR-spectroscopy study.
Cognitive behavioral therapy may rehabilitate abnormally functional communication pattern among the triple-network in major depressive disorder: A follow-up study.
Effects of sex hormone treatment on white matter microstructure in individuals with gender dysphoria.
Abnormal functional connectivity density in patients with major depressive disorder with comorbid insomnia.
Correlates of intelligence via resting-state functional connectivity of the amygdala in healthy adults.
Task-related functional magnetic resonance imaging activations in patients with acute and subacute mild traumatic brain injury: A coordinate-based meta-analysis.
Altered regional homogeneity in patients with somatic depression: A resting-state fMRI study.
The neuropsychology of first impressions: Evidence from Huntington's disease.
Inter-subject P300 variability relates to the efficiency of brain networks reconfigured from resting- to task-state: Evidence from a simultaneous event-related EEG-fMRI study.
Reward Processing in Psychiatric Inpatients With Depression.
Cerebral cortical thickness in patients with type 2 diabetes.
Neural Mechanisms of Memory Enhancement and Impairment Induced by Visual Statistical Learning.
TMS demonstrates that both right and left superior temporal sulci are important for facial expression recognition.
Turning a cylindrical treadmill with feet: An MR-compatible device for assessment of the neural correlates of lower-limb movement.
A study of regional homogeneity of resting-state Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging in mild cognitive impairment.
Hyperthymic temperament predicts neural responsiveness for monetary reward.
A combination of support vector machine and voxel-based morphometry in adult male alcohol use disorder patients with cognitive deficits.
Altered topographical organization of grey matter structural network in early-onset schizophrenia.
Neural Correlates of Subsequent Memory-Related Gaze Reinstatement.
Representation of associative and affective semantic similarity of abstract words in the lateral temporal perisylvian language regions.
Effective Connectivity of Functionally Anticorrelated Networks Under Lysergic Acid Diethylamide.
Cortical sources of EEG rhythms in congestive heart failure and Alzheimer's disease.
Investigation of the emotional network in depression after stroke: A study of multivariate Granger causality analysis of fMRI data.
Neural circuits of idiopathic Normal Pressure Hydrocephalus: A perspective review of brain connectivity and symptoms meta-analysis.
The neural basis of gambling disorder: An activation likelihood estimation meta-analysis.
Neurofilaments light: Possible biomarker of brain modifications in bipolar disorder.
Phonological Feature Repetition Suppression in the Left Inferior Frontal Gyrus.
Human cortical connectome reconstruction from diffusion weighted MRI: the effect of tractography algorithm.
A neural substrate of early response capture during conflict tasks in sensory areas.
An integrative model of network activity during episodic memory retrieval and a meta-analysis of fMRI studies on source memory retrieval.
Structural and functional abnormalities in Parkinson's disease based on voxel-based morphometry and resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Involvement of human left frontoparietal cortices in neural processes associated with task-switching between two sequences of skilled finger movements.
Predictive perception of self-generated movements: Commonalities and differences in the neural processing of tool and hand actions.
Altered Cortical Gyrification in Adults Who Were Born Very Preterm and Its Associations With Cognition and Mental Health.
Positive representation of relational self-esteem versus personal self-esteem in Chinese with interdependent self-construal.
Brain network dynamics during spontaneous strategy shifts and incremental task optimization.
Neural Mechanism Underlying the Sleep Deprivation-Induced Abnormal Bistable Perception.
Assessment of the upper motor neuron in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Effective connectivity within the ventromedial prefrontal cortex-hippocampus-amygdala network during the elaboration of emotional autobiographical memories.
Hemispheric asymmetry and homotopy of resting state functional connectivity correlate with visuospatial abilities in school-age children.
Aberrant dynamic functional connectivity in corticostriatal circuitry in depressed bipolar II disorder with recent suicide attempt.
The neural basis of effort valuation: A meta-analysis of functional magnetic resonance imaging studies.
Exploring adolescent cognitive control in a combined interference switching task.
Functional disconnectivity of the hippocampal network and neural correlates of memory impairment in treatment-resistant depression.
Frontolimbic brain volume abnormalities in bipolar disorder with suicide attempts.
Differential parietal activations for spatial remapping and saccadic control in a visual memory task.
Adaptive Reconfiguration of Intrinsic Community Structure in Children with 5-Year Abacus Training.
Central Autonomic Network Alterations in Anorexia Nervosa Following Peripheral Adrenergic Stimulation.
Cerebral differences between dopamine-resistant and dopamine-responsive Parkinson's tremor.
Attention control processes that prioritise task execution may come at the expense of incidental memory encoding.
Structural abnormality of the hippocampus associated with depressive symptoms in heart failure rats.
Habenular connectivity may predict treatment response in depressed psychiatric inpatients.
Altered regional and integrated resting-state brain activity in general social anxiety disorder patients before and after group cognitive behavior therapy.
Network functional connectivity analysis in individuals at ultrahigh risk for psychosis and patients with schizophrenia.
Reductions in perceived stress following Transcendental Meditation practice are associated with increased brain regional connectivity at rest.
Altered cerebellar gray matter and cerebellar-cortex resting-state functional connectivity in patients with bipolar disorder Ⅰ.
Altered resting-state functional connectivity in depressive disorder patients with suicidal attempts.
The neurobiology of prefrontal transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) in promoting brain plasticity: A systematic review and meta-analyses of human and rodent studies.
Neural correlates of dynamic emotion perception in schizophrenia and the influence of prior expectations.
"Frequency-specific alterations of the frontal-cerebellar circuit in first-episode, drug-naive somatization disorder."
Physically active life style is associated with increased grey matter brain volume in a medial parieto-frontal network.
Combined TMS-fMRI reveals behavior-dependent network effects of right temporoparietal junction neurostimulation in an attentional belief updating task.
Stable inhibition-related inferior frontal hypoactivation and fronto-limbic hyperconnectivity in obsessive-compulsive disorder after concentrated exposure therapy.
Linking individual variability in functional brain connectivity to polygenic risk in major depressive disorder.
A framework for brain tumor detection based on segmentation and features fusion using MRI images.
Disruption of Regional Brain Activity and Functional Connectivity in Patients with Asymptomatic Vulnerable Carotid Plaque.
Age-related differences in problem-solving skills: Reduced benefit of sleep for memory trace consolidation.
Ibuprofen treatment modifies cortical sources of EEG rhythms in mild Alzheimer's disease.
Disentangling Mathematics from Executive Functions by Investigating Unique Functional Connectivity Patterns Predictive of Mathematics Ability.
Imbalance in functional and structural connectivity underlying goal-directed and habitual learning systems in obsessive-compulsive disorder.
BOLD-fMRI reveals the association between renal oxygenation and functional connectivity in the aging brain.
Speech processing and plasticity in the right hemisphere predict variation in adult foreign language learning.
Default mode network subsystem alterations in bipolar disorder during major depressive episode.
Altered intrinsic cerebellar-cerebral functional connectivity is related to negative symptoms in patients with first-episode psychosis.
Static and dynamic functional connectivity of the prefrontal cortex during resting-state predicts self-serving bias in depression.
GAMER MRI: Gated-attention mechanism ranking of multi-contrast MRI in brain pathology.
Incidental Verbal Semantic Processing Recruits the Fronto-temporal Semantic Control Network.
"Frontal white matter abnormalities reveal the pathological basis underlying negative symptoms in antipsychotic-naïve, first-episode patients with adolescent-onset schizophrenia: Evidence from multimodal brain imaging."
Structural abnormalities associated with poor outcome of a major depressive episode: The role of thalamus.
Pain processing in older adults with dementia-related cognitive impairment is associated with frontal neurodegeneration.
Neural correlates of doubt in decision-making.
Altered resting-state functional connectivity of the insula in individuals with clinical high-risk and patients with first-episode schizophrenia.
White matter integrity in hair-pulling disorder (trichotillomania).
Structural connectivity of visuotopic intraparietal sulcus.
White matter integrity differences in obesity: A meta-analysis of diffusion tensor imaging studies.
Context-dependent dynamic functional connectivity alteration of lateral occipital cortex in schizophrenia.
Frontal white matter alterations are associated with executive cognitive function in euthymic bipolar patients.
Structural brain correlates of dementia in Huntington's disease.
Different patterns of cortical activity in females and males during spatial long-term memory.
Analytic tractography: A closed-form solution for estimating local white matter connectivity with diffusion MRI.
Structural and functional neuroimaging changes associated with cognitive impairment and dementia in Parkinson's disease.
Effects of risperidone monotherapy on the default-mode network in antipsychotic-naïve first-episode schizophrenia: Posteromedial cortex heterogeneity and relationship with the symptom improvements.
"Cortical thickness, local gyrification index and fractal dimensionality in people with acute and recovered Anorexia Nervosa and in people with Bulimia Nervosa."
Brain structural differences in monozygotic twins discordant for body mass index.
Gender identity better than sex explains individual differences in episodic and semantic components of autobiographical memory: An fMRI study.
Gray and white matter changes and their relation to illness trajectory in first episode psychosis.
Following Forrest Gump: Smooth pursuit related brain activation during free movie viewing.
Neurovascular alterations in bipolar disorder: A review of perfusion weighted magnetic resonance imaging studies.
Abnormal fear circuits activities correlated to physical symptoms in somatic anxiety patients.
Aggression modulates neural correlates of hostile intention attribution to laughter in children.
Pilot study of food-specific go/no-go training for overweight individuals: brain imaging data suggest inhibition shapes food evaluation.
Neural Basis of the Implicit Learning of Complex Artificial Grammar with Nonadjacent Dependencies.
Brain activity sensitive to visual congruency effects relates to divergent thinking.
An Integrated Analysis of Neural Network Correlates of Categorical and Dimensional Models of Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder.
Developmental Differences Between the Limbic and Neocortical Telencephalic Wall: An Intrasubject Slice-Matched 3 T MRI-Histological Correlative Study in Humans.
Exploring the neuromechanism of chronic ephedrine addiction in rhesus monkeys: A behavioural and brain resting-state fMRI study.
Perceptual decisions regarding object manipulation are selectively impaired in apraxia or when tDCS is applied over the left IPL.
The brain signature of emerging reading in two contrasting languages.
Mild Inflammation in Healthy Males Induces Fatigue Mediated by Changes in Effective Connectivity Within the Insula.
Electroconvulsive therapy modulates grey matter increase in a hub of an affect processing network.
Subjective reward value of visual sexual stimuli is coded in human striatum and orbitofrontal cortex.
Human subsystems of medial temporal lobes extend locally to amygdala nuclei and globally to an allostatic-interoceptive system.
Degrees of lateralisation in semantic cognition: Evidence from intrinsic connectivity.
Altered frontoparietal connectivity in patients with obsessive-compulsive disorder during an fMRI cognitive reappraisal task.
Altered structural connectivity is related to attention deficit/hyperactivity subtypes: A DTI study.
Dynamic Transitions between Neural States Are Associated with Flexible Task Switching during a Memory Task.
Correlation of proinflammatory cytokines levels and reduced gray matter volumes between patients with bipolar disorder and unipolar depression.
Brain activity for spontaneous and explicit mentalizing in adults with autism spectrum disorder: An fMRI study.
The neural correlates of visual imagery: A co-ordinate-based meta-analysis.
Emotion processing in depression with and without comorbid anxiety disorder.
Analysis of longitudinal diffusion-weighted images in healthy and pathological aging: An ADNI study.
Cognitive flexibility: neurobehavioral correlates of changing one's mind.
Nonlinear Effects of Dopamine D1 Receptor Activation on Visuomotor Coordination Task Performance.
Processing Speech and Thoughts during Silent Reading: Direct Reference Effects for Speech by Fictional Characters in Voice-Selective Auditory Cortex and a Theory-of-Mind Network.
Connectome-based models can predict early symptom improvement in major depressive disorder.
Differential involvement of left prefrontal cortex in inductive and deductive reasoning.
Functional connectivity of the ventral tegmental area and avolition in subjects with schizophrenia: a resting state functional MRI study.
Fractionating adaptive learning: A meta-analysis of the reversal learning paradigm.
Gray matter changes in panic disorder: A voxel-based meta-analysis and meta-analytic connectivity modeling.
Structural brain imaging abnormalities correlate with positive symptom in schizophrenia.
Correlation between regional brain volume and olfactory function in very mild amnestic patients.
Pattern of brain atrophy in elderly patients with depression revealed by voxel-based morphometry.
The long-range white matter microstructural alterations in drug-naive children with ADHD: A tract-based spatial statistics study.
The concurrent disturbance of dynamic functional and structural brain connectome in major depressive disorder: the prefronto-insular pathway.
How Does Motivation Modulate the Operation of the Mentalizing Network in Person Evaluation?
Modelling cognitive loads in schizophrenia by means of new functional dynamic indexes.
Disrupted functional connectivity of the primary auditory cortex in autism.
Olfactory loss is associated with reduced hippocampal activation in response to emotional pictures.
"Regional hypothalamic, amygdala, and midbrain periaqueductal gray matter recruitment during acute pain in awake humans: A 7-Tesla functional magnetic resonance imaging study."
Source-reconstruction of the sensorimotor network from resting-state macaque electrocorticography.
A systematic review on the potential use of machine learning to classify major depressive disorder from healthy controls using resting state fMRI measures.
Meta-analytic evidence of differential prefrontal and early sensory cortex activity during non-social sensory perception in autism.
The neural bases of price estimation: Effects of size and precision of the estimate.
Psychophysiological and Neural Support for Enhanced Emotional Reactivity in Female Adolescents With Nonsuicidal Self-injury.
"Reliability and similarity of resting state functional connectivity networks imaged using wearable, high-density diffuse optical tomography in the home setting."
Shared and distinct structure-function substrates of heterogenous distractor suppression ability between high and low working memory capacity individuals.
Behavioral and neural correlates of memory suppression in subthreshold depression.
Effect of high-definition transcranial direct current stimulation on improving depression and modulating functional activity in emotion-related cortical-subcortical regions in bipolar depression.
Brain network interactions in transgender individuals with gender incongruence.
Genotype-phenotype correlations of cysteine replacement in CADASIL.
Subthreshold depression may exist on a spectrum with major depressive disorder: Evidence from gray matter volume and morphological brain network.
The neural substrates of the problem size and interference effect in children's multiplication: An fMRI study.
Anatomical deficits in adult posttraumatic stress disorder: a meta-analysis of voxel-based morphometry studies.
"Idiopathic normal-pressure hydrocephalus, cortical thinning, and the cerebrospinal fluid tap test."
Patch tensor decomposition and non-local means filter-based hybrid ASL image denoising.
Functional coupling of the orbitofrontal cortex and the basolateral amygdala mediates the association between spontaneous reappraisal and emotional response.
Reduced spontaneous perspective taking in schizophrenia.
Resting-state Functional Connectivity of the Right Temporoparietal Junction Relates to Belief Updating and Reorienting during Spatial Attention.
Relationship between resting-state theta phase-gamma amplitude coupling and neurocognitive functioning in patients with first-episode psychosis.
Cognitive and hormonal regulation of appetite for food presented in the olfactory and visual modalities.
Time and psychostimulants: Opposing long-term structural effects in the adult ADHD brain. A longitudinal MR study.
Source reconstruction based on subdural EEG recordings adds to the presurgical evaluation in refractory frontal lobe epilepsy.
Effects of low- and high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on long-latency auditory evoked potentials.
Abnormal functional network of the thalamic subregions in adult patients with obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Structural neuroimaging correlates of allelic variation of the BDNF val66met polymorphism.
Hierarchical Action Encoding Within the Human Brain.
"Time ambiguity during intertemporal decision-making is aversive, impacting choice and neural value coding."
Impaired context-sensitive adjustment of behaviour in Parkinson's disease patients tested on and off medication: An fMRI study.
Individual Differences in the Neural Dynamics of Response Inhibition.
Microscopic diffusion anisotropy in the human brain: Age-related changes.
The human cerebellum in reward anticipation and outcome processing: An activation likelihood estimation meta-analysis.
Predicting the severity of internet gaming disorder with resting-state brain features: A multi-voxel pattern analysis.
Common and distinct neurofunctional representations of core and social disgust in the brain: Coordinate-based and network meta-analyses.
Neural network for Braille reading and the speech-reading convergence in the blind: Similarities and differences to visual reading.
Characterization of the blood-oxygen level-dependent (BOLD) response in cat auditory cortex using high-field fMRI.
Modeling Brain Dysconnectivity in Rodents.
"""I Spy with my Little Eye, Something that is a Face…"": A Brain Network for Illusory Face Detection."
Response to SSRI intervention and amygdala activity during self-referential processing in major depressive disorder.
Gaming-addicted teens identify more with their cyber-self than their own self: Neural evidence.
Subjective Uncontrollability over Aversive Events Reduces Working Memory Performance and Related Large-Scale Network Interactions.
Limited microstructural and connectivity deficits despite subcortical volume reductions in school-aged children born preterm with very low birth weight.
Correlation between cognitive deficits and dorsolateral prefrontal cortex functional connectivity in first-episode depression.
Pictures of preterm infants elicit increased affective responses and reduced reward-motivation or perspective taking in the maternal brain.
Early cortical surface plasticity relates to basic mathematical learning.
Self-control and interoception: Linking the neural substrates of craving regulation and the prediction of aversive interoceptive states induced by inspiratory breathing restriction.
Shared and distinct changes in local dynamic functional connectivity patterns in major depressive and bipolar depressive disorders.
Voxelwise meta-analysis of gray matter anomalies in chronic cigarette smokers.
"Alterations of regional homogeneity in Parkinson's disease with ""pure"" apathy: A resting-state fMRI study."
Evidence for a functional specialization of ventral anterior temporal lobe for language.
Expectation of exercise in trained athletes results in a reduction of central processing to nociceptive stimulation.
Neuroanatomical correlates of autism spectrum disorders: A meta-analysis of structural magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) studies.
Abnormal brain functional connectivity coupled with hypoperfusion measured by Resting-State fMRI: An additional contributing factor for cognitive impairment in patients with Alzheimer's disease.
Application of contrast-enhanced magnetic resonance imaging in the assessment of blood-cerebrospinal fluid barrier integrity.
"Glucocorticoids, metabolism and brain activity."
"Cognitive, Behavioral, and Circadian Rhythm Interventions for Insomnia Alter Emotional Brain Responses."
Evidence for distinct levels of neural adaptation to both coherent and incoherently moving visual surfaces in visual area hMT.
Prolactin mediates the relationship between regional gray matter volume and postpartum depression symptoms.
Fractional amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation (fALFF) alterations in young depressed patients with suicide attempts after cognitive behavioral therapy and antidepressant medication cotherapy: A resting-state fMRI study.
The effect of semantic memory degeneration on creative thinking: A voxel-based morphometry analysis.
Changes in spatial cognition and brain activity after a single dose of testosterone in healthy women.
Reduced accuracy accompanied by reduced neural activity during the performance of an emotional conflict task by unmedicated patients with major depression: A CAN-BIND fMRI study.
FMRI of shared-stream priming of lexical identification by object semantics along the ventral visual processing stream.
Aberrant structural connectivity in childhood maltreatment: A meta-analysis.
Gray matter alterations in adolescent major depressive disorder and adolescent bipolar disorder.
Brain functional abnormalities in the amygdala subregions is associated with anxious depression.
Endogenous cortisol-related alterations of right anterior insula functional connectivity under acute stress.
Neural Correlates of Failed Inhibitory Control as an Early Marker of Disordered Eating in Adolescents.
Aberrant functional connectivity between the thalamus and visual cortex is related to attentional impairment in schizophrenia.
Anxious brain networks: A coordinate-based activation likelihood estimation meta-analysis of resting-state functional connectivity studies in anxiety.
Individual intelligence and brain neural correlates associated with outcome expectancies for risk behaviors in adults.
Dynamic Neural Interactions Supporting the Cognitive Reappraisal of Emotion.
In vivo gradients of thalamic damage in paediatric multiple sclerosis: a window into pathology.
Aberrant within- and between-network connectivity of the mirror neuron system network and the mentalizing network in first episode psychosis.
Brain structural changes in patients with chronic methylmercury poisoning in Minamata.
Atypical Amygdala Response to Fear Conditioning in Autism Spectrum Disorder.
Within- and across-network alterations in the default network and in visual networkpatients with somatic symptom disorder.
Neurofeedback of core language network nodes modulates connectivity with the default-mode network: A double-blind fMRI neurofeedback study on auditory verbal hallucinations.
Extrastriatal degeneration correlates with deficits in the motor domain subscales of the UHDRS.
A comparison of fMRI and behavioral models for predicting inter-temporal choices.
Contributions of Brain Function and Structure to Three Different Domains of Cognitive Control in Normal Aging.
Trait and state alterations in excitatory connectivity between subgenual anterior cingulate cortex and cerebellum in patients with current and remitted depression.
Neural correlates of script-driven imagery in adolescents with interpersonal traumatic experiences: A pilot study.
"An aberrant hippocampal subregional network, rather than structure, characterizes major depressive disorder."
Development of the Paternal Brain in Humans throughout Pregnancy.
Right anterior cerebellum BOLD responses reflect age related changes in Simon task sequential effects.
Subthalamic Nucleus Activation Occurs Early during Stopping and Is Associated with Trait Impulsivity.
Parietal control network activation during memory tasks may be associated with the co-occurrence of externally and internally directed cognition: A cross-function meta-analysis.
Reduction of somatosensory functional connectivity by transcranial alternating current stimulation at endogenous mu-frequency.
Influence of the hypothalamus-pituitary-gonadal axis reactivation and corresponding surging sex hormones on the amplitude of low-frequency oscillations in early pubertal girls: A resting state fMRI study.
With a little help from my friends: The effect of social proximity on emotion regulation-related brain activity.
Reduced functional connectivity of the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex at rest in obsessive–compulsive disorder
The Effects of Chronic Cigarette Smoking on Gray Matter Volume: Influence of Sex
Effects of family history of substance use disorder on reward processing in adolescents with and without attention‐deficit/hyperactivity disorder
Ventral Striatal Activation During Reward Anticipation of Different Reward Probabilities in Adolescents and Adults
Age at onset reveals different functional connectivity abnormalities in prodromal Alzheimer's disease.
Impaired Feedback Processing for Symbolic Reward in Individuals with Internet Game Overuse
Blame and Praise cross-culturally: An fMRI investigation into causal attribution and moral judgment.
Down syndrome is accompanied by significantly reduced cortical grey-white matter tissue contrast.
Revealing robust neural correlates of conscious and unconscious visual processing: Activation likelihood estimation meta-analyses.
Relationship between neural responses to stress and mental health symptoms in psychogenic nonepileptic seizures after traumatic brain injury.
Identification of community structure-based brain states and transitions using functional MRI
Facial and neural mechanisms during interactive disclosure of biographical information
Microstructural White Matter Tissue Characteristics Are Modulated by Homocysteine: A Diffusion Tensor Imaging Study
Abnormal cortical surface-based spontaneous and functional connectivity in the whole brain in lifelong premature ejaculation patients
Allelic variant in SLC6A3 rs393795 affects cerebral regional homogeneity and gait dysfunction in patients with Parkinson’s disease
Static and dynamic functional connectivity supports the configuration of brain networks associated with creative cognition
The effects of sound therapy in tinnitus are characterized by altered limbic and auditory networks
Brain Resting-State Network Alterations Associated With Crohn's Disease
Temporal Lobe Spikes Affect Distant Intrinsic Connectivity Networks
Neural Correlates of Reflection on Present and Past Selves in Autism Spectrum Disorder
Resting-State Functional MRI Metrics in Patients With Chronic Mild Traumatic Brain Injury and Their Association With Clinical Cognitive Performance
Altered Extended Locus Coeruleus and Ventral Tegmental Area Networks in Boys with Autism Spectrum Disorders: A Resting-State Functional Connectivity Study
Sensorimotor cortex activity during basketball dribbling and its relation to creativity
Alteration of Cortical Volume and Thickness in Myalgic Encephalomyelitis/Chronic Fatigue Syndrome
Aberrant Brain Spontaneous Activity and Synchronization in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Subjects Without Mild Cognitive Impairment
Rostral middle frontal gyrus thickness mediates the relationship between genetic risk and neuroticism trait.
Alteration of brain network centrality in CTN patients after a single triggering pain
Improvement in Touch Sensation after Stroke is Associated with Resting Functional Connectivity Changes
"""Listen to your heart"": A novel interoceptive strategy for real-time fMRI neurofeedback training of anterior insula activity."
Traditional Chinese Manual Therapy (Tuina) reshape the function of default mode network in patients with lumbar disc herniation
Constructing Others' Beliefs from One's Own Using Medial Frontal Cortex
Changes in brain activation during the acquisition of a new bimanual coodination task.
Localised increase in regional cerebral perfusion in patients with visual snow syndrome: a pseudo-continuous arterial spin labelling study
"Latent profiles of substance use, early life stress, and attention/externalizing problems and their association with neural correlates of reinforcement learning in adolescents"
Motivation Modulates Brain Networks in Response to Faces Varying in Race and Status: A Multivariate Approach
Error Awareness and Salience Processing in the Oddball Task: Shared Neural Mechanisms
A Generative Model of Speech Production in Broca’s and Wernicke’s Areas
Altered processing of communication signals in the subcortical auditory sensory pathway in autism
Midgut Microbial Community of Culex quinquefasciatus Mosquito Populations from India
An fMRI-based investigation of the effects of odors on the functional connectivity network underlying the working memory.
Distinct inter-hemispheric dysconnectivity in schizophrenia patients with and without auditory verbal hallucinations
Brain changes following mindfulness: Reduced caudate volume is associated with decreased positive urgency.
What Do You Want to Eat? Influence of Menu Description and Design on Consumer’s Mind: An fMRI Study
Relationship status and perceived support in the social regulation of neural responses to threat
How words and space collide: Lexical and sublexical reading are reliant on separable reflexive and voluntary attention regions in hybrid tasks.
Altered Structure and Intrinsic Functional Connectivity in Post-stroke Aphasia.
Decreased inter-hemispheric cooperation in major depressive disorder and its association with neurotransmitter profiles.
"What if I Get Busted? Deception, Choice, and Decision-Making in Social Interaction"
Neural Correlates of Unsuccessful Memory Performance in MCI
Sex differences in resting-state cerebral activity alterations in internet gaming disorder.
Gene-Related Cerebellar Neurodegeneration in SCA3/MJD: A Case-Controlled Imaging-Genetic Study
Association of cognitive impairment and reduced cortical thickness in prefrontal cortex and anterior cingulate cortex with treatment-resistant depression.
The Neural Representation of Relational- and Collective-Self: Two Forms of Collectivism
Metabolic abnormalities in the basal ganglia and cerebellum in bipolar disorder: A multi-modal MR study.
"Classifying heterogeneous presentations of PTSD via the default mode, central executive, and salience networks with machine learning"
The cerebellum is associated with 2-year prognosis in patients with high-frequency migraine
Relationship between regional gray matter volumes and dopamine D2 receptor and transporter in living human brains
"Processing of visual and non-visual naturalistic spatial information in the ""parahippocampal place area"""
Abnormal intrinsic cerebro-cerebellar functional connectivity in un-medicated patients with bipolar disorder and major depressive disorder.
Developmental maturation of inhibitory control circuitry in a high-risk sample: A longitudinal fMRI study
Disrupted Functional Connectivity of Cornu Ammonis Subregions in Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment: A Longitudinal Resting-State fMRI Study
Does Chronic Cannabis Use Impact Risky Decision-Making: An Examination of fMRI Activation and Effective Connectivity?
Theta Oscillations Index Frontal Decision-Making and Mediate Reciprocal Frontal-Parietal Interactions in Willed Attention.
Neuronal Oscillatory Signatures of Joint Attention and Intersubjectivity in Arrhythmic Coaction
Gray and white matter integrity influence TMS signal propagation: a multimodal evaluation in cocaine-dependent individuals
The modulating impact of cigarette smoking on brain structure in panic disorder: a voxel-based morphometry study
Abnormal Degree Centrality in White Matter Hyperintensities: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Brain responses during delay discounting in youth at high-risk for substance use disorders
Behavioral and neuroanatomical correlates of facial emotion processing in post-stroke depression
Do Manual and Voxel-Based Morphometry Measure the Same? A Proof of Concept Study
The neural processing of foreign-accented speech and its relationship to listener bias
Automatic Processing of Numerosity in Human Neocortex Evidenced by Occipital and Parietal Neuromagnetic Responses
Early changes in emotional processing as a marker of clinical response to SSRI treatment in depression
Reliability of Visual and Somatosensory Feedback in Skilled Movement: The Role of the Cerebellum.
Blink-related arousal network surges are shaped by cortical vigilance states
Gene by Culture Effects on Emotional Processing of Social Cues among East Asians and European Americans
Cerebellar gray matter alterations predict deep brain stimulation outcomes in Meige syndrome
Baseline patterns of resting functional connectivity within posterior default-mode intranetwork associated with remission to antidepressants in major depressive disorder
Investigating the neural substrate variations between easy and challenging creative association tasks during product design within an fMRI scanner
Performance comparison of 10 different classification techniques in segmenting white matter hyperintensities in aging.
The personality dispositions and resting-state neural correlates associated with aggressive children
"Prospection, Perseverance, and Insight in Sequential Behavior"
Maximal aerobic capacity is associated with hippocampal cognitive reserve in older adults with amnestic mild cognitive impairment.
Food cue reactivity in successful laparoscopic gastric banding: A sham-deflation-controlled pilot study
Reward-Sensitive Basal Ganglia Stabilize the Maintenance of Goal-Relevant Neural Patterns in Adolescents.
Growing up with bilateral hippocampal atrophy: from childhood to teenage.
Altered frequency-specific/universal amplitude characteristics of spontaneous brain oscillations in patients with bipolar disorder
Resting State fMRI Demonstrates a Disturbance of the Cerebello-Cortical Circuit in Essential Tremor.
Activation changes of the left inferior frontal gyrus for the factors of construction and scrambling in a sentence
"Inferior Frontal Gyrus Activation Underlies the Perception of Emotions, While Precuneus Activation Underlies the Feeling of Emotions during Music Listening"
Gray matter asymmetry in asymptomatic carotid stenosis
Common and exclusive spontaneous neural activity patterns underlying pure generalized anxiety disorder and comorbid generalized anxiety disorder and depression.
Action in auctions: neural and computational mechanisms of bidding behaviour
Appetitive conditioning with pornographic stimuli elicits stronger activation in reward regions than monetary and gaming‐related stimuli
Social evaluations under conflict: negative judgments of conflicting information are easier than positive judgments
Abnormal Spontaneous Brain Activity and Cognitive Impairment in Obstructive Sleep Apnea
Limitations of Standard Accessible Captioning of Sounds and Music for Deaf and Hard of Hearing People: An EEG Study
Brain structure links trait conscientiousness to academic performance
Analgesic Effects of Compression at Trigger Points Are Associated With Reduction of Frontal Polar Cortical Activity as Well as Functional Connectivity Between the Frontal Polar Area and Insula in Patients With Chronic Low Back Pain: A Randomized Trial
Resting-State fMRI Associated with Stop-Signal Task Performance in Healthy Middle-Aged and Elderly People
fMRI Repetition Suppression During Generalized Social Categorization
Cerebrovascular reactivity among native-raised high altitude residents: an fMRI study
Etiology of language network changes during recovery of aphasia after stroke
Anatomical distance affects functional connectivity at rest in medicine-free obsessive–compulsive disorder
Analysis of Default Mode Network in Social Anxiety Disorder: EEG Resting-State Effective Connectivity Study
Changes in grey matter volume and functional connectivity in cluster headache versus migraine.
Differential aberrant connectivity of precuneus and anterior insula may underpin the diagnosis of schizophrenia and mood disorders
Left Amygdala Regulates the Cerebral Reading Network During Fast Emotion Word Processing
Common and distinct brain activity associated with risky and ambiguous decision-making.
Age-Related Differences in White Matter Integrity in Healthy Human Brain: Evidence from Structural MRI and Diffusion Tensor Imaging
A voxel-based morphometry study of disease severity correlates in relapsing–remitting multiple sclerosis
Elevated gonadotropin levels are associated with increased biomarker risk of Alzheimer’s disease in midlife women
The polymorphism of dopamine D2 receptor TaqIA gene is associated with brain response to drug cues in male heroin-dependent individuals during methadone maintenance treatment.
Functional MRI of language processing: dependence on input modality and temporal lobe epilepsy.
Abnormal degree centrality and functional connectivity in Down syndrome: A resting-state fMRI study
Altered Local and Large-Scale Dynamic Functional Connectivity Variability in Posttraumatic Stress Disorder: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Neural correlates of working memory and its association with metabolic parameters in early-treated adults with phenylketonuria
Brain Functional Mechanisms Determining the Efficacy of Transcutaneous Auricular Vagus Nerve Stimulation in Primary Insomnia
White matter abnormalities in adolescents with generalized anxiety disorder: a diffusion tensor imaging study
Childhood socioeconomic status is associated with psychometric intelligence and microstructural brain development
Holistic Face Categorization in Higher Order Visual Areas of the Normal and Prosopagnosic Brain: Toward a Non-Hierarchical View of Face Perception
Gray matter asymmetry atypical patterns in subgrouping minors with autism based on core symptoms
Processing of an Audiobook in the Human Brain Is Shaped by Cultural Family Background
Evidence for Altered Basal Ganglia-Brainstem Connections in Cervical Dystonia
Voxel-based morphometry of grey matter densities in subjects at high risk of schizophrenia.
Learning of irrelevant stimulus-response associations modulates cognitive control.
"Integrated water quality dynamics in Wadi Hanifah: Physical, chemical, and biological perspectives"
Sex differences in brain homotopic co-activations: a meta-analytic study
How white and black bodies are perceived depends on what emotion is expressed
Altered resting-state functional connectivity in patients with chronic bilateral vestibular failure
Memory Function and Brain Functional Connectivity Adaptations Following Multiple-Modality Exercise and Mind–Motor Training in Older Adults at Risk of Dementia: An Exploratory Sub-Study
Extensive long-term verbal memory training is associated with brain plasticity
A Strategy to Reduce Bias of Entropy Estimates in Resting-State fMRI Signals
"Acute Effects of Different Multivitamin Mineral Preparations with and without Guaraná on Mood, Cognitive Performance and Functional Brain Activation"
Differential cortical activation during the perception of moving objects along different trajectories.
Involvement of prefrontal cortex in scalar implicatures: evidence from magnetoencephalography
Parallel processing of face and house stimuli by V1 and specialized visual areas: a magnetoencephalographic (MEG) study
Arithmetic in the signing brain: Differences and similarities in arithmetic processing between deaf signers and hearing non‐signers
A human memory circuit derived from brain lesions causing amnesia
The impact of depression on mothers’ neural processing of their adolescents’ affective behavior
Peripheral Inflammation Acutely Impairs Human Spatial Memory via Actions on Medial Temporal Lobe Glucose Metabolism
Depression Affects Intrinsic Brain Activity in Patients With Mild Cognitive Impairment
Pre-treatment Resting-State Functional MR Imaging Predicts the Long-Term Clinical Outcome After Short-Term Paroxtine Treatment in Post-traumatic Stress Disorder
"Distinct regions of the cerebellum show gray matter decreases in autism, ADHD, and developmental dyslexia"
Brain Functional Connectivity Changes in Patients with Acute Eye Pain: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging (fMRI) Study
Intrinsic connectivity network dynamics in PTSD during amygdala downregulation using real-time fMRI neurofeedback: A preliminary analysis.
Methylphenidate Normalizes Fronto-Striatal Underactivation During Interference Inhibition in Medication-Naïve Boys with Attention-Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder
Comparison between morphometry and radiomics: detecting normal brain aging based on grey matter
Vividness and accuracy: Two independent aspects of motor imagery.
Neural substrates of marriage on self-parents processing and the association with a parents-oriented perspective shift in a collectivistic culture.
Functional connectivity maps based on hippocampal and thalamic dynamics may account for the default-mode network.
Age-related functional connectivity along the hippocampal longitudinal axis.
A Verbal Fluency Task-Based Brain Activation fMRI Study in Patients with Crohn's Disease in Remission.
Children with dyslexia utilize both top-down and bottom-up networks equally in contextual and isolated word reading.
Reduced thalamic resting‐state functional connectivity and impaired cognition in acute abstinent heroin users
Sex differences in the neurobiology of fear conditioning and extinction: a preliminary fMRI study of shared sex differences with stress-arousal circuitry
Structural changes of the brain in relation to occupational stress.
The Spatiotemporal Neural Dynamics of Intersensory Attention Capture of Salient Stimuli: A Large-Scale Auditory-Visual Modeling Study
"Comparison of Regional Gray Matter Atrophy, White Matter Alteration, and Glucose Metabolism as a Predictor of the Conversion to Alzheimer's Disease in Mild Cognitive Impairment"
Multi-Modal Analysis of Resting-State fMRI Data in mTBI Patients and Association With Neuropsychological Outcomes
Combined structural and functional imaging reveals cortical deactivations in grapheme-color synaesthesia
Body-Specific Motor Imagery of Hand Actions: Neural Evidence from Right- and Left-Handers
Smaller Volume in Left-Lateralized Brain Structures Correlates with Greater Experience of Negative Non-target Emotions in Neurodegenerative Diseases.
Gray and White Matter Changes Associated with Psychophysical Functions Induced by Diabolo Training in Young Men
Dynamics of working memory process revealed by independent component analysis in an fMRI study
40-Hz Blue Light Changes Hippocampal Activation and Functional Connectivity Underlying Recognition Memory
Correlation between Traits of Emotion-Based Impulsivity and Intrinsic Default-Mode Network Activity
Brain Activation in Contrasts of Microexpression Following Emotional Contexts
Hemispheric Difference of Regional Brain Function Exists in Patients With Acute Stroke in Different Cerebral Hemispheres: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Abnormal interhemispheric functional cooperation in schizophrenia follows the neurotransmitter profiles
"An Orientation Dependent Size Illusion Is Underpinned by Processing in the Extrastriate Visual Area, LO1"
Late-life obesity is associated with smaller global and regional gray matter volumes: a voxel-based morphometric study
Distinct neural bases of disruptive behavior and autism symptom severity in boys with autism spectrum disorder
Beta-Band Functional Connectivity is Reorganized in Mild Cognitive Impairment after Combined Computerized Physical and Cognitive Training
Impact of Childhood Trauma on Executive Function in Adolescence-Mediating Functional Brain Networks and Prediction of High-Risk Drinking.
A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Assessment of Small Animals’ Phobia Using Virtual Reality as a Stimulus
Disrupted resting-state spontaneous neural activity in stable COPD
The impact of breast milk feeding on early brain development in preterm infants in China: An observational study
Statistical Nonparametric fMRI Maps in the Analysis of Response Inhibition in Abstinent Individuals with History of Alcohol Use Disorder
Disruption of functional connectivity among subcortical arousal system and cortical networks in temporal lobe epilepsy.
Changes in brain metabolites and resting-state connectivity in collegiate basketball players as a function of play time.
Reorganization of functional brain network architecture in chronic osteoarthritis pain
"Motivational decline and proactive response under thermal environmental stress are related to emotion- and problem-focused coping, respectively: Questionnaire construction and fMRI study"
Social anxiety and age are associated with neural response to social evaluation during adolescence☆
Cardiopulmonary Fitness Correlates with Regional Cerebral Grey Matter Perfusion and Density in Men with Coronary Artery Disease
Synthetic quantitative MRI through relaxometry modelling
Deciphering Functional Connectivity Differences Between Motor Imagery and Execution of Target-Oriented Grasping.
How three-dimensional sketching environments affect spatial thinking: A functional magnetic resonance imaging study of virtual reality
"DTI studies in patients with Alzheimer's disease, mild cognitive impairment, or normal cognition with evaluation of the intrinsic background gradients"
Neural correlates of social exclusion and overinclusion in patients with borderline personality disorder: an fMRI study
Predictive Motor Timing and the Cerebellar Vermis in Schizophrenia: An fMRI Study.
Neuropsychiatric complications and neuroimaging characteristics after deep brain stimulation surgery for Parkinson's disease.
Dissociating the Neural Correlates of Planning and Executing Tasks with Nested Task Sets.
Pronounced Structural and Functional Damage in Early Adult Pediatric-Onset Multiple Sclerosis with No or Minimal Clinical Disability
"The Effects of Age, from Young to Middle Adulthood, and Gender on Resting State Functional Connectivity of the Dopaminergic Midbrain"
Neuroimaging Examination of Driving Mode Switching Corresponding to Changes in the Driving Environment
Overall reductions in functional brain activation are associated with falls in older adults: an fMRI study
Titin mutation segregates with hereditary myopathy with early respiratory failure.
The Integrity of the Corpus Callosum Mitigates the Impact of Blood Pressure on the Ventral Attention Network and Information Processing Speed in Healthy Adults
Neural activation and memory for natural scenes: Explicit and spontaneous retrieval.
An fMRI Study of the Influence of a History of Substance Abuse on Working Memory-Related Brain Activation in Schizophrenia
Chronic Tinnitus Exhibits Bidirectional Functional Dysconnectivity in Frontostriatal Circuit
Association of Social Engagement with Brain Volumes Assessed by Structural MRI
"Spontaneous brain activity, graph metrics, and head motion related to prospective post-traumatic stress disorder trauma-focused therapy response"
The Effects of Family Socioeconomic Status on Psychological and Neural Mechanisms as Well as Their Sex Differences
Differential Resting-State Connectivity Patterns of the Right Anterior and Posterior Dorsolateral Prefrontal Cortices (DLPFC) in Schizophrenia
Mathematical Logic in the Human Brain: Semantics
Genetic modifiers of cognitive maintenance among older adults
Tinnitus distress is associated with enhanced resting-state functional connectivity within the default mode network
Behavioral and Neural Correlates of Cognitive Training and Transfer Effects in Stroke Patients
Association between abnormal default mode network activity and suicidality in depressed adolescents
"Bright light therapy and early morning attention, mathematical performance, electroencephalography and brain connectivity in adolescents with morning sleepiness"
Neuroticism and conscientiousness respectively positively and negatively correlated with the network characteristic path length in dorsal lateral prefrontal cortex: A resting‐state fNIRS study
The relationship between puberty and social emotion processing
Aberrant Hippocampal Network Connectivity Is Associated With Neurocognitive Dysfunction in Patients With Moderate and Severe Obstructive Sleep Apnea
Contribution of substantia nigra glutamate to prediction error signals in schizophrenia: a combined magnetic resonance spectroscopy/functional imaging study
A pharmacological challenge paradigm to assess neural signatures of script-elicited acute dissociation in women with post-traumatic stress disorder
Intrinsic connectivity of left ventrolateral prefrontal cortex predicts individual differences in controlled semantic retrieval
Neural substrates of social facilitation effects on incentive-based performance
"Brain Activity in Response to Trauma-specific, Negative, and Neutral Stimuli. A fMRI Study of Recent Road Traffic Accident Survivors"
Exploring the Neural Representation of Novel Words Learned through Enactment in a Word Recognition Task
Altered Effective Connectivity Measured by Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging in Posterior Parietal-Frontal-Striatum Circuit in Patients With Disorder of Consciousness
Aberrant resting-state functional connectivity of salience network in first-episode schizophrenia.
Default and Executive Network Coupling Supports Creative Idea Production
Different types of associative encoding evoke differential processing in both younger and older adults: Evidence from univariate and multivariate analyses.
Evidence for asymmetric frontal-lobe involvement in episodic memory from functional magnetic resonance imaging and patients with unilateral frontal-lobe excisions.
Dissociable meta-analytic brain networks contribute to coordinated emotional processing.
Dynamic changes of functional segregation and integration in vulnerability and resilience to schizophrenia.
Cortico-thalamic dysconnection in early-stage schizophrenia: a functional connectivity magnetic resonance imaging study.
Differential effects of antidepressant treatment on long-range and short-range functional connectivity strength in patients with major depressive disorder
Ovarian stromal cells as a source of cancer-associated fibroblasts in human epithelial ovarian cancer: A histopathological study
EEG Spatiotemporal Patterns Underlying Self-other Voice Discrimination
The role of brain-localized gamma and alpha oscillations in inattentional deafness: implications for understanding human attention
Auditory Deficits in Audiovisual Speech Perception in Adult Asperger’s Syndrome: fMRI Study
Trait anxiety is related to Nx4’s efficacy on stress-induced changes in amygdala-centered resting state functional connectivity: a placebo-controlled cross-over trial in mildly to moderately stressed healthy volunteers
Effects of Uric Acid on the Alterations of White Matter Connectivity in Patients with Major Depression
Right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex regulates default prosociality preference
"Phonological and surface dyslexia in individuals with brain tumors: Performance pre‐, intra‐, immediately post‐surgery and at follow‐up"
Divided attention at retrieval does not influence neural correlates of recollection in young or older adults.
Severe asymptomatic carotid stenosis is associated with robust reductions in homotopic functional connectivity
True grit and brain: Trait grit mediates the connection of DLPFC functional connectivity density to posttraumatic growth following COVID-19
Individual associations of adolescent alcohol use disorder versus cannabis use disorder symptoms in neural prediction error signaling and the response to novelty
Functional connectivity within the voice perception network and its behavioural relevance
Functional Connectivity Alterations in Children with Spastic and Dyskinetic Cerebral Palsy
Resting-state functional connectivity of amygdala subregions predicts treatment outcome for cognitive behavioral therapy in obsessive-compulsive disorder at a 4-month follow-up.
Parietal memory network and default mode network in first‐episode drug‐naïve schizophrenia: Associations with auditory hallucination
"Observed, Executed, and Imagined Action Representations can be Decoded From Ventral and Dorsal Areas."
Shared neural basis of social and non-social reward deficits in chronic cocaine users.
Research on adults with subthreshold depression after aerobic exercise: a resting-state fMRI study based on regional homogeneity (ReHo)
Orbitofrontal-Striatal Structural Alterations Linked to Negative Symptoms at Different Stages of the Schizophrenia Spectrum.
Attachment Security in Infancy: A Preliminary Study of Prospective Links to Brain Morphometry in Late Childhood
Longitudinal fMRI task reveals neural plasticity in default mode network with disrupted executive-default coupling and selective attention after traumatic brain injury.
Task-dependent plasticity in distributed neural circuits after transcranial direct current stimulation of the human motor cortex: A proof-of-concept study
Reconfiguration of Functional Dynamics in Cortico-Thalamo-Cerebellar Circuit in Schizophrenia Following High-Frequency Repeated Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation
"Cortical Gray Matter Loss, Augmented Vulnerability to Speech-on-Speech Masking, and Delusion in People With Schizophrenia"
Topological features of functional brain networks and subclinical impulsivity: an investigation in younger and older adults
Neural sensitivity to conflicting attitudes supports greater conformity toward positive over negative influence in early adolescence
Cortical neurodevelopment in pre-manifest Huntington's disease
The effects of trauma on feedback processing: an MEG study
Cognitive reserve-mediated neural modulation of emotional control and regulation in people with late-life depression
The neural network of saccadic foreknowledge.
Different patterns of gray matter density in early- and middle-late-onset Parkinson's disease: a voxel-based morphometry study.
"White matter microstructure in a genetically defined group at increased risk of autism symptoms, and a comparison with idiopathic autism: an exploratory study"
fMRI reveals reciprocal inhibition between social and physical cognitive domains.
Cortical Substrate of Supraspinal Fatigue following Exhaustive Aerobic Exercise Localizes to a Large Cluster in the Anterior Premotor Cortex
A dynamic body-selective area localizer for use in fMRI
The child brain computes and utilizes internalized maternal choices
"I want to lie about not knowing you, but my precuneus refuses to cooperate"
Default Mode Network quantitative diffusion and resting‐state functional magnetic resonance imaging correlates in sporadic Creutzfeldt‐Jakob disease
Reduced Cortical Thickness in Schizophrenia and Schizotypal Disorder.
Brain mechanisms of short-term habituation and sensitization toward dyspnea
Neural correlates of standing imagery and execution in Parkinsonian patients: The relevance to striatal dopamine dysfunction
Dynamic alterations of spontaneous neural activity in post-stroke aphasia: a resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Ginkgo Biloba Extract Is Comparable With Donepezil in Improving Functional Recovery in Alzheimer’s Disease: Results From a Multilevel Characterized Study Based on Clinical Features and Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging
Altered Regional Cortical Brain Activity in Healthy Subjects After Sleep Deprivation: A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Altered local spontaneous activity in frontal lobe epilepsy: a resting‐state functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Abnormal functional connectivity of the posterior cingulate cortex is associated with depressive symptoms in patients with Alzheimer’s disease
Emotion Reactivity and Regulation in Adolescent Girls Following an Interpersonal Rejection.
A study on brain neuronal activation based on the load in upper limb exercise (STROBE)
Neural substrates underlying motor skill learning in chronic hemiparetic stroke patients
The Sustained Attention to Response Task Shows Lower Cingulo-Opercular and Frontoparietal Activity in People with Narcolepsy Type 1: An fMRI Study on the Neural Regulation of Attention
Associations between brain morphology and motor performance in chronic neck pain: A whole-brain surface-based morphometry approach.
Are you a good mimic? Neuro-acoustic signatures for speech imitation ability
An fMRI study of facial emotion processing in children and adolescents with 22q11.2 deletion syndrome
Multilevel growth curve analyses of behavioral activation for anhedonia (BATA) and mindfulness-based cognitive therapy effects on anhedonia and resting-state functional connectivity: Interim results of a randomized trial.
The neural foundation of associative memory: a dynamic functional connectivity study for right-handed young adults.
Elderly patients have an altered gut-brain axis regardless of the presence of cirrhosis
Multimodal Parcellations and Extensive Behavioral Profiling Tackling the Hippocampus Gradient.
Amygdala reactivity and ventromedial prefrontal cortex coupling in the processing of emotional face stimuli in attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder
Feeling the force: Changes in a left-lateralized network of brain areas under simulated workday conditions are reflected in subjective mental effort investment
Distinct temporal brain dynamics in bipolar disorder and schizophrenia during emotion regulation
Prospective relations between resting-state connectivity of parietal subdivisions and arithmetic competence
Altered stability of brain functional architecture after sleep deprivation: A resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Human cortical activity evoked by contextual processing in attentional orienting
Cerebral gray and white matter reductions and clinical correlates in patients with early onset schizophrenia.
Private–public mappings in human prefrontal cortex
"Brain responses to painful electrical stimuli and cognitive tasks interact in the precuneus, posterior cingulate cortex, and inferior parietal cortex and do not vary across the menstrual cycle"
The passive recipient: Neural correlates of negative self‐view in depression
A Comparative Study on the Temporal Effects of 2D and VR Emotional Arousal
Putaminal gray matter volume decrease in panic disorder: an optimized voxel-based morphometry study.
Tracking differential activation of primary and supplementary motor cortex across timing tasks: An fNIRS validation study.
Social Mindfulness and Psychosis: Neural Response to Socially Mindful Behavior in First-Episode Psychosis and Patients at Clinical High-Risk
"Cortical Thickness Estimation in Individuals With Cerebral Small Vessel Disease, Focal Atrophy, and Chronic Stroke Lesions"
fMRI in an oddball task: effects of target-to-target interval.
Mindfulness Improves Emotion Regulation and Executive Control on Bereaved Individuals: An fMRI Study
Structural and Functional MRI Differences in Master Sommeliers: A Pilot Study on Expertise in the Brain
Distinct cortical correlates of perception and motor function in balance control
Cerebellum regulating cerebral functional cortex through multiple pathways in complete thoracolumbar spinal cord injury
Abnormal functional connectivity in the habenula is associated with subjective hyperarousal state in chronic insomnia disorder
"Cash, Card or Smartphone: The Neural Correlates of Payment Methods"
Bilateral effects of unilateral cerebellar lesions as detected by voxel based morphometry and diffusion imaging
Aerobic Exercise Alters Brain Function and Structure in Parkinson's Disease: A Randomized Controlled Trial
Postural Effects on the Mental Rotation of Body-Related Pictures: An fMRI Study
Impaired learning from punishment of errors in smokers: Differences in dorsolateral prefrontal cortex and sensorimotor cortex blood-oxygen-level dependent responses
Multivariate classification of drug-naive obsessive-compulsive disorder patients and healthy controls by applying an SVM to resting-state functional MRI data
Altered dynamic effective connectivity of the default mode network in type 2 diabetes
Associations Between Adolescents’ Social Re-orientation Toward Peers Over Caregivers and Neural Response to Teenage Faces
Diffusion tensor imaging of the structural integrity of white matter correlates with impulsivity in adolescents with internet gaming disorder
Alterations in Human Hippocampus Subregions across the Lifespan: Reflections on White Matter Structure and Functional Connectivity
Cerebral perfusion changes in presymptomatic genetic frontotemporal dementia: a GENFI study
Shifting brain circuits in pain chronicity.
Optimizing locations of waste transfer stations in rural areas
Relationship between gray matter structure and age in children and adolescents with high-functioning autism spectrum disorder
Aberrant Effective Connectivity of the Right Anterior Insula in Primary Insomnia
Retrospective confidence judgments: Meta‐analysis of functional magnetic resonance imaging studies
Disrupted Intraregional Brain Activity and Functional Connectivity in Unilateral Acute Tinnitus Patients With Hearing Loss
Brain activity associated with Dual‐task performance of Ankle motor control during cognitive challenge
Neural correlates of individual differences in manual imitation fidelity
The neural correlates of childhood maltreatment and the ability to understand mental states of others
Within-individual BOLD signal variability in the N-back task and its associations with vigilance and working memory.
"Impairments in brain perfusion, executive control network, topological characteristics, and neurocognition in adult patients with asymptomatic Moyamoya disease"
Automatic and effortful control of interference in working memory can be distinguished by unique behavioral and functional brain representations.
To explore the potential mechanisms of cognitive impairment in children with MRI-negative pharmacoresistant epilepsy due to focal cortical dysplasia: A pilot study from gray matter structure view
Dynamic changes in fractional amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations in patients with chronic insomnia
Associations between ghrelin and leptin and neural food cue reactivity in a fasted and sated state.
How sensory-motor systems impact the neural organization for language: direct contrasts between spoken and signed language
"Effects of Second Language Learning on the Plastic Aging Brain: Functional Connectivity, Cognitive Decline, and Reorganization"
Functional connectivity of the amygdala subregions and the antidepressant effects of repeated ketamine infusions in major depressive disorder
Metabolic connectivity is associated with seizure outcome in surgically treated temporal lobe epilepsies: A 18F-FDG PET seed correlation analysis
Revealing the multisensory modulation of auditory stimulus in degraded visual object recognition by dynamic causal modeling.
Functional Connectivity Alterations Based on Hypometabolic Region May Predict Clinical Prognosis of Temporal Lobe Epilepsy: A Simultaneous 18F-FDG PET/fMRI Study
Emotion regulation in social anxiety disorder: behavioral and neural responses to three socio-emotional tasks
Somatotopic Arrangement of the Human Primary Somatosensory Cortex Derived From Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging
Mindfulness-Based Stress Reduction-related changes in posterior cingulate resting brain connectivity
Who needs a referee? How incorrect basketball actions are automatically detected by basketball players' brain
A Functional MRI Paradigm for Efficient Mapping of Memory Encoding Across Sensory Conditions
Altered empathy-related resting-state functional connectivity in patients with bipolar disorder.
Structural and Functional Abnormities of Amygdala and Prefrontal Cortex in Major Depressive Disorder With Suicide Attempts
Replicable brain signatures of emotional bias and memory based on diffusion kurtosis imaging of white matter tracts
"The functional connectome of 3,4‐methyldioxymethamphetamine‐related declarative memory impairments"
Associations between N-Acetylaspartate and white matter integrity in individuals with schizophrenia and unaffected relatives.
The motor engram as a dynamic change of the cortical network during early sequence learning: An fMRI study.
Generalizability of machine learning for classification of schizophrenia based on resting‐state functional MRI data
Multivariate semi-blind deconvolution of fMRI time series.
Influence of 4-week multi-strain probiotic administration on resting-state functional connectivity in healthy volunteers
The role of the ventromedial prefrontal cortex in automatic formation of impression and reflected impression
Intermittent energy restriction changes the regional homogeneity of the obese human brain
The Timecourse of Activation Within the Cortical Network Associated with Visual Imagery
Dissociating the functions of superior and inferior parts of the left ventral occipito-temporal cortex during visual word and object processing
Resting-State Neural-Activity Alterations in Subacute Aphasia after Stroke
Individuation of parts of a single object and multiple distinct objects relies on a common neural mechanism in inferior intraparietal sulcus.
Positron Emission Tomography Reveals Abnormal Topological Organization in Functional Brain Network in Diabetic Patients
Brain Responses to Food Odors Associated With BMI Change at 2-Year Follow-Up
Neural activity in human ventromedial prefrontal cortex reflecting the intention to save reward
Brain Cortical Activation during Imagining of the Wrist Movement Using Functional Near-Infrared Spectroscopy (fNIRS)
Abnormal Default Mode Network Homogeneity in Major Depressive Disorder With Gastrointestinal Symptoms at Rest
Effect of Polymorphisms of Three Genes Mediating Monoamine Signalling on Brain Morphometry in Schizophrenia and Healthy Subjects
Decoding Task-Related Functional Brain Imaging Data to Identify Developmental Disorders: The Case of Congenital Amusia
A specific brain network for a social map in the human brain
Functional MRI Correlates of Carbon Dioxide Chemosensing in Persons With Epilepsy
Increased Temporal Dynamics of Intrinsic Brain Activity in Sensory and Perceptual Network of Schizophrenia
fMRI connectivity of expressive language in young children and adolescents.
Neural mechanisms of the rejection–aggression link
Neural Correlates of Self-other Distinction in Patients with Schizophrenia Spectrum Disorders: The Roles of Agency and Hand Identity.
Genetic Variation of a DRD2 Co-expression Network is Associated with Changes in Prefrontal Function After D2 Receptors Stimulation.
Identification of Homogeneous Subgroups from Resting-State fMRI Data
Striking a chord with healthy aging: memory system cooperation is related to preserved configural response learning in older adults.
Brain Structural Changes in Patients with Pulmonary Arterial Hypertension.
Altered Large-Scale Brain Functional Connectivity in Ocular Hypertension
Taking the body off the mind: Decreased functional connectivity between somatomotor and default‐mode networks following Floatation‐REST
Role of the dorsal attention network in distracter suppression based on features
Why it is good to communicate the bad: understanding the influence of message framing in persuasive communication on consumer decision-making processes
Cortical sensorimotor activity in the execution and suppression of discrete and rhythmic movements
Repeated anodal high-definition transcranial direct current stimulation over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in mild cognitive impairment patients increased regional homogeneity in multiple brain regions
Brain Structures Associated with Internet Addiction Tendency in Adolescent Online Game Players
Reduced Activation in the Pallidal-Thalamic-Motor Pathway Is Associated With Deficits in Reward-Modulated Inhibitory Control in Adults With a History of Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder.
The effect of obstructed action efficacy on reward-based decision-making in healthy adolescents: a novel functional MRI task to assay frustration
Age Differences in Default Mode Activity on Easy and Difficult Spatial Judgment Tasks
Evaluation of the cognitive outcome after out-of-hospital cardiac arrest: The role of thalamus.
Better imagined: Neural correlates of the episodic simulation boost to prospective memory performance.
Trait Respect Is Linked to Reduced Gray Matter Volume in the Anterior Temporal Lobe
Enriched Rehabilitation Improves Gait Disorder and Cognitive Function in Parkinson’s Disease: A Randomized Clinical Trial
R2* relaxometry analysis for mapping of white matter alteration in Parkinson’s disease with mild cognitive impairment
CACNA1C Gene rs11832738 Polymorphism Influences Depression Severity by Modulating Spontaneous Activity in the Right Middle Frontal Gyrus in Patients With Major Depressive Disorder
Hierarchical Organization of Auditory and Motor Representations in Speech Perception: Evidence from Searchlight Similarity Analysis
Regional Alteration within the Cerebellum and the Reorganization of the Cerebrocerebellar System following Poststroke Aphasia
The Equivalence between Virtual and Real Feared Stimuli in a Phobic Adult Sample: A Neuroimaging Study
Abnormal Baseline Brain Activity in Patients with Pulsatile Tinnitus: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Resting-state amygdala subregion and precuneus connectivity provide evidence for a dimensional approach to studying social anxiety disorder
Neural correlates of emotional valence for faces and words
Object recognition in clutter: cortical responses depend on the type of learning
Intrusive experiences in posttraumatic stress disorder: Treatment response induces changes in the directed functional connectivity of the anterior insula
Within-category representational stability through the lens of manipulable objects.
Structural Brain Changes in Chronic Pain Reflect Probably Neither Damage Nor Atrophy
"Psychotic Experiences, Working Memory, and the Developing Brain: A Multimodal Neuroimaging Study"
Distinct Alterations in Central Pain Processing of Visceral and Somatic Pain in Quiescent Ulcerative Colitis Compared to Irritable Bowel Syndrome and Health
Anger provocation increases limbic and decreases medial prefrontal cortex connectivity with the left amygdala in reactive aggressive violent offenders
Serotonin Transporter Gene Polymorphism Modulates Activity and Connectivity within an Emotional Arousal Network of Healthy Men during an Aversive Visceral Stimulus
Association between resting-state functional connectivity of amygdala subregions and peripheral pro-inflammation cytokines levels in bipolar disorder.
Lateral occipitotemporal cortex (LOTC) activity is greatest while viewing dance compared to visualization and movement: learning and expertise effects.
The cortical distribution of first and second language in the right hemisphere of bilinguals - an exploratory study by repetitive navigated transcranial magnetic stimulation.
Activity in the primary somatosensory cortex induced by reflexological stimulation is unaffected by pseudo-information: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Upregulation of Supplementary Motor Area Activation with fMRI Neurofeedback during Motor Imagery
Abnormal Intrinsic Functional Hubs in Corneal Ulcer: Evidence from a Voxel-Wise Degree Centrality Analysis
Altered intrinsic regional spontaneous brain activity in patients with optic neuritis: a resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Children Use Regions in the Visual Processing and Executive Function Networks during a Subsequent Memory Reading Task.
Alzheimer’s Disease Projection From Normal to Mild Dementia Reflected in Functional Network Connectivity: A Longitudinal Study
Differential Responses to a Visual Self-Motion Signal in Human Medial Cortical Regions Revealed by Wide-View Stimulation
Negative BOLD responses during hand and foot movements: An fMRI study
Regulatory Effects of Acupuncture on Emotional Disorders in Patients With Menstrual Migraine Without Aura: A Resting-State fMRI Study
The Effects of Music Intervention on Functional Connectivity Strength of the Brain in Schizophrenia
Effects of Baduanjin imagery and exercise on cognitive function in the elderly: A functional near-infrared spectroscopy study
Abnormal spontaneous activity of regions related to mood regulation mediates the effect of childhood emotional neglect on major depressive disorder.
The role of sex in the association between cannabis use and working memory‐related brain activity
Noninvasive vagus nerve stimulation alters neural response and physiological autonomic tone to noxious thermal challenge
The effect of acupuncture needle combination on central pain processing-an fMRI study
Disrupted Structural and Functional Connectivity in Prefrontal-Hippocampus Circuitry in First-Episode Medication-Naïve Adolescent Depression
Altered Percent Amplitude of Fluctuation in Healthy Subjects After 36 h Sleep Deprivation
Structural brain correlates of irritability and aggression in early manifest Huntington's disease.
"Associations between arterial stiffening and brain structure, perfusion, and cognition in the Whitehall II Imaging Sub-study: A retrospective cohort study"
Dysfunctional Prefrontal Function Is Associated with Impulsivity in People with Internet Gaming Disorder during a Delay Discounting Task
Cannabis-induced alterations in brain activation during a test of information processing speed in patients with MS
"Differences in attentional control and white matter microstructure in adolescents with attentional, affective, and behavioral disorders."
Task-related brain activity and functional connectivity in upper limb dystonia: a functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) and functional near-infrared spectroscopy (fNIRS) study
Functional activation of insula and dorsal anterior cingulate for conflict control against larger monetary loss in young adults with subthreshold depression: a preliminary study
The structural changes of gray matter in Parkinson disease patients with mild cognitive impairments
The dorsal premotor cortex encodes the step-by-step planning processes for goal-directed motor behavior in humans.
Sensory handedness is not reflected in cortical responses after basic nerve stimulation: a MEG study.
Negative bias effects during audiovisual emotional processing in major depression disorder
The emergence of the visual word form: Longitudinal evolution of category-specific ventral visual areas during reading acquisition
Blunted Frontostriatal Blood Oxygen Level-Dependent Signals Predict Stimulant and Marijuana Use.
fMRI Investigation of Semantic Lexical Processing in Healthy Control and Alzheimer’s Disease Subjects Using Naming Task: A Preliminary Study
Self-regulation therapy increases frontal gray matter in children with fetal alcohol spectrum disorder: evaluation by voxel-based morphometry
Aging Impacts the Overall Connectivity Strength of Regions Critical for Information Transfer Among Brain Networks
Embodied cognitive flexibility and neuroplasticity following Quadrato Motor Training
Neural correlates of theory-of-mind are associated with variation in children’s everyday social cognition
Association between the oxytocin receptor (OXTR) gene and mesolimbic responses to rewards
Enhancement of visual biological motion recognition in early-deaf adults: Functional and behavioral correlates
Clinical and Neural Predictors of Treatment Response to Music Listening Intervention after Stroke
Increased Within-Network Functional Connectivity May Predict NEDA Status in Fingolimod-Treated MS Patients
"Effective Connectivity in the Human Brain for Sour Taste, Retronasal Smell, and Combined Flavour"
Individual structural differences in left inferior parietal area are associated with schoolchildrens' arithmetic scores
Thalamocortical functional connectivity in youth with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder
Structural and Functional Connectivity Changes in the Brain Associated with Shyness but Not with Social Anxiety
Brain structure in pediatric Tourette syndrome
The APOE ε4 genotype modulates CSF YKL-40 levels and their structural brain correlates in the continuum of Alzheimer's disease but not those of sTREM2
Believing is seeing: an fMRI study of thought-action fusion in healthy male adults.
Cognitive Training and Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation in Mild Cognitive Impairment: A Randomized Pilot Trial
"Hyperbaric oxygen therapy improves symptoms, brain’s microstructure and functionality in veterans with treatment resistant post-traumatic stress disorder: A prospective, randomized, controlled trial"
Neural correlates of subjective CS/UCS association in appetitive conditioning.
Lateralized subgenual ACC metabolic connectivity patterns in refractory melancholic depression: does it matter?
"Amount, not strength of recollection, drives hippocampal activity: A problem for apparent word familiarity‐related hippocampal activation"
The right inferior frontal gyrus as pivotal node and effective regulator of the basal ganglia-thalamocortical response inhibition circuit
Distinct fronto-temporal substrates of distributional and taxonomic similarity among words: evidence from RSA of BOLD signals.
Abnormal Functional Connectivity of the Amygdala-Based Network in Resting-State fMRI in Adolescents with Generalized Anxiety Disorder
Intact working memory in non-manifesting LRRK2 carriers--an fMRI study.
Did It Change Your Mind? Neural Substrates of Purchase Intention Change and Product Information
Metabolic Imaging of Deep Brain Stimulation in Meige Syndrome
Aberrant cerebral blood flow in tinnitus patients with migraine: a perfusion functional MRI study
Echoes of the spoken past: how auditory cortex hears context during speech perception
The time course of altered brain activity during 7-day simulated microgravity
Altered Global Brain Functional Connectivity in Drug-Naive Patients With Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder
Can the neural–cortisol association be moderated by experience-induced changes in awareness?
Migraine attacks as a result of hypothalamic loss of control
Correlation between provoked ictal SPECT and depth recordings in adult drug-resistant epilepsy patients.
The posterior cerebellum and inconsistent trait implications when learning the sequence of actions
Aberrant Dynamic Functional Connectivity of Posterior Cingulate Cortex Subregions in Major Depressive Disorder With Suicidal Ideation
A neural signature of metabolic syndrome.
Traveling EEG slow oscillation along the dorsal attention network initiates spontaneous perceptual switching
Neural correlates of reward processing in adults with 22q11 deletion syndrome
In vivo assessment of human brain oscillations during application of transcranial electric currents
Increased brain responsivity to galvanic vestibular stimulation in bilateral vestibular failure
Shared and unique neural circuitry underlying temporally unpredictable threat and reward processing
Lasting effects of stress physiology on the brain: Cortisol reactivity during preschool predicts hippocampal functional connectivity at school age
Brain activity in the right-frontal pole and lateral occipital cortex predicts successful post-operatory outcome after surgery for anterior glenoumeral instability
Cognitive control training enhances the integration of intrinsic functional networks in adolescents
Lateralization effects in brain white matter reorganization in patients with unilateral idiopathic tinnitus: a preliminary study.
Exploring the Neural Correlates in Adopting a Realistic View: A Neural Structural and Functional Connectivity Study With Female Nurses
Processes linking socioeconomic disadvantage and neural correlates of cognitive control in adolescence
Improved Regional Homogeneity in Chronic Insomnia Disorder After Amygdala-Based Real-Time fMRI Neurofeedback Training
The Scanner as the Stimulus: Deficient Gamma-BOLD Coupling in Schizophrenia at Rest.
Neuronal network mechanisms associated with depressive symptom improvement following electroconvulsive therapy
Medial temporal lobe activity associated with the successful retrieval of destination memory.
Predicting IQ change from brain structure: A cross-validation study
A meta-analytic review of multisensory imagery identifies the neural correlates of modality-specific and modality-general imagery
Genetic Influence on Nociceptive Processing in the Human Brain—A Twin Study
Neural Correlates of Syntax and Proto-Syntax: Evolutionary Dimension
"The hippocampus is involved in mental navigation for a recently learned, but not a highly familiar environment: a longitudinal fMRI study."
Neural mechanisms of negative reinforcement in children and adolescents with autism spectrum disorders
Resting-state brain activity in Chinese boys with low functioning autism spectrum disorder
Abnormal White Matter Integrity in Adolescents with Internet Addiction Disorder: A Tract-Based Spatial Statistics Study
Long-term total sleep deprivation decreases the default spontaneous activity and connectivity pattern in healthy male subjects: a resting-state fMRI study
Cortical presentation of language functions in patients after total laryngectomy: a fMRI study
Functional asymmetry between the left and right human fusiform gyrus explored through electrical brain stimulation.
Impact of pressure as a tactile stimulus on working memory in healthy participants
"Brain Structural Differences between Normal and Obese Adults and their Links with Lack of Perseverance, Negative Urgency, and Sensation Seeking"
Cross multivariate correlation coefficients as screening tool for analysis of concurrent EEG‐fMRI recordings
"Anticipatory Regulation of Action Control in a Simon Task: Behavioral, Electrophysiological, and fMRI Correlates"
Synergetic reorganization of the contralateral structure and function in patients with unilateral frontal glioma
Patterns of Gray Matter Abnormalities in Schizophrenia Based on an International Mega-analysis.
Learning positive social information reduces racial bias as indexed by N400 response
Brain Bases of Working Memory for Time Intervals in Rhythmic Sequences
Altered spatiotemporal consistency in pediatric bipolar disorder patients with and without psychotic symptoms
Hierarchical multi-atlas label fusion with multi-scale feature representation and label-specific patch partition.
Cortical Thickness Changes Associated with Photoparoxysmal Response.
Parafoveal vision reveals qualitative differences between fusiform face area and parahippocampal place area
Attenuated neuronal and autonomic responses during error processing in anorexia nervosa
Amnestic mild cognitive impairment in Parkinson’s disease: White matter structural changes and mechanisms
Decreased Efficiency of Between-Network Dynamics During Early Memory Consolidation With Aging
Situation updating during discourse comprehension recruits right posterior portion of the multiple‐demand network
Neural mechanisms of reward and loss processing in a low-income sample of at-risk adolescents
Cognitive regulation of food craving: Effects of three cognitive reappraisal strategies on neural response to palatable foods
It is a matter of perspective: Attentional focus rather than dietary restraint drives brain responses to food stimuli.
"Abnormal dynamic functional connectivity of thalamic subregions in patients with first-episode, drug-naïve major depressive disorder"
Cortical morphology predicts placebo response in multiple sclerosis
Corticolimbic hyper-response to emotion and glutamatergic function in people with high schizotypy: a multimodal fMRI-MRS study
Rich-club connectivity and structural connectome organization in youth at clinical high-risk for psychosis and individuals with early illness schizophrenia.
Neural Activation in the Ventromedial Prefrontal Cortex Precedes Conscious Experience of Being in or out of a Transient Hallucinatory State
Children With Reading Difficulty Rely on Unimodal Neural Processing for Phonemic Awareness
"Cognition, emotion and reward networks associated with sex differences for romantic appraisals"
Neural correlates of distinct cognitive phenotypes in early Parkinson's disease.
Orthodontic tooth separation activates the hypothalamic area in the human brain
Forethought in Youth with Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder: An fMRI Study of Sex-Specific Differences
Features and Extra-Striate Body Area Representations of Diagnostic Body Parts in Anger and Fear Perception
Increased spontaneous activity of the superior frontal gyrus with reduced functional connectivity to visual attention areas and cerebellum in male smokers
Neural correlates of risky decision making in Parkinson's disease patients with impulse control disorders.
How face blurring affects body language processing of static gestures in women and men
Neuroplasticity of cognitive control networks following cognitive training for chronic traumatic brain injury☆
Gender Differences Are Encoded Differently in the Structure and Function of the Human Brain Revealed by Multimodal MRI
Identification of a Brain Network Underlying the Execution of Freely Chosen Movements.
Auditory Feedback Differentially Modulates Behavioral and Neural Markers of Objective and Subjective Performance When Tapping to Your Heartbeat
Achieving affective human–virtual agent communication by enabling virtual agents to imitate positive expressions
Neural mechanisms of vibrotactile categorization.
An fMRI Study of Response and Semantic Conflict in the Stroop Task
Brain activity during a working memory task after daily caffeine intake and caffeine withdrawal: a randomized double-blind placebo-controlled trial
Dissociable Posterior and Anterior Insula Activations in Processing Negative Stimulus Before and After the Application of Cognitive Reappraisals
"Theta and alpha EEG frequency interplay in subjects with mild cognitive impairment: evidence from EEG, MRI, and SPECT brain modifications"
Linking Pain Sensation to the Autonomic Nervous System: The Role of the Anterior Cingulate and Periaqueductal Gray Resting-State Networks
Associations Between Altered Cerebral Activity Patterns and Psychosocial Disorders in Patients With Psychogenic Erectile Dysfunction: A Mediation Analysis of fMRI
Acupuncture modulates temporal neural responses in wide brain networks: evidence from fMRI study
Extremely preterm children demonstrate hyperconnectivity during verb generation: A multimodal approach
Dynamic Transitions Between Brain States Predict Auditory Attentional Fluctuations
Immediate processing of erotic stimuli in paedophilia and controls: a case control study
A randomized pharmacological fMRI trial investigating d-cycloserine and brain plasticity mechanisms in learned pain responses
Dysfunction in superior frontal gyrus associated with diphasic dyskinesia in Parkinson’s disease
Environmental layout complexity affects neural activity during navigation in humans.
Amyloid pathway-based candidate gene analysis of [11C]PiB-PET in the Alzheimer’s Disease Neuroimaging Initiative (ADNI) cohort
A single dose of cannabidiol modulates medial temporal and striatal function during fear processing in people at clinical high risk for psychosis
Altered intra- and interregional synchronization in relapsing–remitting multiple sclerosis: a resting-state fMRI study
Substance use is associated with worse mental health and altered resting state functional connectivity in female university athletes at baseline: A pilot study
Deficits in sustained attention in adolescents with bipolar disorder during their first manic episode.
More proactive but less efficient: The effect of trait self-control on emotion regulation and its neural mechanisms.
Trait related aberrant connectivity in clinically stable patients with schizophrenia: A seed based resting state fMRI study
Activation of Right Ventral Prefrontal Cortex Using a Predictive Cue during Visual Spatial Orienting of Attentional Processes: An fMRI Study
Altered resting-state functional activity in isolated pontine infarction patients with pathological laughing and crying
Effectiveness and functional magnetic resonance imaging outcomes of Tuina therapy in patients with post-stroke depression: A randomized controlled trial
"Clinical, cortical thickness and neural activity predictors of future affective lability in youth at risk for bipolar disorder: initial discovery and independent sample replication"
Effective connectivity between superior temporal gyrus and Heschl’s gyrus during white noise listening: linear versus non-linear models
Hippocampal Sclerosis Affects fMR-Adaptation of Lyrics and Melodies in Songs
A functional dissociation of the left frontal regions that contribute to single word production tasks
Posterior parietal influences on visual network specialization during development: An fMRI study of functional connectivity in children ages 9 to 12.
Error-related brain state analysis using electroencephalography in conjunction with functional near-infrared spectroscopy during a complex surgical motor task
Age of Bilingual Onset Shapes the Dynamics of Functional Connectivity and Laterality in the Resting-State
"Threat Detection in Nearby Space Mobilizes Human Ventral Premotor Cortex, Intraparietal Sulcus, and Amygdala"
Alerted default mode: functional connectivity changes in the aftermath of social stress
Brain Hemispheric Asymmetry in Schizophrenia and Bipolar Disorder
Detection of central circuits implicated in the formation of novel pain memories
Involvement of bilateral insula in brand extension evaluation: an fMRI study
Behavioral and neural responses during fear conditioning and extinction in a large transdiagnostic sample
"Resting-State fMRI in Predicting Response to Treatment With SSRIs in First-Episode, Drug-Naive Patients With Major Depressive Disorder"
Differences in Cortical Structure and Functional MRI Connectivity in High Functioning Autism
Resting-state connectivity alterations during transient global amnesia
Predicting Ventral Striatal Activation During Reward Anticipation From Functional Connectivity at Rest
Combined rs‐fMRI study on brain functional imaging and mechanism of RAGE‐DAMPs of depression: Evidence from MDD patients to chronic stress‐induced depression models in cynomolgus monkeys and mice
Neural differences in self-perception during illness and after weight-recovery in anorexia nervosa
Cortical lateralization of cheirosensory processing in callosal dysgenesis
Intrinsic Connectivity Networks in the Self- and Other-Referential Processing
Neural oscillations during motor imagery of complex gait: an HdEEG study
Networks Are Associated With Depression in Patients With Parkinson’s Disease: A Resting-State Imaging Study
Peers and parents: a comparison between neural activation when winning for friends and mothers in adolescence
Developmental dyslexia in Chinese and English populations: dissociating the effect of dyslexia from language differences
Atypical developmental trajectory of local spontaneous brain activity in autism spectrum disorder
Altered Functional Hubs and Connectivity in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Without Mild Cognitive Impairment
On the neuro-cognitive foundations of basic auditory number processing: an fMRI study
Stimulation of distinct parietal locations differentiates frontal versus hippocampal network involvement in memory formation
"Exploring the brains of Baduk (Go) experts: gray matter morphometry, resting-state functional connectivity, and graph theoretical analysis"
Frequency-specific alterations of regional homogeneity in subcortical stroke patients with different outcomes in hand function.
Maladaptive self-focused attention and default mode network connectivity: a transdiagnostic investigation across social anxiety and body dysmorphic disorders
Mesocorticolimbic Interactions Mediate fMRI-Guided Regulation of Self-Generated Affective States
The Action Representation Elicited by Different Types of Drug-Related Cues in Heroin-Abstinent Individuals
Brain activation in individuals suffering from bulimia nervosa and control subjects during sweet and sour taste stimuli
Aberrant functional connectivity within and between brain networks in patients with early-onset bipolar disorder.
Low HDL Cholesterol is Associated with Lower Gray Matter Volume in Cognitively Healthy Adults
"The Relationship Between Vitamin D, Clinical Manifestations, and Functional Network Connectivity in Female Patients With Major Depressive Disorder"
Voxel based morphometry-detected white matter volume loss after multi-modality treatment in high grade glioma patients
Explore the effects of overweight and smoking on spontaneous brain activity: Independent and reverse
Prefrontal tDCS modulates risk-taking in male violent offenders
Atypical brain structural connectivity and social cognition in childhood maltreatment and peer victimisation
Being the Gatekeeper: How Thinking about Sharing Affects Neural Encoding of Information
Brain activation during the expectations of sensory experience for cutaneous electrical stimulation
Insular and Hippocampal Gray Matter Volume Reductions in Patients with Major Depressive Disorder
The Medial Thalamus Plays an Important Role in the Cognitive and Emotional Modulation of Orofacial Pain: A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging-Based Study
Default network interactivity during mentalizing about known others is modulated by age and social closeness
Abnormal amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations associated with rapid-eye movement in chronic primary insomnia patients
Development of the mentalizing network structures and theory of mind in extremely preterm youth
Increased Thalamocortical Connectivity in Schizophrenia Correlates With Sleep Spindle Deficits: Evidence for a Common Pathophysiology.
Increase or Decrease of fMRI Activity in Adult Attention Deficit/ Hyperactivity Disorder: Does It Depend on Task Difficulty?
Neuroprotective Effects of Motherhood on Brain Function in Late Life: A Resting-State fMRI Study.
Same Same but Different. Different Trigeminal Chemoreceptors Share the Same Central Pathway
Acupoint-brain (acubrain) mapping: Common and distinct cortical language regions activated by focused ultrasound stimulation on two language-relevant acupoints.
The connectome‐based prediction of trust propensity in older adults: A resting‐state functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Automatic adaptive emotion regulation is associated with lower emotion-related activation in the frontoparietal cortex and other cortical regions with multi-componential organization
Community violence exposure correlates with smaller gray matter volume and lower IQ in urban adolescents.
Altered regional brain T2 relaxation times in individuals with chronic orofacial neuropathic pain
Influence of Multiple Cardiovascular Risk Factors on Task-Switching in Older Adults: An fMRI Study
Prior Visual Experience Modulates Learning of Sound Localization Among Blind Individuals
Impaired neural networks for approximate calculation in dyscalculic children: a functional MRI study
Gray matter alterations in adults with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder identified by voxel based morphometry.
Acupuncture With deqi Modulates the Hemodynamic Response and Functional Connectivity of the Prefrontal-Motor Cortical Network
Electroacupuncture alleviates pain after total knee arthroplasty through regulating neuroplasticity: A resting‐state functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Longitudinal MRI analysis using a hybrid DenseNet-BiLSTM method for Alzheimer's disease prediction.
Gender differences in major depressive disorders: A resting state fMRI study
Neural Correlates of Executed Compared to Imagined Writing and Drawing Movements: A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
"Gray matter declines with age and hearing loss, but is partially maintained in tinnitus"
Distinct Changes in Global Brain Synchronization in Early-Onset vs. Late-Onset Parkinson Disease
Predicting Alcohol-Related Memory Problems in Older Adults: A Machine Learning Study with Multi-Domain Features
Impact of Apolipoprotein E4 Polymorphism on the Gray Matter Volume and the White Matter Integrity in Subjective Memory Impairment without White Matter Hyperintensities: Voxel-Based Morphometry and Tract-Based Spatial Statistics Study under 3-Tesla MRI.
Test-retest reliability of resting-state cerebral blood flow quantification using pulsed Arterial Spin Labeling (PASL) over 3 weeks vs 8 weeks in healthy controls.
Predicting Performances on Processing and Memorizing East Asian Faces from Brain Activities in Face-Selective Regions: A Neurocomputational Approach
Association between gaming disorder and regional homogeneity in highly involved male adult gamers: A pilot resting‐state fMRI study
The date/delay effect in intertemporal choice: A combined fMRI and eye‐tracking study
Disrupted parahippocampal and midbrain function underlie slower verbal learning in adolescent-onset regular cannabis use
Cerebral Blood Flow Difference Between Acute and Chronic Tinnitus Perception: A Perfusion Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Temporal variability of regional intrinsic neural activity in drug‐naïve patients with obsessive–compulsive disorder
Pomegranate Juice Augments Memory and fMRI Activity in Middle-Aged and Older Adults with Mild Memory Complaints
Neurological Soft Signs Are Associated With Altered Cerebellar-Cerebral Functional Connectivity in Schizophrenia.
Altered regional homogeneity in experimentally induced low back pain: a resting-state fMRI study
Individual Differences in Anticipatory Somatosensory Cortex Activity for Shock is Positively Related with Trait Anxiety and Multisensory Integration
A high-resolution 7-Tesla fMRI dataset from complex natural stimulation with an audio movie
Early Spatial Frequency Processing of Natural Images: An ERP Study
Investigating amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation and possible links with cognitive impairment in childhood and adolescence onset schizophrenia: a correlation study
Genes Associated with Altered Brain Structure and Function in Obstructive Sleep Apnea
Structural and functional brain alterations associated with cancer‐associated cognitive decline in gastric cancer patients: A preliminary longitudinal neuroimaging study
Does Chronic Tinnitus Alter the Emotional Response Function of the Amygdala?: A Sound-Evoked fMRI Study
White matter microstructure in individuals at clinical high risk of psychosis: a whole-brain diffusion tensor imaging study.
Autistic empathy toward autistic others
Neural Correlates of Associative Memory in the Elderly: A Resting-State Functional MRI Study
"Play it again, Sam: brain correlates of emotional music recognition"
Amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations in multiple-frequency bands in patients with intracranial tuberculosis: a prospective cross-sectional study
BNST and amygdala connectivity are altered during threat anticipation in schizophrenia.
Alterations in regional homogeneity and multiple frequency amplitudes of low-frequency fluctuation in patients with new daily persistent headache: a resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Through the looking glass: Distinguishing neural correlates of relational and non-relational self-reference and person representation.
Scalp acupuncture enhances local brain regions functional activities and functional connections between cerebral hemispheres in acute ischemic stroke patients
Altered resting-state functional connectivity in adolescents is associated with PTSD symptoms and trauma exposure
Reduced default mode network suppression during a working memory task in remitted major depression
"Altered resting-state functional connectivity in emotion-processing brain
regions in adults who were born very preterm"
Cortical Gray Matter and Hippocampal Atrophy in Idiopathic Rapid Eye Movement Sleep Behavior Disorder
Pattern classification of brain activation during emotional processing in subclinical depression: psychosis proneness as potential confounding factor
Connectome-based predictive modeling of trait forgiveness
A Specific and Rapid Neural Signature for Parental Instinct
Revealing the mechanism of central pain hypersensitivity in primary dysmenorrhea: evidence from neuroimaging
Vocal Tract Images Reveal Neural Representations of Sensorimotor Transformation During Speech Imitation
Abnormal Cerebrovascular Reactivity and Functional Connectivity Caused by White Matter Hyperintensity Contribute to Cognitive Decline
Effects of Savoring Meditation on Positive Emotions and Pain-Related Brain Function: A Mechanistic Randomized Controlled Trial in People With Rheumatoid Arthritis
Tormenting thoughts: The posterior cingulate sulcus of the default mode network regulates valence of thoughts and activity in the brain's pain network during music listening
Spontaneous brain state oscillation is associated with self-reported anxiety in a non-clinical sample
The Frontal and Cerebellar Metabolism Related to Cognitive Dysfunction in Multiple System Atrophy
Who am I with my Lewy bodies? The insula as a core region of the self-concept networks
Neuroplastic Reorganization Induced by Sensory Augmentation for Self-Localization During Locomotion
Recruiting population controls for case-control studies in sub-Saharan Africa: The Ghana Breast Health Study
Spoken language proficiency predicts print-speech convergence in beginning readers.
Neurocognitive decision-making processes of casual methamphetamine users
Frequency-Specific Functional Connectivity Density as an Effective Biomarker for Adolescent Generalized Anxiety Disorder
A Functional Data Method for Causal Dynamic Network Modeling of Task-Related fMRI
Intrinsic Brain Activity of Inferior Temporal Region Increased in Prodromal Alzheimer's Disease With Hearing Loss
Altered Insular Function during Aberrant Salience Processing in Relation to the Severity of Psychotic Symptoms
Personalized prediction of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation clinical response in medication-refractory depression data
Stimulus-independent and stimulus-dependent neural networks underpin placebo analgesia responsiveness in humans
Altered functional connectivity of amygdala underlying the neuromechanism of migraine pathogenesis
"Decreased emotional reactivity after 3-month socio-affective but not attention- or meta-cognitive-based mental training: A randomized, controlled, longitudinal fMRI study."
Impaired white matter microstructure associated with severe depressive symptoms in patients with PD.
"Global gray matter morphometry differences between children with reading disability, ADHD, and comorbid reading disability/ADHD."
Dynamic Alterations in Functional Connectivity Density in Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
"Highlight results, don't hide them: Enhance interpretation, reduce biases and improve reproducibility."
Cerebral cortical hemodynamic metrics to aid in assessing pain levels? A pilot study of functional near-infrared spectroscopy
The ventromedial prefrontal cortex in response to threat omission is associated with subsequent explicit safety memory
Brain morphometric abnormalities and their associations with affective symptoms in males with methamphetamine use disorder during abstinence
Age-related differences in brain activations during spatial memory formation in a well-learned virtual Morris water maze (vMWM) task.
Power Spectral Density and Functional Connectivity Changes due to a Sensorimotor Neurofeedback Training: A Preliminary Study
Temporal Dynamics in Degree Centrality of Brain Functional Connectome in First-Episode Schizophrenia with Different Short-Term Treatment Responses: A Longitudinal Study
Neural correlates of working memory and compensation at different stages of cognitive impairment in Parkinson’s disease
Abnormal Intrinsic Functional Interactions Within Pain Network in Cervical Discogenic Pain
Stereoscopic Rendering via Goggles Elicits Higher Functional Connectivity During Virtual Reality Gaming
Blue light exposure enhances neural efficiency of the task positive network during a cognitive interference task.
Developmental Trajectories of Letter and Speech Sound Integration During Reading Acquisition
Connectivity reveals homology between the visual systems of the human and macaque brains
Brain Activity during Visual and Auditory Word Rhyming Tasks in Cantonese–Mandarin–English Trilinguals
Salience network and cognitive impairment in Parkinson’s disease
Correcting Task fMRI Signals for Variability in Baseline CBF Improves BOLD-Behavior Relationships: A Feasibility Study in an Aging Model
Hydroxyurea maintains working memory function in pediatric sickle cell disease
Stability of Kinect for range of motion analysis in static stretching exercises
Children with strabismus and amblyopia presented abnormal spontaneous brain activities measured through fractional amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation (fALFF)
Neuroanatomical Predictors of Functional Outcome in Individuals at Ultra-High Risk for Psychosis.
Dynamic Alterations of Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuations in Patients With Drug-Naïve First-Episode Early Onset Schizophrenia
No effect of a dopaminergic modulation fMRI task by amisulpride and L-DOPA on reward anticipation in healthy volunteers
Examining brain structures associated with dispositional envy and the mediation role of emotional intelligence
"Neural Response After a Single ECT Session During Retrieval of Emotional Self-Referent Words in Depression: A Randomized, Sham-Controlled fMRI Study"
"Associations Between Smoking Abstinence, Inhibitory Control, and Smoking Behavior: An fMRI Study"
Neural substrates of deficient cognitive control in individuals with severe internet gaming disorder
"Exposure to violence is associated with decreased neural connectivity in emotion regulation and cognitive control, but not working memory, networks after accounting for socioeconomic status: a preliminary study"
The effect of midlife cardiovascular risk factors on white matter hyperintensity volume and cognition two decades later in normal ageing women.
An altered scaffold for information processing: Cognitive control development in adolescents with autism.
Insula response to unpredictable and predictable aversiveness in individuals with panic disorder and comorbid depression
Anonymity in sharing morally salient news: the causal role of the temporoparietal junction.
Alterations in serotonin transporter and body image-related cognition in anorexia nervosa
"Changes in Gray Matter Density, Regional Homogeneity, and Functional Connectivity in Methamphetamine-Associated Psychosis: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging (fMRI) Study"
Paradoxical somatic information processing for interoception and anxiety in alexithymia
Functional and clinical outcomes of FMRI-based neurofeedback training in patients with alcohol dependence: a pilot study
Neuroimaging mimics of anoxic brain injury: A review.
Altered Functional Connectivity Between the Cerebellum and the Cortico-Striato-Thalamo-Cortical Circuit in Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder
Verbal Paired Associates and the Hippocampus: The Role of Scenes
Brain activation to cannabis- and alcohol-related words in alcohol use disorder.
Improving the Characterization of Radiologically Isolated Syndrome Suggestive of Multiple Sclerosis
Dexmedetomidine inhibits unstable motor network in patients with primary motor area gliomas
Towards a constructionist approach to emotions: verification of the three-dimensional model of affect with EEG-independent component analysis
The effect of action contingency on social perception is independent of person-like appearance and is related to deactivation of the frontal component of the self-agency network
Tinnitus Abnormal Brain Region Detection Based on Dynamic Causal Modeling and Exponential Ranking
Brain metabolism and cerebrospinal fluid biomarkers profile of non-amnestic mild cognitive impairment in comparison to amnestic mild cognitive impairment and normal older subjects
Reach-relevant somatosensory signals modulate activity in the tactile suppression network.
The right temporoparietal junction encodes efforts of others during action observation
Prognostic value of cortically induced motor evoked activity by TMS in chronic stroke: Caveats from a revealing single clinical case
Gray/White Matter Contrast in Parkinson’s Disease
"Ventral–Dorsal Subregions in the Posterior Cingulate Cortex Represent Pay and Interest, Two Key Attributes of Job Value"
Psychological characteristics associated with the brain volume of patients with fibromyalgia
Face Coding Is Bilateral in the Female Brain
Sex differences in frontotemporal atrophy in CADASIL revealed by 7-Tesla MRI
Altered Brain Functional Connectivity in Small-Cell Lung Cancer Patients after Chemotherapy Treatment: A Resting-State fMRI Study
A Resting State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study of Unmedicated Adolescents With Non-suicidal Self-Injury Behaviors: Evidence From the Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuation and Regional Homogeneity Indicator
Decoding rule search domain in the left inferior frontal gyrus
Acute hyperglycaemia leads to altered frontal lobe brain activity and reduced working memory in type 2 diabetes
Somatization Severity Associated with Postero-Medial Complex Structures
Social support modulates the neural correlates underlying social exclusion
The Semantic Variant of Primary Progressive Aphasia: Clinical and Neuroimaging Evidence in Single Subjects
The affective processing of loved familiar faces and names: Integrating fMRI and heart rate
Alterations of brain activity in multiple system atrophy patients with freezing of gait: A resting-state fMRI study
Functional changes in the salience network of patients with amnesic mild cognitive impairment before and after repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation
Altered Brain Structure in Chronic Visceral Pain: Specific Differences in Gray Matter Volume and Associations With Visceral Symptoms and Chronic Stress
Neural Correlates of Self-Construal Priming in the Ultimatum Game
Functional network and structural connections involved in picture naming.
"Computerized Music-Reading Intervention Improves Resistance to Unisensory Distraction Within a Multisensory Task, in Young and Older Adults"
The association between local brain structure and disgust propensity
Altered static and dynamic spontaneous neural activity in patients with ischemic pontine stroke
Motor-Cortical Interaction in Gilles de la Tourette Syndrome
Detection of Abnormal Spontaneous Brain Activity Patterns in Patients With Orbital Fractures Using Fractional Amplitude of Low Frequency Fluctuation
Mitochondrial DNA Copy Number Raises the Potential of Left Frontopolar Hemodynamic Response as a Diagnostic Marker for Distinguishing Bipolar Disorder From Major Depressive Disorder
Brain Functional Alternations of the Pain-related Emotional and Cognitive Regions in Patients with Chronic Shoulder Pain
Rewards Enhance Proactive and Reactive Control in Adolescence and Adulthood
Changed brain entropy and functional connectivity patterns induced by electroconvulsive therapy in majoy depression disorder.
Resting-state connectivity within the brain’s reward system predicts weight loss and correlates with leptin
Differential Cortical Gray Matter Deficits in Adolescent- and Adult-Onset First-Episode Treatment-Naïve Patients with Schizophrenia
Lower prefrontal activation during emotion regulation in subjects at ultrahigh risk for psychosis: an fMRI-study
Neural correlates of phonology-to-orthography mapping consistency effects on Chinese spoken word recognition.
Brain connectivity in the left frontotemporal network dynamically modulated by processing difficulty: Evidence from Chinese relative clauses
The Effect of Cognitive Load on the Retrieval of Long-Term Memory: An fMRI Study
Gray-matter volume in methamphetamine dependence: cigarette smoking and changes with abstinence from methamphetamine.
Supramodal Sentence Processing in the Human Brain: fMRI Evidence for the Influence of Syntactic Complexity in More Than 200 Participants
"Altered spontaneous neural activity in the precuneus, middle and superior frontal gyri, and hippocampus in college students with subclinical depression"
Comparison between inferior frontal gyrus intrinsic connectivity network and verb-generation task fMRI network for presurgical language mapping in healthy controls and in glioma patients.
Association of plasma tryptophan concentration with periaqueductal gray matter functional connectivity in migraine patients
High-Density Electroencephalography-Informed Multiband Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Reveals Rhythm-Specific Activations Within the Trigeminal Nociceptive Network
Grey-matter network disintegration as predictor of cognitive and motor function with aging
"Senior Dance Experience, Cognitive Performance, and Brain Volume in Older Women"
Neural correlates of reward-directed action and inhibition of action.
Combined varenicline and naltrexone attenuates alcohol cue-elicited activation in heavy drinking smokers.
Differential Impact of Anxious Misery Psychopathology on Multiple Representations of the Functional Connectome
Aberrant Cerebellar–Cerebral Functional Connectivity in Children and Adolescents With Autism Spectrum Disorder
Reward anticipation and punishment anticipation are instantiated in the brain via opponent mechanisms.
Left Inferior Frontal Gyrus Participates in Mediating the Renewal Effect Irrespective of Context Salience
Alcohol use in young adults associated with cortical gyrification.
Cerebral correlates of faking: evidence from a brief implicit association test on doping attitudes
Neural correlates of delusional infestation responding to aripiprazole monotherapy: a case report
"Human, Nature, Dynamism: The Effects of Content and Movement Perception on Brain Activations during the Aesthetic Judgment of Representational Paintings"
The hippocampal region is necessary for text comprehension and memorization: a combined VBM/DTI study in neuropsychological patients.
Change in brain activation after transcranial pulsed electromagnetic fields in treatment-resistant depression.
Distinctive responses in anterior temporal lobe and ventrolateral prefrontal cortex during categorization of semantic information
Amygdala structural and functional reorganization as an indicator of affective dysfunction in patients with tinnitus
Fiber connectivity between the striatum and cortical and subcortical regions is associated with temperaments in Chinese males.
Acute Stress Enhances Emotional Face Processing in the Aging Brain.
Meta-analysis of magnetic resonance imaging studies in chromosome 22q11.2 deletion syndrome (velocardiofacial syndrome).
Neural mechanisms underlying sound-induced visual motion perception: An fMRI study
The shared neural basis of music and language
Prenatal manganese exposure and intrinsic functional connectivity of emotional brain areas in children
Abnormal asymmetry in benign epilepsy with unilateral and bilateral centrotemporal spikes: A combined fMRI and DTI study
Polygenic risk for depression and the neural correlates of working memory in healthy subjects
Distinct neural processes support post-success and post-error slowing in the stop signal task
Neural activity during attentional conflict predicts reduction in tinnitus perception following rTMS
Frontal assessment battery and frontal atrophy in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis
"Patterns of activation and de-activation associated with cue-guided spatial navigation: A whole-brain, voxel-based study"
Functional and structural changes in gray matter of parkinson's disease patients with mild cognitive impairment
Amygdala functional disconnection with the prefrontal-cingulate-temporal circuit in chronic tinnitus patients with depressive mood
Aberrant link between empathy and social attribution style in borderline personality disorder
Bimodal odor processing with a trigeminal component at sub- and suprathreshold levels
Functional connectivity of the left DLPFC to striatum predicts treatment response of depression to TMS
Activity in part of the neural correlates of consciousness reflects integration
Frequency-specific alteration of functional connectivity density in antipsychotic-naive adolescents with early-onset schizophrenia
Does education play a role in language reorganization after surgery in drug refractory temporal lobe epilepsy: An fMRI based study?
Altered language network in benign childhood epilepsy patients with spikes from non-dominant side: A resting-state fMRI study
"The clinical application of fMRI data in a single-patient diagnostic conundrum: Classifying brain response to experimental pain to distinguish between gastrointestinal, depressive and eating disorder symptoms"
Decreased cerebral blood flow in the primary motor cortex in major depressive disorder with psychomotor retardation
Abnormal long- and short-range functional connectivity in adolescent-onset schizophrenia patients: A resting-state fMRI study
Attempts at memory control induce dysfunctional brain activation profiles in Generalized Anxiety Disorder: An exploratory fMRI study
Contributions of polygenic risk for obesity to PTSD-related metabolic syndrome and cortical thickness
Alexithymic trait is associated with right IFG and pre-SMA activation in non-emotional response inhibition in healthy subjects
Emotion regulation in mood and anxiety disorders: A meta-analysis of fMRI cognitive reappraisal studies
Intrinsic functional connectivity of the central nucleus of the amygdala and bed nucleus of the stria terminalis
Comparative functional neuroanatomy between implicit and explicit memory tasks under negative emotional condition in schizophrenia
Neural evidence for the intrinsic value of action as motivation for behavior
Sensorimotor-independent development of hands and tools selectivity in the visual cortex
Examining gray matter structure associated with academic performance in a large sample of Chinese high school students
Effects of low frequency rTMS treatment on brain networks for inner speech in patients with schizophrenia and auditory verbal hallucinations
The Lateral Occipito-temporal Cortex Is Involved in the Mental Manipulation of Body Part Imagery
Resting-state functional connectivity of the amygdala in suicide attempters with major depressive disorder
Neural dynamics underlying varying attentional control facing invariant cognitive task upon invariant stimuli
The neural correlates of theory of mind and their role during empathy and the game of chess: A functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Mental arithmetic in the bilingual brain: Language matters
Pilot test of a novel food response and attention training treatment for obesity: Brain imaging data suggest actions shape valuation
Molecular imaging of serotonin degeneration in mild cognitive impairment
Cognitive avoidance and aversive cues related to tobacco in male smokers
Strategy‐based reasoning training modulates cortical thickness and resting‐state functional connectivity in adults with chronic traumatic brain injury†
Neural correlates of believing
Audiovisual speech integration in the superior temporal region is dysfunctional in dyslexia
Altered brain function in new onset childhood acute lymphoblastic leukemia before chemotherapy: A resting-state fMRI study
Microstructural alterations of white matter in juvenile myoclonic epilepsy
Functional MRI examination of empathy for pain in people with schizophrenia reveals abnormal activation related to cognitive perspective-taking but typical activation linked to affective sharing
Sex differences in the clinical characteristics and brain gray matter volume alterations in unmedicated patients with major depressive disorder
Centrality of prefrontal and motor preparation cortices to Tourette Syndrome revealed by meta-analysis of task-based neuroimaging studies
Is the mirror neuron system involved in imitation? A short review and meta-analysis.
Changes in resting state functional brain connectivity and withdrawal symptoms are associated with acute electronic cigarette use
Alterations of regional homogeneity in freezing of gait in Parkinson's disease.
Structural and functional improvements due to robot-assisted gait training in the stroke-injured brain.
Functional connectivity in ASD: Atypical pathways in brain networks supporting action observation and joint attention.
The relationship between altered degree centrality and cognitive function in mild subcortical stroke: A resting-state fMRI study.
Neurofunctional Components of Simple Calculation: A Magnetoencephalography Study.
Statistical Learning of Frequent Distractor Locations in Visual Search Involves Regional Signal Suppression in Early Visual Cortex.
White matter changes in preclinical Alzheimer's disease: a magnetic resonance imaging-diffusion tensor imaging study on cognitively normal older people with positive amyloid β protein 42 levels.
Neural mechanisms underlying the processing of emotional stimuli in individuals with depression: An ALE meta-analysis study.
Neural substrates underlying episodic future thinking: A voxel-based morphometry study.
Fine-grain atlases of functional modes for fMRI analysis.
Moral Conflict in Economic Decision Making: The Role of the Anterior Cingulate Cortex-Striatum Pathway.
Subcallosal cingulate gyrus deep brain stimulation for treatment-resistant depression.
Neural correlates of subjective arousal and valence in health and panic disorder.
DIKA-Nets: Domain-invariant knowledge-guided attention networks for brain skull stripping of early developing macaques.
Circadian modulation of human reward function: Is there an evidentiary signal in existing neuroimaging studies?
Frontoparietal network abnormalities of gray matter volume and functional connectivity in patients with generalized anxiety disorder.
Changes of white matter microstructure after successful treatment of bipolar depression.
ADHD desynchronizes brain activity during watching a distracted multi-talker conversation.
Clarifying the neural substrates of threat and safety reversal learning in humans.
Choice-predictive activity in parietal cortex during source memory decisions.
Linear Representation of Emotions in Whole Persons by Combining Facial and Bodily Expressions in the Extrastriate Body Area.
"Salience, central executive, and sensorimotor network functional connectivity alterations in failed back surgery syndrome"
Frequency specific changes in regional cerebral blood flow and motor system connectivity following rTMS to the primary motor cortex.
Conjoint and dissociated structural and functional abnormalities in first-episode drug-naive patients with major depressive disorder: a multimodal meta-analysis
Cognition in patients with benign epilepsy with centrotemporal spikes: A study with long-term VEEG and RS-fMRI
An investigation of potential neural correlates of intrusive retrieval of distressing memories
Attentional control underlies the perceptual load effect: Evidence from voxel-wise degree centrality and resting-state functional connectivity
Association between resting-state brain network topological organization and creative ability: Evidence from a multiple linear regression model
Neural correlates of the complexity of rhythmic finger tapping.
Parametric analysis of rate-dependent hemodynamic response functions of cortical  and subcortical brain structures during auditorily cued finger tapping: a fMRI study.
"Brain activity correlates differentially with increasing temporal complexity of rhythms during initialisation, synchronisation, and continuation phases of paced  finger tapping."
Comparison of unilateral and bilateral complex finger tapping-related activation  in premotor and primary motor cortex.
The dorsal premotor cortex orchestrates concurrent speech and fingertapping movements.
Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study Comparing Rhythmic Finger Tapping in Children and Adults
Listening to speech activates motor areas involved in speech production.
fMRI study of bimanual coordination.
Cortical activations during paced finger-tapping applying visual and auditory pacing stimuli.
Frequency-dependent changes of regional cerebral blood flow during finger movements.
The effect of tapping finger and mode differences on cortical and subcortical activities: a PET study.
Control of action as mediated by the human frontal lobe.
Human brain areas involved in the analysis of auditory movement.
The modulatory effects of nicotine on parietal cortex activity in a cued target detection task depend on cue reliability.
The effects of nicotine replacement on cognitive brain activity during smoking withdrawal studied with simultaneous fMRI/EEG.
Short- and long-range functional connectivity density alterations in adolescents with pure conduct disorder at resting-state
Voxel-based analysis of diffusion tensor imaging in patients with mesial temporal lobe epilepsy
Neural activation during cognitive reappraisal in girls at high risk for depression
Altered reward expectancy in individuals with recent methamphetamine dependence
Alteration of the alertness-related network in patients with right temporal lobe epilepsy: A resting state fMRI study
Brain resting state functional magnetic resonance imaging in patients with takotsubo cardiomyopathy an inseparable pair of brain and heart
Neural mechanisms of human temporal fear conditioning
Acupuncture treatment modulates the corticostriatal reward circuitry in major depressive disorder
Functional changes in brain activity after hypnosis in patients with dental phobia
Distributed patterns of occipito-parietal functional connectivity predict the precision of visual working memory
The role of the left inferior parietal lobule in second language learning: An intensive language training fMRI study
Brain Activity in Patients With Adductor Spasmodic Dysphonia Detected by Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging
Abnormal dynamics of cortical resting state functional connectivity in chronic headache patients
A human chemosignal modulates frontolimbic activity and connectivity in response to emotional stimuli
Abnormalities in the structural covariance of emotion regulation networks in major depressive disorder
Abnormal resting-state functional connectivity study in unilateral pulsatile tinnitus patients with single etiology: A seed-based functional connectivity study
Functional neuroimaging of visual creativity: a systematic review and meta‐analysis
Altered basal ganglia-cortical functional connections in frontal lobe epilepsy: A resting-state fMRI study
An Activation Likelihood Estimation Meta-Analysis Study of Simple Motor Movements in Older and Young Adults
Increased functional connectivity one week after motor learning and tDCS in stroke patients
Alterations of resting state functional network connectivity in the brain of nicotine and alcohol users
Hypoperfusion of the thalamus is associated with disability in relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis
Interaction between DRD2 variation and sound environment on mood and emotion-related brain activity
Aberrant modulation of brain activation by emotional valence during self-referential processing among patients with delusions of reference
Voice-sensitive brain networks encode talker-specific phonetic detail
The role of anxiety in stuttering: Evidence from functional connectivity
Neurofeedback training effects on inhibitory brain activation in ADHD: A matter of learning?
Increased BOLD Signals Elicited by High Gamma Auditory Stimulation of the Left Auditory Cortex in Acute State Schizophrenia
Neural correlates of emotional inhibitory control in autism spectrum disorders
Psychological intervention with working memory training increases basal ganglia volume: A VBM study of inpatient treatment for methamphetamine use
Task-related fMRI responses to a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor partial agonist in schizophrenia: A randomized trial
Decreased neural response for facial emotion processing in subjects with high genetic load for schizophrenia
Suicide attempters with Borderline Personality Disorder show differential orbitofrontal and parietal recruitment when reflecting on aversive memories
The impact of abacus training on working memory and underlying neural correlates in young adults
Global and local grey matter reductions in boys with ADHD combined type and ADHD inattentive type
Neural activation during imitation with or without performance feedback: An fMRI study
Temporo-parietal dysfunction in Tourette syndrome: Insights from an fMRI study of Theory of Mind
Atypical lateralization of motor circuit functional connectivity in children with autism is associated with motor deficits
The translocator protein gene is associated with symptom severity and cerebral pain processing in fibromyalgia
Unwanted reminders: The effects of emotional memory suppression on subsequent neuro-cognitive processing
Acute cortisol reactivity attenuates engagement of fronto-parietal and striatal regions during emotion processing in negative mood disorders
Neural correlates of olfactory and visual memory performance in 3D-simulated mazes after intranasal insulin application
Dose-dependent genotype effects of BDNF Val66Met polymorphism on default mode network in early stage Alzheimer's disease
Associations between neural correlates of visual stimulus processing and set-shifting in ill and recovered women with anorexia nervosa
Neurocognitive Effects of Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation in Arithmetic Learning and Performance: A Simultaneous tDCS-fMRI Study
Neural signature of the Food Craving Questionnaire (FCQ)-Trait
A Neural Basis for the Acquired Capability for Suicide
Neural changes associated to procedural learning and automatization process in Developmental Coordination Disorder and/or Developmental Dyslexia
Bilateral ECT induces bilateral increases in regional cortical thickness
The brain effects of laser acupuncture at thirteen ghost acupoints in healthy individuals: A resting-state functional MRI investigation
Neural signature of behavioural inhibition in women with bulimia nervosa
Dietary saturated fat and monounsaturated fat have reversible effects on brain function and the secretion of pro-inflammatory cytokines in young women
Neural correlates of RDoC reward constructs in adolescents with diverse psychiatric symptoms: A Reward Flanker Task pilot study
Sensory Processing: The inion response revisited: evidence for a possible cerebellar contribution to vestibular-evoked potentials produced by air-conducted sound stimulation
"Neural activations are related to body-shape, anxiety, and outcomes in adolescent anorexia nervosa"
Beef assessments using functional magnetic resonance imaging and sensory evaluation
Neural mechanisms of implicit cognitive reappraisal: Preceding descriptions alter emotional response to unpleasant images
Rare damaging variants in DNA repair and cell cycle pathways are associated with hippocampal and cognitive dysfunction: a combined genetic imaging study in first-episode treatment-naive patients with schizophrenia
Anterior insula signals inequalities in a modified Ultimatum Game
Short-term cerebral activity alterations after surgery in patients with unilateral mesial temporal lobe epilepsy associated with hippocampal sclerosis: A longitudinal resting-state fMRI study
Modulation of the sensorimotor system by sustained manual pressure stimulation
Mapping visual dominance in human sleep
Plasma DNA Mediate Autonomic Dysfunctions and White Matter Injuries in Patients with Parkinson's Disease
Language plasticity after hemispherotomy of the dominant hemisphere in 3 patients: Implication of non-linguistic networks
Modulation of attentional networks by food-related disinhibition
Self-face recognition shares brain regions active during proprioceptive illusion in the right inferior fronto-parietal superior longitudinal fasciculus III network
Abnormalities of localized connectivity in schizophrenia patients and their unaffected relatives: a meta-analysis of resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging studies
Influence of single-dose quetiapine on fear network activity – A pharmaco-imaging study
The interaction of emotion and pain in the insula and secondary somatosensory cortex
Development of rostral inferior parietal lobule area functional connectivity from late childhood to early adulthood
Painful After-Sensations in Fibromyalgia are Linked to Catastrophizing and Differences in Brain Response in the Medial Temporal Lobe
Usefulness of diffusion-tensor MRI in the diagnosis of Parkinson variant of multiple system atrophy and Parkinson's disease: a valuable tool to differentiate between them?
Corrigendum: Brain networks of perceptual decision-making: an fMRI ALE meta-analysis
Evidence for similar patterns of neural activity elicited by picture- and word-based representations of natural scenes
Trait-based food-cravings are encoded by regional homogeneity in the parahippocampal gyrus
Combination of volume and perfusion parameters reveals different types of grey matter changes in schizophrenia
Abnormal regional activity and functional connectivity in resting-state brain networks associated with etiology confirmed unilateral pulsatile tinnitus in the early stage of disease
Increased network centrality as markers of relapse risk in nicotine-dependent individuals treated with varenicline
Prefrontal-Parietal White Matter Volumes in Healthy Elderlies Are Decreased in Proportion to the Degree of Cardiovascular Risk and Related to Inhibitory Control Deficits
The effect of the top 20 Alzheimer disease risk genes on gray-matter density and FDG PET brain metabolism
The neural circuits for arithmetic principles
Modulation of ventral striatal activity by cognitive effort
Working memory circuit as a function of increasing age in healthy adolescence: A systematic review and meta-analyses
Shared white matter alterations across emotional disorders: A voxel-based meta-analysis of fractional anisotropy
Aberrant spontaneous low-frequency brain activity in amnestic mild cognitive impairment: A meta-analysis of resting-state fMRI studies
Intrinsic inter-network brain dysfunction correlates with symptom dimensions in late-life depression
Functional and structural connectivity of the amygdala in obsessive-compulsive disorder
Priming Hand Motor Training with Repetitive Stimulation of the Fingertips; Performance Gain and Functional Imaging of Training Effects
Abnormal spontaneous brain activity in type 2 diabetic retinopathy revealed by amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations: a resting-state fMRI study
Catechol-O-methyltransferase Val(108/158)Met polymorphism affects fronto-limbic connectivity during emotional processing in bipolar disorder
Abnormalities of regional brain function in Parkinson’s disease: a meta-analysis of resting state functional magnetic resonance imaging studies
Genetic effect of interleukin-1 beta (C-511T) polymorphism on the structural covariance network and white matter integrity in Alzheimer’s disease
Functional connectivity when detecting rare visual targets in schizophrenia
Resting state fMRI regional homogeneity correlates with cognition measures in subcortical vascular cognitive impairment
Volitional regulation of brain responses to food stimuli in overweight and obese subjects: A real-time fMRI feedback study
Altered amplitude of low frequency fluctuations in schizophrenia patients with persistent auditory verbal hallucinations
Effortful control and resting state networks: A longitudinal EEG study
Neuromodulation in response to electroconvulsive therapy in schizophrenia and major depression
Altered functional connectivity in default mode network in Internet gaming disorder: Influence of childhood ADHD
"Associations among Cognitive Functions, Plasma DNA, and White Matter Integrity in Patients with Early-Onset Parkinson's Disease"
Affordance processing in segregated parieto-frontal dorsal stream sub-pathways.
Structural characteristics of the brain reward circuit regions in patients with bipolar I disorder: A voxel-based morphometric study.
The Neural Correlates of Computational Thinking: Collaboration of Distinct Cognitive Components Revealed by fMRI.
Mortality salience enhances neural activities related to guilt and shame when recalling the past.
"Connectomic signatures of working memory deficits in depression, mania, and euthymic states of bipolar disorder."
Accurate machine learning prediction of sexual orientation based on brain morphology and intrinsic functional connectivity.
Clinical utility of the dual n-back task in schizophrenia: A functional imaging approach.
Neural simulation mechanisms and social-emotional function in schizophrenia.
Alterations in EEG functional connectivity in individuals with depression: A systematic review.
Neural basis underlying the association between expressive suppression and procrastination: The mediation role of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex.
Brain connectivity and behavioral changes in a spaceflight analog environment with elevated CO.
A clinical-anatomical signature of Parkinson's disease identified with partial least squares and magnetic resonance imaging.
You do not have to act to be impulsive: Brain resting-state activity predicts performance and impulsivity on the Balloon Analogue Risk Task.
"Sex differences in the relationship between age, performance, and BOLD signal variability during spatial context memory processing."
Neural processing of nouns and verbs in spontaneous speech of patients with schizophrenia.
Effects of motion related outliers in dynamic functional connectivity using the sliding window method.
The Organization of the Human Corpus Callosum Estimated by Intrinsic Functional Connectivity with White-Matter Functional Networks.
Association between emotional intelligence and effective brain connectome: A large-scale spectral DCM study.
Cerebral control of swallowing: An update on neurobehavioral evidence.
Pre-reading language abilities and the brain's functional reading network in young children.
The alteration of cognitive function networks in remitted patients with major depressive disorder: an independent component analysis.
Disruption of white matter integrity in bipolar depression as a possible structural marker of illness.
M1/precuneus ratio as a surrogate marker of upper motor neuron sign in ALS.
Investigating the neuroanatomy underlying proprioception using a stroke model.
Identification and validation of a gray matter volume network in Alzheimer's disease.
Neural dissociation of the acoustic and cognitive representation of voice identity.
Bayesian modeling of temporal expectations in the human brain.
Diagnosis of late-life depression using structural equation modeling and dynamic effective connectivity during resting fMRI.
Examining the relationship between gray matter volume and a continuous measure of bipolarity in unmedicated unipolar and bipolar depression.
Childhood adversity modulation of central autonomic network components during cognitive regulation of emotion in major depressive disorder and borderline personality disorder.
"Altered white matter integrity in first-episode, treatment-naive young adults with major depressive disorder: a tract-based spatial statistics study."
Cerebral functional activity and connectivity changes in anti-N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor encephalitis: A resting-state fMRI study.
NODDI: practical in vivo neurite orientation dispersion and density imaging of the human brain.
Differences in brain surface area and cortical volume between suicide attempters and non-attempters with major depressive disorder.
Task-based functional connectivity identifies two segregated networks underlying intentional action.
Interactions between frontal and posterior oscillatory dynamics support adjustment of stimulus processing during reinforcement learning.
Impaired mesocorticolimbic connectivity underlies increased pain sensitivity in chronic low back pain.
Neural correlates of affective control regions induced by common therapeutic strategies in major depressive disorders: An activation likelihood estimation meta-analysis study.
Longitudinal resting-state functional connectivity changes in the insular subdivisions of abstinent individuals with opioid use disorder.
Neural signatures of social conformity: A coordinate-based activation likelihood estimation meta-analysis of functional brain imaging studies.
Dynamic Functional Connectivity in Adolescence-Onset Major Depression: Relationships With Severity and Symptom Dimensions.
Differentiating guilt and shame in an interpersonal context with univariate activation and multivariate pattern analyses.
Brain effects of antidepressants in major depression: a meta-analysis of emotional processing studies.
Functional neural changes associated with psychotherapy in anxiety disorders - A meta-analysis of longitudinal fMRI studies.
Differential effects of prediction error and adaptation along the auditory cortical hierarchy during deviance processing.
Functional connectivity evidence for state-independent executive function deficits in patients with major depressive disorder.
Differential patterns of gray matter volumes and associated gene expression profiles in cognitively-defined Alzheimer's disease subgroups.
Neurotrophic tyrosine kinase polymorphism impacts white matter connections in patients with major depressive disorder.
Uncovering the locus coeruleus: Comparison of localization methods for functional analysis.
Organization of directed functional connectivity among nodes of ventral attention network reveals the common network mechanisms underlying saliency processing across distinct spatial and spatio-temporal scales.
Diagnostic classification of autism using resting-state fMRI data improves with full correlation functional brain connectivity compared to partial correlation.
Combining resting state functional MRI with intraoperative cortical stimulation to map the mentalizing network.
Neural Mechanisms for Monitoring and Halting of Spoken Word Production.
Brain networks under uncertainty: A coordinate-based meta-analysis of brain imaging studies.
"Distinct representations in occipito-temporal, parietal, and premotor cortex during action perception revealed by fMRI and computational modeling."
What Happened When? Cerebral Processing of Modified Structure and Content in Episodic Cueing.
Audiovisual working memory and association with resting-state regional homogeneity.
Anxiety in Parkinson's disease: Abnormal resting activity and connectivity.
Mapping critical hubs of receptive and expressive language using MEG: A comparison against fMRI.
History of conditioned reward association disrupts inhibitory control: an examination of neural correlates.
Frontal hypoactivation and alterations in the reward-system during humor processing in patients with schizophrenia spectrum disorders.
The sensation of groove engages motor and reward networks.
Association between decreased interhemispheric functional connectivity of the insula and duration of illness in recurrent depression.
Spatial attention enhances cortical tracking of quasi-rhythmic visual stimuli.
Integrating functional neuroimaging and serum proteins improves the diagnosis of major depressive disorder.
Double-pulsed diffusional kurtosis imaging for the in vivo assessment of human brain microstructure.
Deficits in ascending and descending pain modulation pathways in patients with postherpetic neuralgia.
Placebo-induced pain reduction is associated with negative coupling between brain networks at rest.
Simultaneous feedback control for joint field and motion correction in brain MRI.
Cerebrovascular reactivity measured by functional magnetic resonance imaging during breath-hold challenge: A systematic review.
White Matter Microstructure in Individuals With and At Risk for Bipolar Disorder: Evidence for an Endophenotype From a Voxel-Based Meta-analysis.
Brain Entropy is Associated with Divergent Thinking.
Social perception drives eye-movement related brain activity: Evidence from pro- and anti-saccades to faces.
Disease severity is correlated to tract specific changes of fractional anisotropy in MD and CM thalamus--a DTI study in major depressive disorder.
Structural brain network correlations with amyloid burden in elderly individuals at risk of Alzheimer's disease.
Common and distinct neural representations of imagined and perceived speech.
Global cerebral hypoperfusion in preclinical stage of idiopathic normal pressure hydrocephalus.
Dose-dependent effects of isoflurane on regional activity and neural network function: A resting-state fMRI study of 14 rhesus monkeys: An observational study.
Abnormal long- and short-range functional connectivity in patients with first-episode drug-naïve melancholic and non-melancholic major depressive disorder.
The Dynamics of Speech Motor Control Revealed with Time-Resolved fMRI.
Mapping the human connectome using diffusion MRI at 300 mT/m gradient strength: Methodological advances and scientific impact.
"Neural Indicators Of Food Cue Reactivity, Regulation, And Valuation And Their Associations With Body Composition And Daily Eating Behavior."
Residual effects of cannabis use in adolescent and adult brains - A meta-analysis of fMRI studies.
"Updating and characterizing neuroanatomical markers in high-risk subjects, recently diagnosed and chronic patients with schizophrenia: A revised coordinate-based meta-analysis."
Specifying the role of the ventromedial prefrontal cortex in memory formation.
Anterior paracingulate and cingulate cortex mediates the effects of cognitive load on speech sound discrimination.
Effect of parental depressive symptoms on offspring's brain structure and function: A systematic review of neuroimaging studies.
Processing communicative facial and vocal cues in the superior temporal sulcus.
Enhanced default mode network functional connectivity links with electroconvulsive therapy response in major depressive disorder.
Adolescent suicide attempts and ideation are linked to brain function during peer interactions.
Quantitative MRI-Based Analysis Identifies Developmental Limbic Abnormalities in PCDH19 Encephalopathy.
Similarity-based fMRI-MEG fusion reveals hierarchical organisation within the brain's semantic system.
Altered spontaneous brain activity in major depressive disorder: An activation likelihood estimation meta-analysis.
Functional localization and categorization of intentional decisions in humans: A meta-analysis of brain imaging studies.
Structural and functional cortical disconnection in Alzheimer's disease: a combined study using diffusion tensor imaging and transcranial magnetic stimulation.
Hypnotic modulation of resting state fMRI default mode and extrinsic network connectivity.
"Brain structure in people at ultra-high risk of psychosis, patients with first-episode schizophrenia, and healthy controls: a VBM study."
Impairment in complex activities of daily living is related to neurodegeneration in Alzheimer's disease-specific regions.
Manual dexterity and brain structure in patients with schizophrenia: A whole-brain magnetic resonance imaging study.
Neural correlates of self- and other-referential processing in young adolescents and the effects of testosterone and peer similarity.
Reconfiguration of Dynamic Functional Connectivity in Sensory and Perceptual System in Schizophrenia.
Middle temporal cortex is involved in processing fractions.
Modulation of resting-state network connectivity by verbal divergent thinking training.
A preliminary study of cortical morphology in schizophrenia patients with a history of violence.
Whole-brain structural covariance network abnormality in first-episode and drug-naïve major depressive disorder.
Biomarker correlates of psychotherapy outcomes in borderline personality disorder: A systematic review.
Altered perspective-dependent brain activation while viewing hands and associated imitation difficulties in individuals with autism spectrum disorder.
Disassociation between fluctuation shift over frequency and glucose metabolism in motor cortex of Parkinson's disease: a hybrid PET/fMRI study.
Brain structural correlates of depressive symptoms in Parkinson's disease patients at different disease stage.
How words get meaning: The neural processing of novel object names after sensorimotor training.
Differentiation of functional networks during long-term memory retrieval in children and adolescents.
The Functional Role of Large-scale Brain Network Coordination in Placebo-induced Anxiolysis.
Bayesian model selection favors parametric over categorical fMRI subsequent memory models in young and older adults.
Resting-state fMRI dynamic functional network connectivity and associations with psychopathy traits.
The key to group fitness: The presence of another synchronizes moral attitudes and neural responses during moral decision-making.
Structural brain changes in young males addicted to video-gaming.
Social brain dysfunctionality in individuals with autism spectrum disorder and their first-degree relatives: An activation likelihood estimation meta-analysis.
A distinct intra-individual suppression subnetwork in the brain's default mode network across cognitive tasks.
When less is more: Structural correlates of core executive functions in young adults - A VBM and cortical thickness study.
Sleep Enhances Consolidation of Memory Traces for Complex Problem-Solving Skills.
Can fMRI discriminate between deception and false memory? A meta-analytic comparison between deception and false memory studies.
"Imaging the ""social brain"" in schizophrenia: A systematic review of neuroimaging studies of social reward and punishment."
The effect of coupled inhibitory-facilitatory repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on shaping early reorganization of the motor network after stroke.
Inflexibility in Autism Spectrum Disorder: Need for certainty and atypical emotion processing share the blame.
Attenuated prefrontal and temporal neural activity during working memory as a potential biomarker of suicidal ideation in veterans with PTSD.
Magnetic resonance imaging of the human locus coeruleus: A systematic review.
The role of left insula mediating impaired error processing in response inhibition in adult heavy drinkers.
Association between duration of breastfeeding based on maternal reports and dorsal and ventral striatum and medial orbital gyrus volumes in early adolescence.
Widespread white-matter microstructure integrity reduction in first-episode schizophrenia patients after acute antipsychotic treatment.
White matter connectivity differences between treatment responders and non-responders in patients with panic disorder.
Increased activation in the left ventrolateral prefrontal cortex and temporal pole during tonality change in music.
White-matter connectivity between face-responsive regions in the human brain.
Looking into recent and remote past: Meta-analytic evidence for cortical re-organization of episodic autobiographical memories.
Data-driven tensor independent component analysis for model-based connectivity neurofeedback.
Abnormal brain processing of gentle touch in anorexia nervosa.
The Role of Endogenous Oxytocin in Anxiolysis: Structural and Functional Correlates.
Prediction on treatment improvement in depression with resting state connectivity: A coordinate-based meta-analysis.
Brain structural abnormalities as potential markers for detecting individuals with ultra-high risk for psychosis: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
"Visual mental imagery engages the left fusiform gyrus, but not the early visual cortex: A meta-analysis of neuroimaging evidence."
Distinct neural correlates of poor decoding and poor comprehension in children with reading disability.
A failed top-down control from the prefrontal cortex to the amygdala in generalized anxiety disorder: Evidence from resting-state fMRI with Granger causality analysis.
Sex Differences in the Neural Correlates of Spatial Context Memory Decline in Healthy Aging.
First-person body view modulates the neural substrates of episodic memory and autonoetic consciousness: A functional connectivity study.
"Disrupted white matter integrity in first-episode, drug-naive, late-onset depression."
A meta-analytic approach to mapping co-occurrent grey matter volume increases and decreases in psychiatric disorders.
Age-related cortical signatures of human sleep electroencephalography.
Randomized controlled trial of computerized approach/avoidance training in social anxiety disorder: Neural and symptom outcomes.
Heart rate variability associated with grey matter volumes in striatal and limbic structures of the central autonomic network.
Lesion location across diagnostic regions in multiple sclerosis.
The generalization of behavioral control over physical threats to social stressors in humans: A pilot fMRI study.
tDCS modulates effective connectivity during motor command following; a potential therapeutic target for disorders of consciousness.
One Size Does Not Fit All: Methodological Considerations for Brain-Based Predictive Modeling in Psychiatry.
Non-linear spelling in writing after a pure cerebellar lesion.
Electrical stimulation of the macaque ventral tegmental area drives category-selective learning without attention.
Decoding motor imagery and action planning in the early visual cortex: Overlapping but distinct neural mechanisms.
Resting state functional connectivity alterations in primary lateral sclerosis.
Brain response to facial expressions in adults with adolescent ADHD.
The neural mechanism of spatial-positional association in working memory: A fMRI study.
Abnormal cortical-striatal-thalamic-cortical circuit centered on the thalamus in MDD patients with somatic symptoms: Evidence from the REST-meta-MDD project.
Microstructural correlates of Edinburgh Cognitive and Behavioural ALS Screen (ECAS) changes in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Daily-life affective instability in emotional distress disorders is associated with function and structure of posterior parietal cortex.
The characterization of static and dynamic brain functional networks in suicide attempters with major depressive disorder and its relation to psychological pain.
"Evidence for Spinozan ""Unbelieving"" in the Right Inferior Prefrontal Cortex."
Quantitative and Qualitative Sex Modulations in the Brain Anatomy of Autism.
Molecular alterations in the medial temporal lobe in schizophrenia.
Closing the loop: Novel quantitative fMRI approach for manipulation of the sensorimotor loop in tremor.
Comparing neural activity during autobiographical memory retrieval between younger and older adults: An ALE meta-analysis.
Altered cortico-basal ganglia motor pathways reflect reduced volitional motor activity in schizophrenia.
Multi-compartment relaxometry and diffusion informed myelin water imaging - Promises and challenges of new gradient echo myelin water imaging methods.
Multivariate pattern analysis of the human pSTS: A comparison of three prototypical localizers.
Hippocampus plays a role in speech feedback processing.
High schizotypy traits are associated with reduced hippocampal resting state functional connectivity.
Alterations in Resting-State Networks Following In Utero Selective Serotonin Reuptake Inhibitor Exposure in the Neonatal Brain.
Functional Connectivity of the Precuneus in Unmedicated Patients With Depression.
Use of transcranial magnetic stimulation for studying the neural basis of numerical cognition: A systematic review.
"Early life factors, gray matter brain volume and academic performance in overweight/obese children: The ActiveBrains project."
Beyond the Epileptic Focus: Functional Epileptic Networks in Focal Epilepsy.
Independent Components of Neural Activation Associated with 100 Days of Cognitive Training.
Neural correlates of context-independent and context-dependent self-knowledge.
Neural correlates of disturbance in the sense of agency in schizophrenia: An fMRI study using the 'enfacement' paradigm.
Lifespan developmental changes in neural substrates and functional connectivity for visual semantic processing.
"Tryptophan hydroxylase-2 polymorphism is associated with white matter integrity in first-episode, medication-naïve major depressive disorder patients."
Visual network alterations in brain functional connectivity in chronic low back pain: A resting state functional connectivity and machine learning study.
Modeling and analyzing neural signals with phase variability using Fisher-Rao registration.
Building memories on prior knowledge: behavioral and fMRI evidence of impairment in early Alzheimer's disease.
Towards an optimization of functional localizers in non-human primate neuroimaging with (fMRI) frequency-tagging.
Neuroanatomical correlates of musicianship as revealed by cortical thickness and voxel-based morphometry.
Deep brain stimulation in the caudal zona incerta modulates the sensorimotor cerebello-cerebral circuit in essential tremor.
Neuro-cognitive mechanisms of global Gestalt perception in visual quantification.
Functional differentiation of memory retrieval network in macaque posterior parietal cortex.
Vulnerability to mood degradation during sleep deprivation is influenced by white-matter compactness of the triple-network model.
Prediction and unconscious attention operate synergistically to facilitate stimulus processing: An fMRI study
A support vector machine-based method to identify mild cognitive impairment with multi-level characteristics of magnetic resonance imaging
Brain and behavioral evidence for altered social learning mechanisms among women with assault-related posttraumatic stress disorder
Increased ventral striatal activity during monetary decision-making is a marker of problem poker gambling severity
Self-harm in schizophrenia is associated with dorsolateral prefrontal and posterior cingulate activity
Functional Neuroimaging Abnormalities in Psychosis Spectrum Youth
The Dissociative Subtype of Posttraumatic Stress Disorder: Unique Resting-State Functional Connectivity of Basolateral and Centromedial Amygdala Complexes
Contextual fear conditioning in humans using feature-identical contexts
Self-perspective leads to increased activation of pain processing brain regions in fibromyalgia
Adolescent heavy drinkers' amplified brain responses to alcohol cues decrease over one month of abstinence
Category search speeds up face-selective fMRI responses in a non-hierarchical cortical face network
The neural bases of the pseudohomophone effect: Phonological constraints on lexico-semantic access in reading
Experimentally induced thyrotoxicosis leads to increased connectivity in temporal lobe structures: A resting state fMRI study
Behavioral and fMRI evidence of the differing cognitive load of domain-specific assessments
Insula tuning towards external eating versus interoceptive input in adolescents with overweight and obesity
HIV infection is associated with attenuated frontostriatal intrinsic connectivity
Altered attention networks in benign childhood epilepsy with centrotemporal spikes (BECTS): A resting-state fMRI study
DNA methylation of the serotonin transporter gene (SLC6A4) is associated with brain function involved in processing emotional stimuli
Structural and functional differences in the cingulate cortex relate to disease severity in anorexia nervosa
Blink-related dynamic switching between internal and external orienting networks while viewing videos
Aberrant brain activation of error processing among adults with attention deficit and hyperactivity disorder
An illustrated heuristic prototype facilitates scientific inventive problem solving: A functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Failure to deactivate medial prefrontal cortex in people at high risk for psychosis
Exposing asymmetric gray matter vulnerability in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis
Functional brain imaging in survivors of critical illness: A prospective feasibility study and exploration of the association between delirium and brain activation patterns
Neural systems mediating decision-making and response inhibition for social and nonsocial stimuli in autism
Microstructural Abnormalities in Children with Post-traumatic Stress Disorder: A Diffusion Tensor Imaging Study at 3.0T
The neurological underpinnings of cluttering: Some initial findings
An Examination of Rostral Anterior Cingulate Cortex Function and Neurochemistry in Obsessive–Compulsive Disorder
Neural Correlates of Impulsive Aggressive Behavior in Subjects With a History of Alcohol Dependence
"Distinct cerebellar lobules process arousal, valence and their interaction in parallel following a temporal hierarchy"
"Associations between early adrenarche, affective brain function and mental health in children"
A Distributed Network Critical for Selecting Among Tool-Directed Actions
Gender Effects in Alcohol Dependence: An fMRI Pilot Study Examining Affective Processing
Emotion processing in joint hypermobility: A potential link to the neural bases of anxiety and related somatic symptoms in collagen anomalies
Resting-state regional homogeneity as a biological marker for patients with Internet gaming disorder: A comparison with patients with alcohol use disorder and healthy controls
Orienting of visuo-spatial attention in complex 3D space: Search and detection
Functional Activation and Effective Connectivity Differences in Adolescent Marijuana Users Performing a Simulated Gambling Task
Are ambiguity aversion and ambiguity intolerance identical? A neuroeconomics investigation
Not All Attention Orienting is Created Equal: Recognition Memory is Enhanced When Attention Orienting Involves Distractor Suppression
Rhythmic finger tapping reveals cerebellar dysfunction in essential tremor
Cognitive enhancement of healthy young adults with hyperbaric oxygen: A preliminary resting-state fMRI study
Validating a new methodology for optical probe design and image registration in fNIRS studies
Cerebrovascular reactivity measured with arterial spin labeling and blood oxygen level dependent techniques
Increased premotor cortex activation in high functioning autism during action observation
Selecting category specific visual information: Top-down and bottom-up control of object based attention
Cortical Activity Predicts Which Older Adults Recognize Speech in Noise and When
Side of motor onset is associated with hemisphere-specific memory decline and lateralized gray matter loss in Parkinson's disease
Prefrontal hypoactivation during working memory in bipolar II depression
DISCRIMINATION OF SCHIZOPHRENIA AUDITORY HALLUCINATORS BY MACHINE LEARNING OF RESTING-STATE FUNCTIONAL MRI
Brain Activation During Emotional Memory Processing Associated with Subsequent Course of Depression
Conflict-related anterior cingulate functional connectivity is associated with past suicidal ideation and behavior in recent-onset schizophrenia
Neural correlates of auditory scale illusion
Distinct cognitive effects of estrogen and progesterone in menopausal women
Semantic brain areas are involved in gesture comprehension: An electrical neuroimaging study
Computational Substrates of Social Value in Interpersonal Collaboration
Placebo Analgesia Enhances Descending Pain-Related Effective Connectivity: A Dynamic Causal Modeling Study of Endogenous Pain Modulation
"Reading, listening and memory-related brain activity in children with early-stage temporal lobe epilepsy of unknown cause-an fMRI study"
Fluency-dependent cortical activation associated with speech production and comprehension in second language learners
Obsessive-compulsive disorder – A question of conscience? An fMRI study of behavioural and neurofunctional correlates of shame and guilt
Fear responses to safety cues in anxious adolescents: Preliminary evidence for atypical age-associated trajectories of functional neural circuits
On the difficulty to communicate with fMRI-based protocols used to identify covert awareness
The neural correlates of movement intentions: A pilot study comparing hypnotic and simulated paralysis
Identifying brain functional alterations in postmenopausal women with cognitive impairment
Modeling Causal Relationship Between Brain Regions Within the Drug-Cue Processing Network in Chronic Cocaine Smokers
Motor and Nonmotor Circuitry Activation Induced by Subthalamic Nucleus Deep Brain Stimulation in Patients With Parkinson Disease
Impaired Bottom-Up Effective Connectivity Between Amygdala and Subgenual Anterior Cingulate Cortex in Unmedicated Adolescents with Major Depression: Results from a Dynamic Causal Modeling Analysis
Neural correlates of multiple object tracking strategies
Contributions of the hippocampus to feedback learning
Optimizing and Interpreting Insular Functional Connectivity Maps Obtained During Acute Experimental Pain: The Effects of Global Signal and Task Paradigm Regression
Neural activation during risky decision-making in youth at high risk for substance use disorders
Altered Insula Activity during Visceral Interoception in Weight-Restored Patients with Anorexia Nervosa
Patterns of gray matter atrophy in atypical parkinsonism syndromes: a VBM meta-analysis
Neural Pathways of Embarrassment and their Modulation by Social Anxiety
Brain regional networks active during the mismatch negativity vary with paradigm
Effects of Escitalopram Administration on Face Processing in Intermittent Explosive Disorder: An fMRI Study
"Self-other disturbance in borderline personality disorder: neural, self-report and performance-based evidence"
Altered Functional Connectivity Strength in Abstinent Chronic Cocaine Smokers Compared to Healthy Controls
Inferior parietal and right frontal contributions to trial-by-trial adaptations of attention to memory
Sex differences in cerebellar mechanisms involved in pain-related safety learning
Regional amplitude of the low-frequency fluctuations at rest predicts word-reading skill
Altered resting-state functional connectivity of the insula in young adults with Internet gaming disorder
Testing the inter-hemispheric competition account of visual extinction with combined TMS/fMRI
History of Depression and Frontostriatal Connectivity during Reward Processing in Late Adolescent Boys
Impairments of thalamic resting-state functional connectivity in patients with chronic tinnitus
Differences in Brain Adaptive Functional Reorganization in Right and Left Total Brachial Plexus Injury Patients
Functional organization of human subgenual cortical areas: Relationship between architectonical segregation and connectional heterogeneity
"Reduced paralimbic system gray matter volume in schizophrenia: Correlations with clinical variables, symptomatology and cognitive function"
Alterations in the limbic/paralimbic cortices of Parkinson's disease patients with hyposmia under resting-state functional MRI by regional homogeneity and functional connectivity analysis
Relations among EEG-alpha asymmetry and positivity personality trait
The role of visual saliency for the allocation of attention: Evidence from spatial neglect and hemianopia
Deviant white matter structure in adults with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder points to aberrant myelination and affects neuropsychological performance
An fMRI-Based Neural Signature of Decisions to Smoke Cannabis
Amygdala processing of social cues from faces: an intracrebral EEG study
Monetary reward suppresses anterior insula activity during social pain
Neural and Behavioral Correlates of Alcohol-Induced Aggression Under Provocation
Control of Autonomic Function: Insights from Neurophysiological Studies in Conscious Animals (Including Humans): Coronary artery disease affects cortical circuitry associated with brain-heart integration during volitional exercise
Affected functional networks associated with sentence production in classic galactosemia
Neural correlates of audiovisual temporal processing – Comparison of temporal order and simultaneity judgments
"Dry phantom for magnetoencephalography —Configuration, calibration, and contribution"
Brain network alterations and vulnerability to simulated neurodegeneration in breast cancer
Longitudinal Cortical Development During Adolescence and Young Adulthood in Autism Spectrum Disorders: Increased Cortical Thinning but Comparable Surface Area Changes
Interaction between5-HTTLPRand 5-HT1Bgenotype status enhances cerebral 5-HT1Areceptor binding
Disrupted neural activity in unilateral vascular pulsatile tinnitus patients in the early stage of disease: Evidence from resting-state fMRI
Characterization of resting-state fMRI-derived functional connectivity in patients with deficiency versus excess patterns of major depression
Abnormal gray matter and white matter volume in ‘Internet gaming addicts’
The time-course of cortico-limbic neural responses to air hunger
Increased orbitofrontal cortex activation associated with “pro-obsessive” antipsychotic treatment in patients with schizophrenia
Role of medial prefrontal cortex in representing one’s own subjective emotional responses: A preliminary study
Language Lateralization Shifts with Learning by Adults
Decreased Hypothalamic Functional Connectivity with Subgenual Cortex in Psychotic Major Depression
Toward literature-based feature selection for diagnostic classification: a meta-analysis of resting-state fMRI in depression
The neural basis of audiomotor entrainment: an ALE meta-analysis
Functional Connectivity Density and Balance in Young Patients with Traumatic Axonal Injury
Resting-State Functional Connectivity Modulation and Sustained Changes After Real-Time Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Neurofeedback Training in Depression
Inhibitory Behavioral Control: A Stochastic Dynamic Causal Modeling Study Using Network Discovery Analysis
Decision Making: Neural Mechanisms: Value and probability coding in a feedback-based learning task utilizing food rewards
"Neuroimaging and psychophysiological investigation of the link between anxiety, enhanced affective reactivity and interoception in people with joint hypermobility"
Multimodal neuroimaging evidence of alterations in cortical structure and function in HIV-infected older adults
Dedifferentiation of emotion regulation strategies in the aging brain
Developmental Changes in Brain Function Underlying Inhibitory Control in Autism Spectrum Disorders
Associations of Resting-State fMRI Functional Connectivity with Flow-BOLD Coupling and Regional Vasculature
Acupuncture-Related Modulation of Pain-Associated Brain Networks During Electrical Pain Stimulation: A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Effects of Beta-Amyloid on Resting State Functional Connectivity Within and Between Networks Reflect Known Patterns of Regional Vulnerability
Distinct Functional and Macrostructural Brain Changes in Parkinson’s Disease and Multiple System Atrophy
Personality traits modulate subcortical and cortical vestibular and anxiety responses to sound-evoked otolithic receptor stimulation
Associations between age and gray matter volume in anatomical brain networks in middle-aged to older adults
Altered thalamic functional connectivity in multiple sclerosis
Cortical activity modulation by botulinum toxin type A in patients with post-stroke arm spasticity: Real and imagined hand movement
Alpha band functional connectivity correlates with the performance of brain–machine interfaces to decode real and imagined movements
Diffusion tensor imaging differentiates vascular parkinsonism from parkinsonian syndromes of degenerative origin in elderly subjects
Visual cortex activation to drug cues: A meta-analysis of functional neuroimaging papers in addiction and substance abuse literature
Inconvenient correlation – RT–BOLD relationship for homogeneous and fast reactions
Reduced cerebrovascular reactivity in young adults carrying the APOE ε4 allele
Associative memory and its cerebral correlates in Alzheimer's disease: Evidence for distinct deficits of relational and conjunctive memory
Neural correlates during working memory processing in major depressive disorder
Oral texture influences the neural processing of ortho- and retronasal odors in humans
Comparison of Transverse Island Flap Onlay and Tubularized Incised-Plate Urethroplasties for Primary Proximal Hypospadias: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis
A disease-specific metabolic brain network associated with corticobasal degeneration
Age-Related Differences in Functional Connectivity During Cognitive Emotion Regulation
Effects of childhood maltreatment on the neural correlates of stress- and drug cue-induced cocaine craving
Tract-based spatial statistics of the olfactory brain in patients with multiple sclerosis
Methylphenidate Effects on Brain Activity as a Function of SLC6A3 Genotype and Striatal Dopamine Transporter Availability
Impaired response inhibition and excess cortical thickness as candidate endophenotypes for trichotillomania
BDNF Val66Met polymorphism influence on striatal blood-level-dependent response to monetary feedback depends on valence and agency
Cortical volume and folding abnormalities in Parkinson's disease patients with pathological gambling
Preliminary structural MRI based brain classification of chronic pelvic pain: A MAPP network study
Motor imagery-based brain activity parallels that of motor execution: Evidence from magnetic source imaging of cortical oscillations
Reading the dyslexic brain: multiple dysfunctional routes revealed by a new meta-analysis of PET and fMRI activation studies
Disrupted Small World Topology and Modular Organization of Functional Networks in Late Life Depression with and without Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment
Environmental heat stress enhances mental fatigue during sustained attention task performing: Evidence from an ASL perfusion study
Assessment of Competence in Surgical Skills Using Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging: A Feasibility Study
Neural predictors of chocolate intake following chocolate exposure
Aberrant amygdala functional connectivity at rest in pediatric anxiety disorders
Neural activation during response inhibition is associated with adolescents' frequency of risky sex and substance use
Cognitive reappraisal of peer rejection in depressed versus non-depressed adolescents: Functional connectivity differences
Context-sensitivity of the feedback-related negativity for zero-value feedback outcomes
The effects of handwriting experience on functional brain development in pre-literate children
Maintaining vs. enhancing motor sequence memories: Respective roles of striatal and hippocampal systems
Involvement of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex and superior temporal sulcus in impaired social perception in schizophrenia
Early visual processing deficits in patients with schizophrenia during spatial frequency-dependent facial affect processing
Resting-state theta-band connectivity and verbal memory in schizophrenia and in the high-risk state
Determinants of brain SPECT perfusion and connectivity in treatment-resistant depression
Early-Course Unmedicated Schizophrenia Patients Exhibit Elevated Prefrontal Connectivity Associated with Longitudinal Change
Effects of Electrode Drift in Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation
Abstract categories of functions in anterior parietal lobe
Neural correlates of electrointestinography: Insular activity modulated by signals recorded from the abdominal surface
"Subliminal versus supraliminal stimuli activate neural responses in anterior cingulate cortex, fusiform gyrus and insula: a meta-analysis of fMRI studies"
Feasibility of Functional Neuroimaging to Understand Adolescent Women's Sexual Decision Making
Functional connectivity among brain networks in continuous feedback of finger force
Real-time fMRI training-induced changes in regional connectivity mediating verbal working memory behavioral performance
The link between testosterone and amygdala–orbitofrontal cortex connectivity in adolescent alcohol use
Hippocampal Contribution to Implicit Configuration Memory Expressed via Eye Movements During Scene Exploration
Temporal lobe epilepsy: Decreased thalamic resting-state functional connectivity and their relationships with alertness performance
The hippocampus is sensitive to the mismatch in novelty between items and their contexts
Repetition suppression and repetition enhancement underlie auditory memory-trace formation in the human brain: an MEG study
"The effect of age of acquisition, socioeducational status, and proficiency on the neural processing of second language speech sounds"
When pain is not only pain: Inserting needles into the body evokes distinct reward-related brain responses in the context of a treatment
Concurrent and lasting effects of emotion regulation on amygdala response in adolescence and young adulthood
Decreased functional connectivity in an executive control network is related to impaired executive function in Internet gaming disorder
"Brain source localization of MMN, P300 and N400: Aging and gender differences"
Performance monitoring and behavioral adaptation during task switching: An fMRI study
Alterations in brain connectivity in three sub-regions of the anterior cingulate cortex in heroin-dependent individuals: Evidence from resting state fMRI
A pilot randomized trial of a cognitive reappraisal obesity prevention program
Altered gray matter density and disrupted functional connectivity of the amygdala in adults with Internet gaming disorder
Left frontal lobe hypoperfusion and depressive symptoms in Alzheimer׳s disease patients taking cholinesterase inhibitors
Focal cortical dysplasia alters electrophysiological cortical hubs in the resting-state
Occipital cortical thickness in very low birth weight born adolescents predicts altered neural specialization of visual semantic category related neural networks
Damage to Left Frontal Regulatory Circuits Produces Greater Positive Emotional Reactivity in Frontotemporal Dementia
Neurophysiological effects of acute oxytocin administration: systematic review and meta-analysis of placebo-controlled imaging studies
Immediate cerebral metabolic changes induced by discontinuation of deep brain stimulation of subcallosal cingulate gyrus in treatment-resistant depression
Differential Recruitment of Executive Control Regions during Phonological Competition in Monolinguals and Bilinguals
Akinetic-rigid and tremor-dominant Parkinson's disease patients show different patterns of intrinsic brain activity
Functional MRI evidence for fine motor praxis dysfunction in children with persistent speech disorders
Functional Connectivity Mapping of Regions Associated with Self- and Other-Processing
Correlation between Ventromedial Prefrontal Cortex Activation to Food Aromas and Cue-driven Eating: An fMRI Study
Neural substrates underlying stimulation-enhanced motor skill learning after stroke
Brain Networks Engaged in Audiovisual Integration During Speech Perception Revealed by Persistent Homology-Based Network Filtration
The association between cortisol and the BOLD response in male adolescents undergoing fMRI
Genetic Predictor of Working Memory and Prefrontal Function in Women with HIV
Anhedonia is associated with reduced incentive cue related activation in the basal ganglia
Neurobiological Phenotypes of Familial Chronic Pain in Adolescence: A Pilot fMRI Study
Stimulus-dependent modulation of working memory for identity monitoring: A functional MRI study
Auditory intensity processing: Effect of MRI background noise
Why I tense up when you watch me: Inferior parietal cortex mediates an audience’s influence on motor performance
Freezing of gait and white matter changes: a tract-based spatial statistics study
Orchestrating Proactive and Reactive Mechanisms for Filtering Distracting Information: Brain-Behavior Relationships Revealed by a Mixed-Design fMRI Study
Alzheimer’s like brain changes correlate with low adiponectin plasma levels in type 2 diabetic patients
Looking at the self in front of others: Neural correlates of attentional bias in social anxiety
"The influence of motherhood on neural systems for reward processing in low income, minority, young women"
Brain Responses to Smoking Cues Differ Based on Nicotine Metabolism Rate
Cortical thickness changes in patients with Parkinson's disease and impulse control disorders
Neural substrates of excessive daytime sleepiness in early drug naïve Parkinson's disease: A resting state functional MRI study
Medial orbital gyrus modulation during spatial perspective changes: Pre- vs. post-8weeks mindfulness meditation
Differential Resting-State Functional Connectivity of Striatal Subregions in Bipolar Depression and Hypomania
Perceptual and Brain Response to Odors Is Associated with Body Mass Index and Postprandial Total Ghrelin Reactivity to a Meal
"GLP-1 receptors exist in the parietal cortex, hypothalamus and medulla of human brains and the GLP-1 analogue liraglutide alters brain activity related to highly desirable food cues in individuals with diabetes: a crossover, randomised, placebo-controlled trial"
Aberrant network connectivity during error processing in patients with schizophrenia
Trait self-esteem and neural activities related to self-evaluation and social feedback
The Semantic Network at Work and Rest: Differential Connectivity of Anterior Temporal Lobe Subregions
Global brain connectivity alterations in patients with schizophrenia and bipolar spectrum disorders
Violence-related content in video game may lead to functional connectivity changes in brain networks as revealed by fMRI-ICA in young men
Abnormal spontaneous brain activity in type 2 diabetes with and without microangiopathy revealed by regional homogeneity
Medial prefrontal–hippocampal connectivity during emotional memory encoding predicts individual differences in the loss of associative memory specificity
The temporal dynamics of metacognition: Dissociating task-related activity from later metacognitive processes
Abnormal default-mode network homogeneity and its correlations with personality in drug-naive somatization disorder at rest
Supplementary Motor Cortical Changes Explored by Resting-State Functional Connectivity in Brachial Plexus Injury
A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of the Functional MRI Investigation of Motor Neuron Disease
"Orthostatic hypotension, cerebral hypoperfusion, and visuospatial deficits in Lewy body disorders"
Thinking About a Task Is Associated with Increased Connectivity in Regions Activated by Task Performance
Risk-taking and risky decision-making in Internet gaming disorder: Implications regarding online gaming in the setting of negative consequences
Subregional differences in intrinsic amygdala hyper and hypo connectivity in autism spectrum disorder
Shifts in connectivity during procedural learning after motor cortex stimulation; a combined transcranial magnetic stimulation /functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Expert–novice differences in brain function of field hockey players
Functional and anatomical basis for brain plasticity in facial palsy rehabilitation using the masseteric nerve
The brain mechanism that reduces the vividness of negative imagery
Motor imagery beyond the motor repertoire: Activity in the primary visual cortex during kinesthetic motor imagery of difficult whole body movements
The sequential structure of brain activation predicts skill
Neural correlates of processing “self-conscious” vs. “basic” emotions
Motor and sensory cortical reorganization after bilateral forearm transplantation: Four-year follow-up fMRI case study
Noninvasive evaluation of the correlation between regional cerebral blood flow and intraventricular brain temperature in temporal lobe epilepsy
Abnormal resting state functional connectivity in patients with chronic fatigue syndrome: an arterial spin-labeling fMRI study
Prefrontal Reactivity to Social Signals of Threat as a Predictor of Treatment Response in Anxious Youth
Effects of task complexity on activation of language areas in a semantic decision fMRI protocol
Rhythm makes the world go round: An MEG-TMS study on the role of right TPJ theta oscillations in embodied perspective taking
History of childhood maltreatment augments dorsolateral prefrontal processing of emotional valence in PTSD
Fornix microstructure and memory performance is associated with altered neural connectivity during episodic recognition
Waiguan Stimulation May Kindle Anticorrelated Brain Networks: Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Data Revisited
Immunity factor contributes to altered brain functional networks in individuals at risk for Alzheimer’s disease: Neuroimaging-genetic evidence
Exercise-related changes in between-network connectivity in overweight/obese adults
A dual but asymmetric role of the dorsal anterior cingulate cortex in response inhibition and switching from a non-salient to salient action
Reduced frontal cortex thickness and cortical volume associated with pathological narcissism
The Effect of Depo Medroxyprogesterone Acetate (DMPA) on Cerebral Food Motivation Centers: A Pilot Study using Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging
Airborne copper exposure in school environments associated with poorer motor performance and altered basal ganglia
Increased functional connectivity between language and visually deprived areas in late and partial blindness
The tipping point: Value differences and parallel dorsal–ventral frontal circuits gating human approach–avoidance behavior
The neural correlates of memory for a life-threatening event: An fMRI study of passengers from flight AT236
Tuning the Brake While Raising the Stake: Network Dynamics during Sequential Decision-Making
Urgency urinary incontinence and the interoceptive network: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Reduced task-related functional connectivity during a set-shifting task in unmedicated early-stage Parkinson’s disease patients
Impulse control and restrained eating among young women: Evidence for compensatory cortical activation during a chocolate-specific delayed discounting task
Altered executive function in the welders: A functional magnetic resonance imaging study
White matter and task-switching in young adults: A Diffusion Tensor Imaging study
White Matter Deficits Mediate Effects of Prenatal Alcohol Exposure on Cognitive Development in Childhood
Encoding of Touch Intensity But Not Pleasantness in Human Primary Somatosensory Cortex
A pilot study of changes in functional brain activity during a working memory task after mSMT treatment: The MEMREHAB trial
Differential amygdala activation during simulated personal space intrusion by men and women
Effects of progressive muscle relaxation on cerebral activity: An fMRI investigation
A diffusional kurtosis imaging study of idiopathic generalized epilepsy with unilateral interictal epileptiform discharges in children
Altered cerebral activity associated with topiramate and its withdrawal in patients with epilepsy with language impairment: An fMRI study using the verb generation task
Resting-state fMRI reveals potential neural correlates of impaired cognition in Huntington's disease
Resting-state abnormalities in amnestic mild cognitive impairment: a meta-analysis
Functional brain substrate of quality of life in patients with schizophrenia: A brain SPECT multidimensional analysis
Sensorimotor modulation by botulinum toxin A in post-stroke arm spasticity: Passive hand movement
Resting-state functional connectivity of emotion regulation networks in euthymic and non-euthymic bipolar disorder patients
BOLD data representing activation and connectivity for rare no-go versus frequent go cues
Differences in the central-nervous processing of olfactory stimuli according to their hedonic and arousal characteristics
"The influence of androstadienone during psychosocial stress is modulated by gender, trait anxiety and subjective stress: An fMRI study"
Higher body mass index in older adults is associated with lower gray matter volume: implications for memory performance
Cortisol disrupts the neural correlates of extinction recall
Diminished Quality of Life and Increased Brain Functional Connectivity in Patients with Hypothyroidism After Total Thyroidectomy
Testosterone reduces functional connectivity during the ‘Reading the Mind in the Eyes’ Test
Direction-dependent activation of the insular cortex during vertical and horizontal hand movements
Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study of Brain Activity Associated With Pitch Adaptation During Phonation in Healthy Women Without Voice Disorders
Toward Semantics in the Wild: Activation to Manipulable Nouns in Naturalistic Reading
Amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation (ALFF) and fractional ALFF in migraine patients: a resting-state functional MRI study
A study of the brain functional network of Deqi via acupuncturing stimulation at BL40 by rs-fMRI
Abnormal degree centrality in Alzheimer's disease patients with depression: A resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Awake reactivation of emotional memory traces through hippocampal–neocortical interactions
The activity in the anterior insulae is modulated by perceptual decision-making difficulty
The neural basis of regret and relief during a sequential risk-taking task
Impaired implicit learning and feedback processing after stroke
Abnormal regional homogeneity in Parkinson's disease: a resting state fMRI study
Brain Activity During Cocaine Craving and Gambling Urges: An fMRI Study
Dissociable cerebellar activity during spatial navigation and visual memory in bilateral vestibular failure
A Neuroanatomical Signature for Schizophrenia Across Different Ethnic Groups
Monotonic non-linear transformations as a tool to investigate age-related effects on brain white matter integrity: A Box–Cox investigation
Neuroanatomical correlates of negative emotionality-related traits: A systematic review and meta-analysis
Type 1 Diabetes Modifies Brain Activation in Young Patients While Performing Visuospatial Working Memory Tasks
Effect of Simulated Microgravity on Human Brain Gray Matter and White Matter – Evidence from MRI
Greater anterior cingulate activation and connectivity in response to visual and auditory high-calorie food cues in binge eating: Preliminary findings
The imagined itch: Brain circuitry supporting nocebo-induced itch in atopic dermatitis patients
Neural changes associated with semantic processing in healthy aging despite intact behavioral performance
Frequency of Hospitalizations for Pain and Association With Altered Brain Network Connectivity in Sickle Cell Disease
Neural Networks Underlying the Metacognitive Uncertainty Response
Functional disconnection of the right anterior insula in obstructive sleep apnea
Neural Activation During Cognitive Emotion Regulation in Previously Depressed Compared to Healthy Children: Evidence of Specific Alterations
Human Hippocampal Dynamics during Response Conflict
Effects of Fronto-Temporal Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation on Auditory Verbal Hallucinations and Resting-State Functional Connectivity of the Left Temporo-Parietal Junction in Patients With Schizophrenia
Dysfunction of the frontolimbic region during swear word processing in young adolescents with Internet gaming disorder
An architecture for encoding sentence meaning in left mid-superior temporal cortex
Neuropsychological and imaging profile of patients with Parkinson's disease and freezing of gait
Inhibition-Induced Forgetting Results from Resource Competition between Response Inhibition and Memory Encoding Processes
Successful smoking cessation is associated with prefrontal cortical function during a Stroop task: A preliminary study
Brief bursts of infrasound may improve cognitive function – An fMRI study
Neural Networks Involved in Adolescent Reward Processing: An Activation Likelihood Estimation Meta-Analysis of Functional Neuroimaging Studies
Stability of resting state networks in the female brain during hormonal changes and their relation to premenstrual symptoms
Neural evidence that suspense narrows attentional focus
The way to her heart? Response to romantic cues is dependent on hunger state and dieting history: An fMRI pilot study
Distinct patterns of brain activity in progressive supranuclear palsy and Parkinson's disease
Beyond words: Pragmatic inference in behavioral variant of frontotemporal degeneration
Concurrent fNIRS-fMRI measurement to validate a method for separating deep and shallow fNIRS signals by using multidistance optodes
"Effects of Different Types of Cognitive Training on Cognitive Function, Brain Structure, and Driving Safety in Senior Daily Drivers: A Pilot Study"
Adult attachment style modulates neural responses in a mentalizing task
Reward Region Responsivity Predicts Future Weight Gain and Moderating Effects of the TaqIA Allele
Altered executive function in the lead-exposed brain: A functional magnetic resonance imaging study
BRAIN REWARD ACTIVITY TO MASKED IN-GROUP SMILING FACES PREDICTS FRIENDSHIP DEVELOPMENT
Diminished caudate and superior temporal gyrus responses to effort-based decision making in patients with first-episode major depressive disorder
The neural network associated with lexical-semantic knowledge about social groups
Flexible brain network reconfiguration supporting inhibitory control
Emotion Awareness Predicts Body Mass Index Percentile Trajectories in Youth
Structural Gray Matter Differences During Childhood Development in Autism Spectrum Disorder: A Multimetric Approach
Frontal–posterior theta oscillations reflect memory retrieval during sentence comprehension
Disrupted causal connectivity anchored on the anterior cingulate cortex in first-episode medication-naive major depressive disorder
An examination of the rapid automatized naming–reading relationship using functional magnetic resonance imaging
Expressing our internal states and understanding those of others
Permutation and parametric tests for effect sizes in voxel-based morphometry of gray matter volume in brain structural MRI
Resting-state functional connectivity abnormalities correlate with psychometric hepatic encephalopathy score in cirrhosis
Regional homogeneity (ReHo) changes in new onset versus chronic benign epilepsy of childhood with centrotemporal spikes (BECTS): A resting state fMRI study
Emotional and Utilitarian Appraisals of Moral Dilemmas Are Encoded in Separate Areas and Integrated in Ventromedial Prefrontal Cortex
Reduced prefrontal activation during working and long-term memory tasks and impaired patient-reported cognition among cancer survivors post-chemotherapy compared with healthy controls
Amplified Brain Processing of Dentoalveolar Pressure Stimulus in Persistent Dentoalveolar Pain Disorder Patients
Mapping anhedonia-specific dysfunction in a transdiagnostic approach: an ALE meta-analysis
Gray and white matter volume abnormalities in generalized anxiety disorder by categorical and dimensional characterization
The neural circuitry supporting goal maintenance during cognitive control: a comparison of expectancy AX-CPT and dot probe expectancy paradigms
Eating behavior associated with gray matter volume alternations: A voxel based morphometry study
Effects of Long-Term Treatment on Brain Volume in Patients with Obstructive Sleep Apnea Syndrome
Region-specific reduction of auditory sensory gating in older adults
Amygdala response predicts trajectory of symptom reduction during Trauma-Focused Cognitive-Behavioral Therapy among adolescent girls with PTSD
Mirror neuron activation in children with developmental coordination disorder: A functional MRI study
T2 relaxation time alterations underlying neurocognitive deficits in alcohol-use disorders (AUD) in an Indian population: A combined conventional ROI and voxel-based relaxometry analysis
Understanding the influence of personality on dynamic social gesture processing: An fMRI study
Phonological processing in primary progressive aphasia
Dorsal and Ventral Pathways for Prosody
Gray matter volume abnormalities were associated with sustained attention in unmedicated major depression
"NEREC, an effective brain mapping protocol for combined language and long-term memory functions"
Alterations in functional connectivity of resting state networks during experimental endotoxemia – An exploratory study in healthy men
Altered resting-state functional connectivity in women with chronic fatigue syndrome
Increased subcortical neural activity among HIV+ individuals during a lexical retrieval task
Mapping multidimensional pain experience onto electrophysiological responses to noxious laser heat stimuli
Exercise Therapy for Parkinson's Disease: Pedaling Rate Is Related to Changes in Motor Connectivity
Differences in Regional Glucose Metabolism of the Brain Measured with F-18-FDG-PET in Patients with Essential Tremor According to Their Response to Beta-Blockers
Motor and extra-motor gray matter atrophy in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis: quantitative meta-analyses of voxel-based morphometry studies
Resting-state functional connectivity and presynaptic monoamine signaling in Alcohol Dependence
fMRI brain response during sentence reading comprehension in children with benign epilepsy with centro-temporal spikes
Regional cerebral glucose metabolism differentiates danger- and non-danger-based traumas in post-traumatic stress disorder
A multi-pathway hypothesis for human visual fear signaling
Adults with high social anhedonia have altered neural connectivity with ventral lateral prefrontal cortex when processing positive social signals
Resting-state functional connectivity density mapping of etiology confirmed unilateral pulsatile tinnitus patients: Altered functional hubs in the early stage of disease
Neuropathic Pain and Functional Reorganization in the Primary Sensorimotor Cortex After Spinal Cord Injury
Amygdala subnuclei resting-state functional connectivity sex and estrogen differences
One-year-old fear memories rapidly activate human fusiform gyrus
N270 sensitivity to conflict strength and working memory: A combined ERP and sLORETA study
Psychogenic and neural visual-cue response in PD dopamine dysregulation syndrome
Transition from reactive control to proactive control across conflict adaptation: An sLORETA study
The impact of therapists’ words on the adolescent brain: In the context of addiction treatment
Data-Driven and Predefined ROI-Based Quantification of Long-Term Resting-State fMRI Reproducibility
Distinct vestibular effects on early and late somatosensory cortical processing in humans
Subclinical depression severity is associated with distinct patterns of functional connectivity for subregions of anterior cingulate cortex
Fear of negative evaluation is associated with altered brain function in nonclinical subjects
Fuzzy approximate entropy analysis of resting state fMRI signal complexity across the adult life span
Pleasantness of mind wandering is positively associated with focus back effort in daily life: Evidence from resting state fMRI.
Aberrant pattern of cerebral blood flow in patients with major depressive disorder: A meta-analysis of arterial spin labelling studies.
Are individual differences quantitative or qualitative? An integrated behavioral and fMRI MIMIC approach.
Neural correlates of anxiety symptoms in mild Parkinson's disease: A prospective longitudinal voxel-based morphometry study.
Cortical structure abnormalities in females with conduct disorder prior to age 15.
Common and distinct neural substrates of the money illusion in win and loss domains.
Motor and Limbic System Contribution to Emotional Laughter across the Lifespan.
Is it still speech? Different processing strategies in learning to discriminate stimuli in the transition from speech to non-speech including feedback evaluation.
Detailed characteristics of acute encephalopathy with biphasic seizures and late reduced diffusion: 18-year data of a single-center consecutive cohort.
Cortical thickness correlates of minor neurological signs in patients with first episode psychosis.
Corticostriatal control of goal-directed action is impaired in schizophrenia.
Obeying orders reduces vicarious brain activation towards victims' pain.
Acute psychosocial stress alters thalamic network centrality.
Distinct neural substrates underlying target facilitation and distractor suppression: A combined voxel-based morphometry and resting-state functional connectivity study.
Can measuring hippocampal atrophy with a fully automatic method be substantially less noisy than manual segmentation over both 1 and 3 years?
Impaired cerebral microcirculation in isolated REM sleep behaviour disorder.
Hypothalamic interaction with reward-related regions during subjective evaluation of foods.
Altered gray and white matter microstructure in Cushing's disease: A diffusional kurtosis imaging study.
Validating the sensitivity of inhomogeneous magnetization transfer (ihMT) MRI to myelin with fluorescence microscopy.
Bifrontal electroconvulsive therapy changed regional homogeneity and functional connectivity of left angular gyrus in major depressive disorder.
Frequent minty chewing gum use is associated with increased trigeminal sensitivity: An fMRI study.
Which is the most appropriate strategy for conducting multivariate voxel-based group studies on diffusion tensors?
Bidirectional information flow in frontoamygdalar circuits in humans: a dynamic causal modeling study of emotional associative learning.
Altered dynamic amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations in patients with postpartum depression.
MRI-compatible pneumatic stimulator for sensorimotor mapping.
Altered functional connectivity of the thalamus induced by modified electroconvulsive therapy for schizophrenia.
Neural Correlates of Phonetic Adaptation as Induced by Lexical and Audiovisual Context.
Prenatal maternal anxiety and children's brain structure and function: A systematic review of neuroimaging studies.
Anhedonia symptoms: The assessment of brain functional mechanism following music stimuli using functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Impact of literacy on the functional connectivity of vision and language related networks.
Out of control: An altered parieto-occipital-cerebellar network for impulsivity in bipolar disorder.
Task-related neural activation abnormalities in patients with remitted major depressive disorder: A coordinate-based meta-analysis.
Regional gray matter reductions associated with mild cognitive impairment in Parkinson's disease: A meta-analysis of voxel-based morphometry studies.
Modes of operation: A topographic neural gradient supporting stimulus dependent and independent cognition.
Examining the Causal Effects of Sleep Deprivation on Emotion Regulation and Its Neural Mechanisms.
How restful is it with all that noise? Comparison of Interleaved silent steady state (ISSS) and conventional imaging in resting-state fMRI.
Use of common average reference and large-Laplacian spatial-filters enhances EEG signal-to-noise ratios in intrinsic sensorimotor activity.
White matter microstructure of the cingulum and cerebellar peduncle is related to sustained attention and working memory: a diffusion tensor imaging study.
Structural white matter alterations in carpal tunnel syndrome: A modified TBSS study.
Water-exchange MRI detects subtle blood-brain barrier breakdown in Alzheimer's disease rats.
Duration and extent of bilingual experience modulate neurocognitive outcomes.
The relationship between negative BOLD responses and ERS and ERD of alpha/beta oscillations in visual and motor cortex.
Neural Correlates of Hand-Object Congruency Effects during Action Planning.
"Cortical surface abnormalities are different depending on the stage of schizophrenia: A cross-sectional vertexwise mega-analysis of thickness, area and gyrification."
Genetic variation in angiotensin converting-enzyme affects the white matter integrity and cognitive function of amnestic mild cognitive impairment patients.
Stronger bilateral functional connectivity of the frontoparietal control network in near-centenarians and centenarians without dementia.
Cross-lagged Relationships Between Depressive Symptoms and Altered Default Mode Network Connectivity Over the Course of Adolescence.
Systematically mapping gray matter abnormal patterns in drug-naïve first-episode schizophrenia from childhood to adolescence.
Assessment of brain imaging and cognitive function in a modified rhesus monkey model of depression.
Cortical thinning across Parkinson's disease stages and clinical correlates.
Divergent relationship between brain structure and cognitive functioning in patients with prominent negative symptomatology.
Thinking about the past to shape the present: neural activation during the recall of relationship episodes.
"Inferior frontal gyrus seed-based resting-state functional connectivity and sustained attention across manic/hypomanic, euthymic and depressive phases of bipolar disorder."
Examining the neural correlates of active and passive forms of verbal-spatial binding in working memory.
Increased functional connectivity between nucleus basalis of Meynert and amygdala in cognitively intact elderly along the Alzheimer's continuum.
Improvising at rest: Differentiating jazz and classical music training with resting state functional connectivity.
Transcriptional substrates of brain structural and functional impairments in drug-naive first-episode patients with major depressive disorder.
Hemispheric Module-Specific Influence of the X Chromosome on White Matter Connectivity: Evidence from Girls with Turner Syndrome.
Neural Substrates of Working Memory Updating.
Cortical thickness and surface area of left anterior temporal areas affects processing of phonological cues to morphosyntax.
Neural substrates of the emotion-word and emotional counting Stroop tasks in healthy and clinical populations: A meta-analysis of functional brain imaging studies.
Emotional context enhances auditory novelty processing in superior temporal gyrus.
Meta-analytic evidence for the cognitive control model of loneliness in emotion processing.
Alterations of regional spontaneous brain activities in anxiety disorders: A meta-analysis.
Intersubject consistent dynamic connectivity during natural vision revealed by functional MRI.
Connectome-based functional connectivity markers of suicide attempt.
Predictive Impact of Contextual Objects during Action Observation: Evidence from Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging.
Shared neural resources of rhythm and syntax: An ALE meta-analysis.
Effects of task complexity and age-differences on task-related functional connectivity of attentional networks.
Category-specific neural processing for naming pictures of animals and naming pictures of tools: an ALE meta-analysis.
Frontopolar tDCS Induces Frequency-Dependent Changes of Spontaneous Low-Frequency Fluctuations: A Resting-State fMRI Study.
Cholinergic and serotonergic modulation of resting state functional brain connectivity in Alzheimer's disease.
Hemifield-specific Correlations between Cue-related Blood Oxygen Level Dependent Activity in Bilateral Nodes of the Dorsal Attention Network and Attentional Benefits in a Spatial Orienting Paradigm.
The neural substrates of procrastination: A voxel-based morphometry study.
Temporal Organization of Episodic and Experience-near Semantic Autobiographical Memories: Neural Correlates and Context-dependent Connectivity.
Altered neural processing of negative stimuli in people with internet gaming disorder: fMRI evidence from the comparison with recreational game users.
Functional connectivity of the prefrontal cortex and amygdala is related to depression status in major depressive disorder.
Aberrant brain regional homogeneity in first-episode drug-naïve patients with major depressive disorder: A voxel-wise meta-analysis.
Abnormal causal connectivity of left superior temporal gyrus in drug-naïve first- episode adolescent-onset schizophrenia: A resting-state fMRI study.
Metabolic stroke or stroke-like lesion: Peculiarities of a phenomenon.
Sensitivity to sweetness correlates to elevated reward brain responses to sweet and high-fat food odors in young healthy volunteers.
Investigating form and content of emotional and non-emotional laughing.
Brain compensation during response inhibition in premanifest Huntington's disease.
Neural Patterns in Parietal Cortex and Hippocampus Distinguish Retrieval of Start versus End Positions in Working Memory.
Neurofunctional abnormalities in antisocial spectrum: A meta-analysis of fMRI studies on Five distinct neurocognitive research domains.
Imaging transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) of the prefrontal cortex-correlation or causality in stimulation-mediated effects?
White matter microstructural alterations in posttraumatic stress disorder: An ROI and whole-brain based meta-analysis.
The neural substrates of subliminal attentional bias and reduced inhibition in individuals with a higher BMI: A VBM and resting state connectivity study.
"Memory enhancement with stimulants: Differential neural effects of methylphenidate, modafinil, and caffeine. A pilot study."
"The bilingual language network: Differential involvement of anterior cingulate, basal ganglia and prefrontal cortex in preparation, monitoring, and execution."
Fronto-temporal brain activity and connectivity track implicit attention to positive and negative social words in a novel socio-emotional Stroop task.
Cognitive remediation and brain connectivity: A resting-state fMRI study in patients with schizophrenia.
Circuit activity underlying a distinct modulator of prepulse inhibition.
The effects of short-term musical training on the neural processing of speech-in-noise in older adults.
The neural correlates of referential communication: Taking advantage of sparse-sampling fMRI to study verbal communication with a real interaction partner.
Effects of Chronic Pharmacological Treatment on Functional Brain Network Connectivity in Patients with Schizophrenia.
Distinct Neural Mechanisms Meet Challenges in Dynamic Visual Attention due to Either Load or Object Spacing.
An active cognitive lifestyle as a potential neuroprotective factor in Huntington's disease.
Association of a SIRT1 polymorphism with changes of gray matter volume in patients with first-episode medication-naïve major depression.
Cognitive-motor dual-task interference: A systematic review of neural correlates.
Auditory hallucinations in first-episode psychosis: A voxel-based morphometry study.
Local connectivity of the resting brain connectome in patients with low back-related leg pain: A multiscale frequency-related Kendall's coefficient of concordance and coherence-regional homogeneity study.
Lyme optic neuritis.
The CONNECT project: Combining macro- and micro-structure.
The anterior hippocampus is associated with spatial memory encoding.
Cerebellar and cortico-striatal-midbrain contributions to reward-cognition processes and apathy within the psychosis continuum.
Altered brain responses to emotional facial expressions in tinnitus patients.
Cognitive slowing in Parkinson's disease is related to frontostriatal dopaminergic dysfunction.
Comparative research on neural dysfunction in children with dyslexia under different writing systems: A meta-analysis study.
The role of frontal-subcortical connectivity in the relation between coping styles and reactivity and downregulation of negative emotion.
Functional connectivity is preserved but reorganized across several anesthetic regimes.
The Effect of Familiarity on Neural Representations of Music and Language.
Internet gaming disorder impacts gray matter structural covariance organization in the default mode network.
Sex difference in trait empathy is encoded in the human anterior insula.
Neural representations of absolute and relative magnitudes in symbolic and nonsymbolic formats.
Modality-specific overlaps in brain structure and function in obsessive-compulsive disorder: Multimodal meta-analysis of case-control MRI studies.
White matter connectivity and psychosis in ultra-high-risk subjects: a diffusion tensor fiber tracking study.
Identification of cortical activation and white matter architecture according to short-term motor learning in the human brain: functional MRI and diffusion tensor tractography study.
BNST and amygdala activation to threat: Effects of temporal predictability and threat mode.
The Neural Mechanism of Number Line Bisection: A fMRI study.
Meta-analyses of the n-back working memory task: fMRI evidence of age-related changes in prefrontal cortex involvement across the adult lifespan.
"Altered brain function and clinical features in patients with first-episode, drug naïve major depressive disorder: A resting-state fMRI study."
White matter changes in children and adolescents with reactive attachment disorder: A diffusion tensor imaging study.
Multilayer Network Analysis of Dynamic Network Reconfiguration in Adults With Posttraumatic Stress Disorder.
Musicians use speech-specific areas when processing tones: The key to their superior linguistic competence?
Error observation as a window on performance monitoring in social contexts? A systematic review.
Spatially congruent negative BOLD responses to different stimuli do not summate in visual cortex.
Changing Faces: Dynamic Emotional Face Processing in Autism Spectrum Disorder Across Childhood and Adulthood.
Default-mode network activation underlies accurate contextual processing of exclusive disjunctions in older but not younger adults.
Neuropathways of theory of mind in schizophrenia: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Two Neural Networks for Laughter: A Tractography Study.
Basic visual function and cortical thickness patterns in posterior cortical atrophy.
The impact of focused attention on subsequent emotional recollection: A functional MRI investigation.
Systematically disrupted functional gradient of the cortical connectome in generalized epilepsy: Initial discovery and independent sample replication.
The central autonomic system revisited - Convergent evidence for a regulatory role of the insular and midcingulate cortex from neuroimaging meta-analyses.
Distinct cerebral coherence in task-based fMRI hyperscanning: cooperation versus competition.
Head over heels but I forget why: Disruptive functional connectivity in older adult fallers with mild cognitive impairment.
Reliability map of individual differences reflected in inter-subject correlation in naturalistic imaging.
Structural Plastic Changes of Cortical Gray Matter Revealed by Voxel-Based Morphometry and Histological Analyses in a Monkey Model of Central Post-Stroke Pain.
Structural complexity is negatively associated with brain activity: a novel multimodal test of compensation theories of aging.
Structural network alterations and their association with neurological soft signs in schizophrenia: Evidence from clinical patients and unaffected siblings.
Pattern of neural divergence in adults with prelingual deafness: Based on structural brain analysis.
Overlapping and distinct neural correlates of imitating and opposing facial movements.
Cortical thickness abnormalities in patients with bipolar disorder: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
What and where in the auditory systems of sighted and early blind individuals: Evidence from representational similarity analysis.
Ketamine-induced hippocampal functional connectivity alterations associated with clinical remission in major depression.
Directional tuning for eye and arm movements in overlapping regions in human posterior parietal cortex.
Neural activation of anxiety and depression in children and young people: A systematic meta-analysis of fMRI studies.
The role of the orbitofrontal cortex in exercise addiction and exercise motivation: A brain imaging study based on multimodal magnetic resonance imaging.
Abnormal white matter integrity in Papez circuit in first-episode medication-naive adults with anxious depression: A combined voxel-based analysis and region of interest study.
Resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging of the cerebellar vermis in patients with Parkinson's disease and visuospatial disorder.
Effects of stress on functional connectivity during problem solving.
Brain structural plasticity in visual and sensorimotor areas of airline pilots: A voxel-based morphometric study.
Different characteristics of striatal resting-state functional conectivity in treatment-resistant and non-treatment-resistant depression.
White matter microstructural abnormalities in patients with late-onset schizophrenia identified by a voxel-based diffusion tensor imaging.
Predicting goals in action episodes attenuates BOLD response in inferior frontal and occipitotemporal cortex.
Auditory predictions shape the neural responses to stimulus repetition and sensory change.
Stereotaxic F-FDG PET and MRI templates with three-dimensional digital atlas for statistical parametric mapping analysis of tree shrew brain.
"Manipulating and decoding subjective gaming experience during active gameplay: a multivariate, whole-brain analysis."
Mixed emotions to social situations: An fMRI investigation.
Neural Profile of Callous Traits in Children: A Population-Based Neuroimaging Study.
"Essential brain structural alterations in major depressive disorder: A voxel-wise meta-analysis on first episode, medication-naive patients."
A review of functional brain differences predicting relapse in substance use disorder: Actionable targets for new methods of noninvasive brain stimulation.
Grey matter volume differences in non-affective psychosis and the effects of age of onset on grey matter volumes: A voxelwise study.
Brain white matter microstructure in deficit and non-deficit subtypes of schizophrenia.
Tracking thoughts: Exploring the neural architecture of mental time travel during mind-wandering.
Abnormal functional connectivity of the anterior cingulate cortex subregions mediates the association between anhedonia and sleep quality in major depressive disorder.
Vestibular Stimulation Modulates Neural Correlates of Own-body Mental Imagery.
Detecting abnormal connectivity in schizophrenia via a joint directed acyclic graph estimation model.
Dynamics of language reorganization after left temporo-parietal and frontal stroke.
The influence of early life stress on the integration of emotion and working memory.
White matter differences in monozygotic twins discordant or concordant for obsessive-compulsive symptoms: a combined diffusion tensor imaging/voxel-based morphometry study.
Fast and accurate Slicewise OutLIer Detection (SOLID) with informed model estimation for diffusion MRI data.
Reduced gray matter volume is correlated with frontal cognitive and behavioral impairments in Parkinson's disease.
Reduced frontal cortical tracking of conflict between self-beneficial versus prosocial motives in Narcissistic Personality Disorder.
Actual and Imagined Movements Reveal a Dual Role of the Insular Cortex for Motor Control.
Cloze enough? Hemodynamic effects of predictive processing during natural reading.
Toward a connectivity gradient-based framework for reproducible biomarker discovery.
Joint structural-functional magnetic resonance imaging features are associated with diagnosis and real-world functioning in patients with schizophrenia.
Neural bases of inhibitory control: Combining transcranial magnetic stimulation and magnetic resonance imaging in alcohol-use disorder patients.
Disrupted olfactory functional connectivity in patients with late-life depression.
A quantitative meta-analysis of fMRI studies investigating emotional processing in excessive worriers: Application of activation likelihood estimation analysis.
Graph theoretical quantification of white matter reorganization after cortical stroke in mice.
Functional neuroanatomical correlates of contingency judgement.
Semantics-weighted lexical surprisal modeling of naturalistic functional MRI time-series during spoken narrative listening.
Amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation (ALFF) alterations in adults with subthreshold depression after physical exercise: A resting-state fMRI study.
Activation changes induced by cognitive training are consistent with improved cognitive reserve in older adults with subjective cognitive decline.
White matter impairment in chronic heroin dependence: a quantitative DTI study.
Characterizing the subtype of anhedonia in major depressive disorder: A symptom-specific multimodal MRI study.
Connectome-based model predicts episodic memory performance in individuals with subjective cognitive decline and amnestic mild cognitive impairment.
Cognitive domain-independent aberrant frontoparietal network strength in individuals with excessive smartphone use.
Neural substrates of internally-based and externally-cued timing: An activation likelihood estimation (ALE) meta-analysis of fMRI studies.
Neural correlates of liraglutide effects in persons at risk for Alzheimer's disease.
Neuronal mechanisms of motion detection underlying blindsight assessed by functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI).
Disentangling phonological and articulatory processing: A neuroanatomical study in aphasia.
Comparing resting-state connectivity of working memory networks in U.S. Service members with mild traumatic brain injury and posttraumatic stress disorder.
Decision making under uncertainty in a quasi realistic binary decision task - An fMRI study.
Identification of the human sympathetic connectome involved in blood pressure regulation.
Longitudinal changes of cortical morphology in CADASIL.
Prior Reward Conditioning Dampens Hippocampal and Striatal Responses during an Associative Memory Task.
The effect of ageing on the neural substrates of incidental encoding leading to recollection or familiarity.
The Neural Correlates of Relational Reasoning: A Meta-analysis of 47 Functional Magnetic Resonance Studies.
Regional brain atrophy in gray and white matter is associated with cognitive impairment in Myotonic Dystrophy type 1.
The role of the ventral intraparietal area (VIP/pVIP) in the perception of object-motion and self-motion.
Connectome-Based Predictive Modeling of Creativity Anxiety.
Putting the pieces together: Generating a novel representational space through deductive reasoning.
Normative brain volumetry derived from different reference populations: impact on single-subject diagnostic assessment in dementia.
"Connectivity-based subdivisions of the human right ""temporoparietal junction area"": evidence for different areas participating in different cortical networks."
Prediction of gender from longitudinal MRI data via deep learning on adolescent data reveals unique patterns associated with brain structure and change over a two-year period.
Reliability of supraspinal correlates to lower urinary tract stimulation in healthy participants - A fMRI study.
Structural changes in brain morphology induced by brief periods of repetitive sensory stimulation.
Structural disconnection of the posterior medial frontal cortex reduces speech error monitoring.
Error-related Persistence of Motor Activity in Resting-state Networks.
Functional connectivity fingerprints of the human pulvinar: Decoding its role in cognition.
Greed personality trait links to negative psychopathology and underlying neural substrates.
Oxytocin's fingerprint in personality traits and regional brain volume.
Supplementary motor area driving changes of structural brain network in blepharospasm.
Cortical control of vertical and horizontal saccades in progressive supranuclear palsy: An exploratory fMRI study.
Enhanced positive functional connectivity strength in left-sided chronic subcortical stroke.
Language Without Speech: Segregating Distinct Circuits in the Human Brain.
Studying emotion theories through connectivity analysis: Evidence from generalized psychophysiological interactions and graph theory.
Holding On to the Past: Older Adults Show Lingering Neural Activation of No-Longer-Relevant Items in Working Memory.
The Neural Representation of Ordinal Information: Domain-Specific or Domain-General?
"Altered white matter integrity in young adults with first-episode, treatment-naive, and treatment-responsive depression."
Involuntary Orienting and Conflict Resolution during Auditory Attention: The Role of Ventral and Dorsal Streams.
"Structural brain changes in severe and enduring anorexia nervosa: A multimodal magnetic resonance imaging study of gray matter volume, cortical thickness, and white matter integrity."
The relationship between methods of scoring the alternate uses task and the neural correlates of divergent thinking: Evidence from voxel-based morphometry.
Investigation of sensorimotor dysfunction in Parkinson disease by resting-state fMRI.
Neurocognitive determinants of theory of mind across the adult lifespan.
Altered functional connectivity of the dentate nuclei in patients with schizophrenia.
Connectome-based model predicts individual psychopathic traits in college students.
"Brain Morphological Dynamics of Procrastination: The Crucial Role of the Self-Control, Emotional, and Episodic Prospection Network."
Genetic contribution of catechol-O-methyltransferase in dorsolateral prefrontal cortex functional changes in the first episode schizophrenia.
Brain compensation during visuospatial working memory in premanifest Huntington's disease.
"Functional laterality of the anterior and posterior occipitotemporal cortex is affected by language experience and processing strategy, respectively."
Gender differences of amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations in bipolar disorder: A resting state fMRI study.
Insular subdivisions functional connectivity dysfunction within major depressive disorder.
Amygdala responds to direct gaze in real but not in computer-generated faces.
"Depression, auditory-verbal hallucinations, and delusions in patients with schizophrenia: Different patterns of association with prefrontal gray and white matter volume."
Brain structural changes in essential tremor: voxel-based morphometry at 3-Tesla.
Relationship between extraversion personality and gray matter volume and functional connectivity density in healthy young adults: an fMRI study.
"Associations of neurofunctional, morphometric and metabolic abnormalities with clinical symptom severity and recognition deficit in obsessive-compulsive disorder."
Brain regions that retain the spatial layout of tactile stimuli during working memory - A 'tactospatial sketchpad'?
Early decrease of type 1 cannabinoid receptor binding and phosphodiesterase 10A activity in vivo in R6/2 Huntington mice.
Cortical gray matter reduction precedes transition to psychosis in individuals at clinical high-risk for psychosis: A voxel-based meta-analysis.
The autism spectrum among transgender youth: default mode functional connectivity.
A comparative fMRI meta-analysis of altruistic and strategic decisions to give.
Spontaneous cognition and its relationship to human creativity: A functional connectivity study involving a chain free association task.
Abnormal resting-state regional homogeneity in unmedicated bipolar II disorder.
A new patterned air-flow device to reveal the network for tactile motion coding using fMRI.
The aging-liked alterations in Cushing's disease: A neurite orientation dispersion and density imaging (NODDI) study.
Neural mechanisms of perceptive and affective processing of body stimuli in anorexia nervosa - are there developmental effects?
Common and distinct neural substrates of sentence production and comprehension.
Coevolution of language and tools in the human brain: An ALE meta-analysis of neural activation during syntactic processing and tool use.
Sex difference in the effect of Internet gaming disorder on the brain functions: Evidence from resting-state fMRI.
Clinical and biological subtypes of late-life depression.
Anatomy of bipolar disorder and schizophrenia: a meta-analysis.
White matter microstructure in children with autistic traits.
Patterns of retrieval-related cortico-striatal connectivity are stable across the adult lifespan.
"White matter microstructural differences across major depressive disorder, bipolar disorder and schizophrenia: A tract-based spatial statistics study."
Strike or ball? Batters know it better: an fMRI study of action anticipation in baseball players.
Insular-associated causal network of structural covariance evaluating progressive gray matter changes in major depressive disorder.
"Movement, mood and cognition: Preliminary insights into the therapeutic effects of electroconvulsive therapy for depression through a resting-state connectivity analysis."
"Antidepressant and antisuicidal effects of ketamine on the functional connectivity of prefrontal cortex-related circuits in treatment-resistant depression: A double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized, longitudinal resting fMRI study."
Neural representations of imagined speech revealed by frequency-tagged magnetoencephalography responses.
The uncertain brain: A co-ordinate based meta-analysis of the neural signatures supporting uncertainty during different contexts.
Multimodal speech-gesture training in patients with schizophrenia spectrum disorder: Effects on quality of life and neural processing.
Resting-state functional connectivity of the anterior cingulate cortex in young adults depressed patients with and without suicidal behavior.
Gymkhana and pylon slalom driving training effects on the cerebellum structure.
Regional homogeneity analysis of major Parkinson's disease subtypes based on functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Frequency and amplitude modulation of resting-state fMRI signals and their functional relevance in normal aging.
Abnormal dynamic functional connectivity density in patients with generalized anxiety disorder.
Gray matter volume reductions in patients with schizophrenia: A replication study across two cultural backgrounds.
Reliability modelling of resting-state functional connectivity.
Let's face it: The lateralization of the face perception network as measured with fMRI is not clearly right dominant.
"Structural brain correlates in major depression, anxiety disorders and post-traumatic stress disorder: A voxel-based morphometry meta-analysis."
Altered structural connectivity and cytokine levels in Schizophrenia and Genetic high-risk individuals: Associations with disease states and vulnerability.
Fronto-cerebellar connectivity mediating cognitive processing speed.
The neural basis of smile authenticity judgments and the potential modulatory role of the oxytocin receptor gene (OXTR).
Neural basis of in-group bias and prejudices: A systematic meta-analysis.
Training emotion regulation through real-time fMRI neurofeedback of amygdala activity.
Altered spontaneous brain activity in MRI-negative refractory temporal lobe epilepsy patients with major depressive disorder: A resting-state fMRI study.
Disrupted orbitomedial prefrontal limbic network in individuals with later-life depression.
Quantitative EEG and LORETA: valuable tools in discerning FTD from AD?
Tract-based diffusion tensor imaging in patients with schizophrenia and their non-psychotic siblings.
People with high empathy show increased cortical activity around the left medial parieto-occipital sulcus after watching social interaction of on-screen characters.
Effective connectivity modulations related to win and loss outcomes.
Structural brain alterations in bipolar disorder II: a combined voxel-based morphometry (VBM) and diffusion tensor imaging (DTI) study.
Neurocognitive impact of ketamine treatment in major depressive disorder: A review on human and animal studies.
Neural similarity at temporal lobe and cerebellum predicts out-of-sample preference and recall for video stimuli.
Altered functional connectivity between the nucleus basalis of Meynert and anterior cingulate cortex is associated with declined attentional performance after total sleep deprivation.
Impaired social learning predicts reduced real-life motivation in individuals with depression: A computational fMRI study.
"Increased Proinflammatory Cytokines, Executive Dysfunction, and Reduced Gray Matter Volumes In First-Episode Bipolar Disorder and Major Depressive Disorder."
Speaking in the Brain: The Interaction between Words and Syntax in Sentence Production.
A pilot investigation of differential neuroendocrine associations with fronto-limbic activation during semantically-cued list learning in mood disorders.
Neural correlates of risk perception as a function of risk level: An approach to the study of risk through a daily life task.
Cerebello-thalamic activity drives an abnormal motor network into dystonic tremor.
Automatic semantic influence on early visual word recognition in the ventral occipito-temporal cortex.
Impact of gender and genetics on emotion processing in Parkinson's disease - A multimodal study.
Different neural substrates at first impressions of same-sex and opposite-sex faces in women.
White matter hyperintensities and risks of cognitive impairment and dementia: A systematic review and meta-analysis of 36 prospective studies.
Use of multi-flip angle measurements to account for transmit inhomogeneity and non-Gaussian diffusion in DW-SSFP.
Neural correlates of moral goodness and moral beauty judgments.
Overlapping and unique brain responses to cognitive and response inhibition.
Prefrontal glutamatergic emotion regulation is disturbed in cluster B and C personality disorders - A combined H/P-MR spectroscopic study.
Evidence for wakefulness-related changes to extracellular space in human brain white matter from diffusion-weighted MRI.
Brain plasticity dynamics during tactile Braille learning in sighted subjects: Multi-contrast MRI approach.
Neural correlates of multisensory enhancement in audiovisual narrative speech perception: A fMRI investigation.
Orbitofrontal neural dissociation of healthy and unhealthy food reward sensitivity in normal-weight binge eaters.
Regional amplitude abnormities in the major depressive disorder: A resting-state fMRI study and support vector machine analysis.
You took the words right out of my mouth: Dual-fMRI reveals intra- and inter-personal neural processes supporting verbal interaction.
Stereomotion Processing in the Nonhuman Primate Brain.
"Anterior cingulate cortex, insula and amygdala seed-based whole brain resting-state functional connectivity differentiates bipolar from unipolar depression."
Individual odor hedonic perception is coded in temporal joint network activity.
Structural brain differences between monolingual and multilingual patients with mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer disease: Evidence for cognitive reserve.
Thumbs up or thumbs down: neural processing of social feedback and links to social motivation in adolescent girls.
The neurobiology of brain recovery from traumatic stress: A longitudinal DTI study.
Morphological and Age-Related Changes in the Narcolepsy Brain.
Effective connectivity within a triple network brain system discriminates schizophrenia spectrum disorders from psychotic bipolar disorder at the single-subject level.
The neural basis of complex audiovisual objects maintenances in working memory.
Association of excessive social media use with abnormal white matter integrity of the corpus callosum.
Childhood neglect is associated with corticostriatal circuit dysfunction in bipolar disorder adults.
Moving Toward versus Away from Another: How Body Motion Direction Changes the Representation of Bodies and Actions in the Visual Cortex.
Cortical responses to letters and ambiguous speech vary with reading skills in dyslexic and typically reading children.
Functional Connectivity within and beyond the Face Network Is Related to Reduced Discrimination of Degraded Faces in Young and Older Adults.
The effect of early cognitive behavior therapy for first-episode treatment-naive major depressive disorder.
Abnormal cerebellum-DMN regions connectivity in unmedicated bipolar II disorder.
Familiarity and Audience Effects on Giving: A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study.
Focused attention meditation in healthy adults: A systematic review and meta-analysis of cross-sectional functional MRI studies.
The battle for Broca's region.
Visual Simultaneity Judgments Activate a Bilateral Frontoparietal Timing System.
The resting-state cerebro-cerebellar function connectivity and associations with verbal working memory performance.
"Music enhances activity in the hypothalamus, brainstem, and anterior cerebellum during script-driven imagery of affective scenes."
Differential activation of brain areas in children with developmental coordination disorder during tasks of manual dexterity: An ALE meta-analysis.
Using diffusion tensor imaging to effectively target TMS to deep brain structures.
The interplay of emotional and social conceptual processes during moral reasoning in frontotemporal dementia.
Triple network hypothesis-related disrupted connections in schizophrenia: A spectral dynamic causal modeling analysis with functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Prefrontal Control Over Occipital Responses to Crossmodal Overlap Varies Across the Congruency Spectrum.
A meta-analysis of structural brain abnormalities in PTSD.
"Fitness, cortical thickness and surface area in overweight/obese children: The mediating role of body composition and relationship with intelligence."
Intrinsic mesocorticolimbic connectivity is negatively associated with social amotivation in people with schizophrenia.
Meningioma can lead to pre-operative cognitive alterations even if localized in sensorimotor areas: A multimodal MRI-neuropsychological study in a series of 46 patients.
"Cognitive reward control recruits medial and lateral frontal cortices, which are also involved in cognitive emotion regulation: A coordinate-based meta-analysis of fMRI studies."
Frontal cortex differentiates between free and imposed target selection in multiple-target search.
Neural substrates underlying balanced time perspective: A combined voxel-based morphometry and resting-state functional connectivity study.
Using resting thalamic connectivity to identify the relationship between Eysenck personality traits and intelligence in healthy adults.
A coordinate-based meta-analysis of the n-back working memory paradigm using activation likelihood estimation.
Rumination and the default mode network: Meta-analysis of brain imaging studies and implications for depression.
Effects of vasopressin on neural processing of infant crying in expectant fathers.
Altered engagement of the speech motor network is associated with reduced phonological working memory in autism.
Electroconvulsive therapy effects on anhedonia and reward circuitry anatomy: A dimensional structural neuroimaging approach.
Functional Realignment of Frontoparietal Subnetworks during Divergent Creative Thinking.
Glucocorticoids and cortical decoding in the phobic brain.
A population stereotaxic positron emission tomography brain template for the macaque and its application to ischemic model.
Typicality in the brain during semantic and episodic memory decisions.
Different computational relations in language are captured by distinct brain systems.
Decreased regional homogeneity and increased functional connectivity of default network correlated with neurocognitive deficits in subjects with genetic high-risk for schizophrenia: A resting-state fMRI study.
Altered cortical structure and psychiatric symptom risk in adolescents exposed to maternal stress in utero: A retrospective investigation.
Altered topological characteristics of morphological brain network relate to language impairment in high genetic risk subjects and schizophrenia patients.
Meta-analytic investigations of common and distinct grey matter alterations in youths and adults with obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Neural architecture underlying person perception from in-group and out-group voices.
Altered brain activity and childhood trauma in Chinese adolescents with borderline personality disorder.
Prompting future events: Effects of temporal cueing and time on task on brain preparation to action.
Brain activity during walking: A systematic review.
Negative Parenting Affects Adolescent Internalizing Symptoms Through Alterations in Amygdala-Prefrontal Circuitry: A Longitudinal Twin Study.
Symptom attribution in first episode psychosis: a cortical thickness study.
Aberrant functional connectivity within the salience network is related to cognitive deficits and disorganization in psychosis.
The neural network underpinning social feedback contingent upon one's action: An fMRI study.
Neural and Cognitive Underpinnings of Counterintuitive Science and Math Reasoning in Adolescence.
Context matters: Novel metaphors in supportive and non-supportive contexts.
Function without feeling: neural reactivity and intercommunication during flexible motor adjustments evoked by emotional and neutral stimuli.
False recognitions in short-term memory - Age-differences in neural activity.
Children with euthymic bipolar disorder during an emotional go/nogo task: Insights into the neural circuits of cognitive-emotional regulation.
The gray matter volume in superior frontal gyrus mediates the impact of reflection on emotion in Internet gaming addicts.
White matter abnormalities in first-episode patients with depersonalization/derealization disorder: A tract-based spatial statistics study.
An emergent functional parcellation of the temporal cortex.
Regional cerebral activity abnormality in pregnant women with antenatal depression.
The neurophysiological basis of compassion: An fMRI meta-analysis of compassion and its related neural processes.
Processing of Prediction Errors in Mentalizing Areas.
Distinctive regional asymmetry in dopaminergic and serotoninergic dysfunction in degenerative Parkinsonisms.
"Predictive processing, cognitive control, and tonality stability of music: An fMRI study of chromatic harmony."
Abnormal spontaneous neural activity of brain regions in patients with primary blepharospasm at rest.
Altered connectivity of the visual word form area in the low-vision population: A resting-state fMRI study.
Acute TMS/fMRI response explains offline TMS network effects - An interleaved TMS-fMRI study.
The pathoconnectivity network analysis of the insular cortex: A morphometric fingerprinting.
White matter alterations in anorexia nervosa: Evidence from a voxel-based meta-analysis.
Effect of NEUROG3 polymorphism rs144643855 on regional spontaneous brain activity in major depressive disorder.
Dopaminergic medication normalizes aberrant cognitive control circuit signalling in Parkinson's disease.
Low-signal-intensity rim on susceptibility-weighted imaging is not a specific finding to progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy.
Neural correlates of resolving conflict from emotional and nonemotional distracters in obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Dynamic functional-structural coupling within acute functional state change phases: Evidence from a depression recognition study.
Effective connectivity reveals distinctive patterns in response to others' genuine affective experience of disgust.
Trifluoromethoxy-benzylated ligands improve amyloid detection in the brain using (19)F magnetic resonance imaging.
Cortical reactivations during sleep spindles following declarative learning.
Retrieval aids the creation of a generalised memory trace and strengthens episode-unique information.
Age-related differences in the structural and effective connectivity of cognitive control: a combined fMRI and DTI study of mental arithmetic.
Cerebellar structural and functional abnormalities in first-episode and drug-naive patients with schizophrenia: A meta-analysis.
High angular resolution diffusion imaging abnormalities in the early stages of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Knowing what you feel: Inferior frontal gyrus-based structural and functional neural patterns underpinning adaptive body awareness.
Unraveling somatotopic organization in the human brain using machine learning and adaptive supervoxel-based parcellations.
Maladaptive Avoidance Learning in the Orbitofrontal Cortex in Adolescents With Major Depression.
Effects of long-term adolescent alcohol consumption on white matter integrity and their correlations with metabolic alterations.
Neural activity for hip-knee control in those with anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction: A task-based functional connectivity analysis.
The unexplored link between aesthetic perception and creativity: A theory-driven meta-analysis of fMRI studies in the visual domain.
The Shape of Things to Come in Speech Production: A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study of Visual Form Interference during Lexical Access.
Similarities and differences in cerebellar grey matter volume and disrupted functional connectivity in idiopathic Parkinson's disease and multiple system atrophy.
Recruitment of the occipital cortex by arithmetic processing follows computational bias in the congenitally blind.
Building the multitasking brain: An integrated perspective on functional brain activation during task-switching and dual-tasking.
Test-retest reliability of brain responses to risk-taking during the balloon analogue risk task.
Quantitative morphometric changes in vascular mild cognitive impairment patients: early diagnosis of dementia.
Neural correlates of prospection impairments in schizophrenia: Evidence from voxel-based morphometry analysis.
Quantitative assessment of cerebral gray matter density change in progressive supranuclear palsy using voxel based morphometry analysis and cerebral MR T1-weighted FLAIR imaging.
Dissociation of Writing Processes: A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study on the Neural Substrates for the Handwritten Production of Chinese Characters.
The quandary of covarying: A brief review and empirical examination of covariate use in structural neuroimaging studies on psychological variables.
Cortical sources of resting-state alpha rhythms are abnormal in persistent vegetative state patients.
Neuroticism modulates neural activities of posterior cingulate cortex and thalamus during psychosocial stress processing.
Affective evaluation of others' altruistic decisions under risk and ambiguity.
Partial and Total Sleep Deprivation Interferes With Neural Correlates of Consolidation of Fear Extinction Memory.
Neural Correlates of Successful Memory Encoding in Kindergarten and Early Elementary School Children: Longitudinal Trends and Effects of Schooling.
Spontaneous Brain Activity Predicts Task-Evoked Activity During Animate Versus Inanimate Touch.
Effects of language proficiency on cognitive control: Evidence from resting-state functional connectivity.
Thalamic diffusion differences related to cognitive function in white matter lesions.
"Semantic memory recognition is supported by intrinsic recollection-like processes: ""The butcher on the bus"" revisited."
Local similarity of activity patterns during auditory and visual processing.
Quality of sleep predicts increased frontoparietal network connectivity in patients with mild cognitive impairment.
Structural correlates of literacy difficulties in the second language: Evidence from Mandarin-speaking children learning English.
Representation of action semantics in the motor cortex and Broca's area.
Separable neural representations of sound sources: Speaker identity and musical timbre.
Neurochemical and functional reorganization of the cognitive-ear link underlies cognitive impairment in presbycusis.
The amygdala theory of autism.
Structural and functional alterations in the brain gray matter among first-degree relatives of schizophrenia patients: A multimodal meta-analysis of fMRI and VBM studies.
Left perirhinal cortex codes for semantic similarity between written words defined from cued word association.
Rt-fMRI neurofeedback-guided cognitive reappraisal training modulates amygdala responsivity in posttraumatic stress disorder.
"Sex-Dependent Associations among Maternal Depressive Symptoms, Child Reward Network, and Behaviors in Early Childhood."
Hippocampus-driving progressive structural alterations in medication-naïve major depressive disorder.
"""Unrest while Resting""? Brain entropy in autism spectrum disorder."
Thalamo-cortical coupling during encoding and consolidation is linked to durable memory formation.
On the performance of multi-compartment relaxometry for myelin water imaging (MCR-MWI) - test-retest repeatability and inter-protocol reproducibility.
Fractional amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations and gray matter volume alterations in patients with bipolar depression.
Originality of divergent thinking is associated with working memory-related brain activity: Evidence from a large sample study.
Distinguishing between cognitive explanations of the problem size effect in mental arithmetic via representational similarity analysis of fMRI data.
Reprint of: resting cerebral metabolism correlates with skin conductance and functional brain activation during fear conditioning.
The differences of functional brain network in processing auditory phonological tasks between Cantonese-Mandarin bilinguals and Mandarin monolinguals.
Aggressiveness of martial artists correlates with reduced temporal pole grey matter concentration.
Altered functional connectivity of right inferior frontal gyrus subregions in bipolar disorder: a resting state fMRI study.
Frontolimbic Network Topology Associated With Risk and Presence of Depression in Adolescents: A Study Using a Composite Risk Score in Brazil.
"""The effect of tDCS on functional connectivity in primary progressive aphasia"" NeuroImage: Clinical, volume 19 (2018), pages 703-715."
An fMRI study of theory of mind in individuals with first episode psychosis.
Explicit and Ambiguous Threat Processing: Functionally Dissociable Roles of the Amygdala and Bed Nucleus of the Stria Terminalis.
"Cerebellar abnormalities in first-episode, drug-naive schizophrenia at rest."
Distinct neuronal entrainment to beat and meter: Revealed by simultaneous EEG-fMRI.
Labeling Emotional Stimuli in Early Childhood Predicts Neural and Behavioral Indicators of Emotion Regulation in Late Adolescence.
Neural correlates of social cognitive introspective accuracy in schizophrenia.
Identifying and removing widespread signal deflections from fMRI data: Rethinking the global signal regression problem.
Disrupted functional and structural connectivity within default mode network contribute to WMH-related cognitive impairment.
Spatiotemporal consistency analysis of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder children.
Abnormalities of cortical structures in patients with postpartum depression: A surface-based morphometry study.
Try to see it my way - Examining the relationship between visual perspective taking and theory of mind in frontotemporal dementia.
Functional connectivity underpinning changes in life-space mobility in older adults with mild cognitive impairment: A 12-month prospective study.
The Spatial Orienting paradigm: how to design and interpret spatial attention experiments.
Estimating age-related changes in in vivo cerebral magnetic resonance angiography using convolutional neural network.
Neural correlates of quantity processing of Chinese numeral classifiers.
Resting-state mapping of neural signatures of vulnerability to depression relapse.
Distinct neural response to visual perspective and body size in the extrastriate body area.
Brain structure in schizophrenia vs. psychotic bipolar I disorder: A VBM study.
Functional connectivity of the anterior cingulate cortex in Veterans with mild traumatic brain injury.
Are hypersegmented neutrophils a characteristic of Boucher-Neuhäuser syndrome?
Finding decodable information that can be read out in behaviour.
Age-related changes in the neural networks supporting semantic cognition: A meta-analysis of 47 functional neuroimaging studies.
Similar patterns of cortical activity in females and males during item memory.
Neural and Behavioral Outcomes Differ Following Equivalent Bouts of Motor Imagery or Physical Practice.
Alterations of grey matter volumes and network-level functions in patients with stable chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Beneficial effects of cerebellar tDCS on motor learning are associated with altered putamen-cerebellar connectivity: A simultaneous tDCS-fMRI study.
Roles of posterior parietal and dorsal premotor cortices in relative pitch processing: Comparing musical intervals to lexical tones.
Autonomic modulation networks in schizophrenia: The relationship between heart rate variability and functional and structural connectivity in the brain.
Distinct neural networks subserve placebo analgesia and nocebo hyperalgesia.
Contrasting functional imaging parametric maps: The mislocation problem and alternative solutions.
Functional brain changes in auditory phantom perception evoked by different stimulus frequencies.
Brain activity alterations in patients with Parkinson's disease with cognitive impairment based on resting-state functional MRI.
Age-related changes in brain deactivation but not in activation after motor learning.
White matter pathway organization of the reward system is related to positive and negative symptoms in schizophrenia.
Voxel-based morphology analysis of STZ-induced type 1 diabetes mellitus rats with and without cognitive impairment.
Beyond cortical localization in clinico-anatomical correlation.
Lateral occipitotemporal cortex encodes perceptual components of social actions rather than abstract representations of sociality.
Quantitative in vivo T2 mapping using fast spin echo techniques - A linear correction procedure.
Sex Differences and Exogenous Estrogen Influence Learning and Brain Responses to Prediction Errors.
Voxelwise meta-analysis of grey matter atrophy in narcolepsy.
Neural substrates of bilingual processing in a logographic writing system: An fMRI study in Chinese Cantonese-Mandarin bilinguals.
Neural Correlates of Emotion Regulation in Adolescents and Emerging Adults: A Meta-analytic Study.
Speech perception in autism spectrum disorder: An activation likelihood estimation meta-analysis.
Brain abnormalities in adults with Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder revealed by voxel-based morphometry.
Frontal-subcortical circuitry in social attachment and relationships: A cross-sectional fMRI ALE meta-analysis.
Reduced Thalamus Volume and Enhanced Thalamus and Fronto-Parietal Network Integration in the Chess Experts.
Longitudinal changes of amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations in MDD patients: A 6-month follow-up resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Revealing the differences of the representations of sounds from different directions in the human brain using functional connectivity.
Altered resting-state functional connectivity of medial frontal cortex in overweight individuals: Link to food-specific intentional inhibition and weight gain.
Orbitofrontal connectivity is associated with depression and anxiety in marijuana-using adolescents.
Regional and long-range neural synchronization abnormality during passive hyperthermia.
Rapid Neural Representations of Personally Relevant Faces.
"Differences among first-episode schizophrenia patients, healthy siblings, and controls at the individual level."
The importance of the fibre tracts connecting the planum temporale in absolute pitch possessors.
Tract-based spatial statistics analysis of white matter changes in children with anisometropic amblyopia.
Atypical processing of uncertainty in individuals at risk for psychosis.
Functional topography of anger and aggression in the human cerebellum.
Gray matter atrophy in narcolepsy: An activation likelihood estimation meta-analysis.
Understanding identification-based trust in the light of affiliative bonding: Meta-analytic neuroimaging evidence.
Functional neuroanatomy of meditation: A review and meta-analysis of 78 functional neuroimaging investigations.
Resting-state functional connectivity in medication-naïve adolescents with major depressive disorder.
Processing of Different Temporal Scales in the Human Brain.
The cerebral metabolic topography of spinocerebellar ataxia type 3.
Development and body mass inversely affect children's brain activation in dorsolateral prefrontal cortex during food choice.
"Inhibit, switch, and update: A within-subject fMRI investigation of executive control."
Creative aging: functional brain networks associated with divergent thinking in older and younger adults.
Approximating anatomically-guided PET reconstruction in image space using a convolutional neural network.
Levodopa imparts a normalizing effect on default-mode network connectivity in non-demented Parkinson's disease.
Neurocognitive Underpinnings of Aggressive Predation in Economic Contests.
Blunted neuroeconomic loss aversion in schizophrenia.
How reliable are amygdala findings in psychopathy? A systematic review of MRI studies.
Clinical correlates of white matter lesions in Parkinson's disease using automated multi-modal segmentation measures.
"Dorsal striatum does not mediate feedback-based, stimulus-response learning: An event-related fMRI study in patients with Parkinson's disease tested on and off dopaminergic therapy."
Metacognition in individuals recovered from anorexia nervosa: a voxel-based morphometry study.
"NIRS measures in pain and analgesia: Fundamentals, features, and function."
Modality-general representations of valences perceived from visual and auditory modalities.
Elements of creative thought: Investigating the cognitive and neural correlates of association and bi-association processes.
Intrinsic functional connectivity in social anxiety disorder with and without comorbid attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.
"Intraparietal sulcus maintains working memory representations of somatosensory categories in an adaptive, context-dependent manner."
Lower Socioeconomic Position Is Associated with Greater Activity in and Integration within an Allostatic-Interoceptive Brain Network in Response to Affective Stimuli.
Both activation and deactivation of functional networks support increased sentence processing costs.
Default network activation during episodic and semantic memory retrieval: A selective meta-analytic comparison.
Diffusion restriction in the human spinal cord characterized in vivo with high b-value STEAM diffusion imaging.
A hybrid Convolutional and Recurrent Neural Network for Hippocampus Analysis in Alzheimer's Disease.
Cognitive performance is associated with gray matter decline in first-episode psychosis.
Neural Correlates of Fixated Low- and High-level Scene Properties during Active Scene Viewing.
Tactile enumeration: A case study of acalculia.
The pontine-driven somatic gaze tract contributes to affective processing in humans.
Intrinsic brain abnormalities in drug-naive patients with obsessive-compulsive disorder: A resting-state functional MRI study.
SEPIA-Susceptibility mapping pipeline tool for phase images.
Reading music and words: The anatomical connectivity of musicians' visual cortex.
Aberrant brain dynamics in major depressive disorder with suicidal ideation.
Functional MRI of pain application in youth who engaged in repetitive non-suicidal self-injury vs. psychiatric controls.
Abnormal gray matter structure in children and adolescents with high-functioning autism spectrum disorder.
Imitation encourages empathic capacity toward other individuals with physical disabilities.
Effects of Psychotherapy on Neuronal Correlates of Reappraisal in Female Patients With Borderline Personality Disorder.
Perception of direct vs. averted gaze in portrait paintings: An fMRI and eye-tracking study.
Meranzin hydrate elicits antidepressant effects and restores reward circuitry.
A lack of differentiation in amygdala responses to fearful expression intensity in panic disorder patients.
Diurnal variations of resting-state fMRI data: A graph-based analysis.
Predicting time-to-conversion for dementia of Alzheimer's type using multi-modal deep survival analysis.
Effects of valence and arousal on implicit approach/ avoidance tendencies: A fMRI study.
Neurophysiology of action anticipation in athletes: A systematic review.
The chronnectome of musical beat.
Intrinsic functional brain connectivity patterns underlying enhanced interoceptive sensibility.
A multi-atlas based method for automated anatomical Macaca fascicularis brain MRI segmentation and PET kinetic extraction.
Individual OCD-provoking stimuli activate disorder-related and self-related neuronal networks in fMRI.
Effect of clozapine on white matter integrity in patients with schizophrenia: a diffusion tensor imaging study.
Brain imaging of chill reactions to pleasant and unpleasant sounds.
Altered resting-state functional connectivity of the right precuneus and cognition between depressed and non-depressed schizophrenia.
Non-Gaussian diffusion alterations on diffusion kurtosis imaging in patients with early Alzheimer's disease.
Altered functional connectivity between brain structures in adults with type 1 diabetes and polyneuropathy.
Response time as a proxy of ongoing mental state: A combined fMRI and pupillometry study in Generalized Anxiety Disorder.
The influence of initial spinal cord haematoma and cord compression on neurological grade improvement in acute traumatic spinal cord injury: A prospective observational study.
Where does fear originate in the brain? A coordinate-based meta-analysis of explicit and implicit fear processing.
Neural mechanisms of perceptual and affective body-image disturbance during own-body and ideal-body estimation.
Distinct grey matter volume alterations in adult patients with panic disorder and social anxiety disorder: A systematic review and voxel-based morphometry meta-analysis.
Lateralized effects of post-learning transcranial direct current stimulation on motor memory consolidation in older adults: An fMRI investigation.
Differential contribution of anterior and posterior midline regions during mental simulation of counterfactual and perspective shifts in autobiographical memories.
Winning smiles: Signalling reward by overlapping and non-overlapping emotional valence differentially affects performance and neural activity.
Effect of corticotropin-releasing hormone receptor1 gene variation on psychosocial stress reaction via the dorsal anterior cingulate cortex in healthy adults.
The relationship between heart rate and functional connectivity of brain regions involved in autonomic control.
Abnormal regional homogeneity and functional connectivity in major depressive disorder patients with long-term remission: An exploratory study.
Neurobiological correlates of cue-reactivity in alcohol-use disorders: A voxel-wise meta-analysis of fMRI studies.
Neuromagnetic signatures of the spatiotemporal transformation for manual pointing.
Junior-Real Time neuropsychological testing (j-RTNT) for a young patient undergoing awake craniotomy.
A naturalistic viewing paradigm using 360° panoramic video clips and real-time field-of-view changes with eye-gaze tracking.
Reducing Amygdala Activity and Phobic Fear through Cognitive Top-Down Regulation.
Cortical amyloid accumulation is associated with alterations of structural integrity in older people with subjective memory complaints.
MC-RVAE: Multi-channel recurrent variational autoencoder for multimodal Alzheimer's disease progression modelling.
Motor cognition in patients treated with subthalamic nucleus deep brain stimulation: Limits of compensatory overactivity in Parkinson's disease.
Ventral Striatal-Hippocampus Coupling During Reward Processing as a Stratification Biomarker for Psychotic Disorders.
Disconfirmation modulates the neural correlates of the false consensus effect: A parametric modulation approach.
Connectivity patterns of pallidal DBS electrodes in focal dystonia: a diffusion tensor tractography study.
Differences in BOLD responses in brain reward network reflect the tendency to assimilate a surprising flavor stimulus to an expected stimulus.
Neural Control of Emotional Actions in Response to Affective Vocalizations.
Altered mGluR5 binding potential and glutamine concentration in the 6-OHDA rat model of acute Parkinson's disease and levodopa-induced dyskinesia.
Stability of dynamic functional architecture differs between brain networks and states.
Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) facilitates verb learning by altering effective connectivity in the healthy brain.
Reduced connectivity between mentalizing and mirror systems in autism spectrum condition.
Abnormal fractional Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuation in chronic ketamine users.
Delineating insight-processing-related functional activations in the precuneus in first-episode psychosis patients.
Functional reorganization during the recovery of contralesional target selection deficits after prefrontal cortex lesions in macaque monkeys.
Multivoxel Pattern Analysis Reveals a Neural Phenotype for Trust Bias in Adolescents.
Affective blindsight in the absence of input from face processing regions in occipital-temporal cortex.
Interactions between neural decision-making circuits predict long-term dietary treatment success in obesity.
Association of Cortical Glutamate and Working Memory Activation in Patients With Schizophrenia: A Multimodal Proton Magnetic Resonance Spectroscopy and Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study.
Decreased cingulo-opercular network functional connectivity mediates the impact of aging on visual processing speed.
Bilingualism as a gradient measure modulates functional connectivity of language and control networks.
"The Role of Unawareness, Volition, and Neural Hyperconnectivity in Alcohol Use Disorder: A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study."
"Action-based predictions affect visual perception, neural processing, and pupil size, regardless of temporal predictability."
Anatomical and functional changes in the brain after simultaneous interpreting training: A longitudinal study.
Abnormal default-mode network homogeneity and its correlations with neurocognitive deficits in drug-naive first-episode adolescent-onset schizophrenia.
An fMRI study of cognitive regulation of reward processing in generalized anxiety disorder (GAD).
"Four-modality imaging of unmedicated subjects with schizophrenia: F-fluorodeoxyglucose and F-fallypride PET, diffusion tensor imaging, and MRI."
Convergent molecular and structural neuroimaging signatures of first-episode depression.
Cerebral changes and disrupted gray matter cortical networks in asymptomatic older adults at risk for Alzheimer's disease.
White matter connectivity in neonates at risk of stuttering: Preliminary data.
Parental Reflective Functioning correlates to brain activation in response to video-stimuli of mother-child dyads: Links to maternal trauma history and PTSD.
Understanding heterogeneity in grey matter research of adults with childhood maltreatment-A meta-analysis and review.
Neurovascular correlates of retinal microvascular caliber in adolescent bipolar disorder.
An insula-based network mediates the relation between rumination and interoceptive sensibility in the healthy population.
"Differential neural structures, intrinsic functional connectivity, and episodic memory in subjective cognitive decline and healthy controls."
Modulation of brain regions involved in word recognition by homophonous stimuli: an fMRI study.
Amygdala in Action: Functional Connectivity during Approach and Avoidance Behaviors.
Involvement of the posterior tool processing network during explicit retrieval of action tool and semantic tool knowledge: an fMRI study.
Neural correlates of semantic and syntactic processing in German Sign Language.
Measuring Cognitive Flexibility with the Flexible Item Selection Task: From fMRI Adaptation to Individual Connectome Mapping.
Neural Dynamics of Reward-Induced Response Activation and Inhibition.
"Cognitive reserve, neurocognitive performance, and high-order resting-state networks in cognitively unimpaired aging."
Tailored haemodynamic response function increases detection power of fMRI in awake dogs (Canis familiaris).
Acute neuroborreliosis with involvement of the central nervous system.
Alterations in gray matter volumes and intrinsic activity in the prefrontal cortex are associated with suicide attempts in patients with bipolar disorder.
Limbic and cortical regions as functional biomarkers associated with emotion regulation in bipolar disorder: A meta-analysis of neuroimaging studies.
Trajectory of aberrant reward processing in patients with bipolar disorder - A longitudinal fMRI study.
Model testing for distinctive functional connectivity gradients with resting-state fMRI data.
The central autonomic network at rest: Uncovering functional MRI correlates of time-varying autonomic outflow.
Late-Onset Alzheimer's Disease Polygenic Risk Profile Score Predicts Hippocampal Function.
Altered temporal variance and functional connectivity of BOLD signal is associated with state anxiety during acute systemic inflammation.
Neural mechanisms underlying concurrent listening of simultaneous speech.
Intergroup empathy: Enhanced neural resonance for ingroup facial emotion in a shared neural production-perception network.
Resting state predicts neural activity during reward-guided decision making: An fMRI study on Balloon Analogue Risk Task.
"Object parsing in the left lateral occipitotemporal cortex: Whole shape, part shape, and graspability."
Disentangling Neural Sources of Problem Size and Interference Effects in Multiplication.
Correlation of abnormalities in resting state fMRI with executive functioning in chronic schizophrenia.
The relationship of anxious and depressive symptoms in Parkinson's disease with voxel-based neuroanatomical and functional connectivity measures.
Negative life experiences contribute to racial differences in the neural response to threat.
Decoding dynamic affective responses to naturalistic videos with shared neural patterns.
12h abstinence-induced right anterior insula network pattern changes in young smokers.
Reduced task durations in functional PET imaging with [F]FDG approaching that of functional MRI.
"A voxel-based morphometry study comparing problem gamblers, alcohol abusers, and healthy controls."
Reduced modulation of BOLD variability as a function of cognitive load in healthy aging.
Intrinsic functional clustering of anterior cingulate cortex in the common marmoset.
SREBF-2 polymorphism influences white matter microstructure in bipolar disorder.
Effects of phase regression on high-resolution functional MRI of the primary visual cortex.
Attentional Weighting in the Face Processing Network: A Magnetic Response Image-guided Magnetoencephalography Study Using Multiple Cyclic Entrainments.
Aberrant regional homogeneity in Parkinson's disease: A voxel-wise meta-analysis of resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging studies.
The influence of sensorimotor experience on the aesthetic evaluation of dance across the life span.
Local inefficiency of the default mode network in young men with narcissistic personality disorder.
Functional connectivity between pre-supplementary motor area and inferior parietal lobule associated with impaired motor response inhibition in first-degree relatives of patients with obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Commonalities and differences in predictive neural processing of discrete vs continuous action feedback.
The precuneus as a central node in declarative memory retrieval.
Auditory entrainment of motor responses in older adults with and without Parkinson's disease: An MEG study.
Precise motor rhythmicity relies on motor network responsivity.
Elucidating the role of the posterior medial frontal cortex in social conflict processing.
Neurobiological Clusters Are Associated with Trajectories of Overall Psychopathology in Youth.
The neural basis for understanding imitation-induced musical meaning: The role of the human mirror system.
Task-independent acute effects of delta-9-tetrahydrocannabinol on human brain function and its relationship with cannabinoid receptor gene expression: A neuroimaging meta-regression analysis.
Goal-oriented and habitual decisions: Neural signatures of model-based and model-free learning.
Neural correlates of intimate picture stimuli in females.
Metacognition of visuomotor decisions in conversion disorder.
Functional Segregation of the Right Inferior Frontal Gyrus: Evidence From Coactivation-Based Parcellation.
Changes of brain structure in Parkinson's disease patients with mild cognitive impairment analyzed via VBM technology.
Default mode network alterations in individuals with high-trait-anxiety: An EEG functional connectivity study.
Neural Correlates of Causal Confounding.
Adaptive phonemic coding in the listening and speaking brain.
Suppress to feel and remember less: Neural correlates of explicit and implicit emotional suppression on perception and memory.
A low-cost open-architecture taste delivery system for gustatory fMRI and BCI experiments.
Competition between Associations in Memory.
"Same action, different meaning: neural substrates of action semantic meaning."
Correlates of poor insight: A comparative fMRI and sMRI study in obsessive-compulsive disorder and schizo-obsessive disorder.
Type 1 diabetes and working memory processing of emotional faces.
Alterations in resting-state local functional connectivity in obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Dance and music training have different effects on white matter diffusivity in sensorimotor pathways.
Conflict detection and resolution rely on a combination of common and distinct cognitive control networks.
Schizotypy and mentalizing: An fMRI study.
Brain anatomy changes associated with persistent neuropathic pain following spinal cord injury.
Probing the Neural Systems Underlying Flexible Dimensional Attention.
Altered Resting State Functional Connectivity and Its Correlation with Cognitive Functions at Ultra High Risk for Psychosis.
Pepper with and without a sting: Brain processing of intranasal trigeminal and olfactory stimuli from the same source.
Functional Delineation of Prefrontal Networks Underlying Working Memory in Schizophrenia: A Cross-data-set Examination.
"Mood Variability, Craving, and Substance Use Disorders: From Intrinsic Brain Network Connectivity to Daily Life Experience."
Neuroimaging-Derived Biomarkers of the Antidepressant Effects of Ketamine.
Odor-related brain hyper-reactivity in euthymic bipolar disorder: An fMRI and ERP study.
Aberrant Cortical Integration in First-Episode Psychosis During Natural Audiovisual Processing.
Can't get it off my brain: Meta-analysis of neuroimaging studies on perseverative cognition.
Grey matter volume and structural covariance associated with schizotypy.
Development of Prefrontal Cortical Connectivity and the Enduring Effect of Learned Value on Cognitive Control.
Neural attenuation: age-related dedifferentiation in the left occipitotemporal cortex for visual word processing.
"Affective value, intensity and quality of liquid tastants/food discernment in the human brain: An activation likelihood estimation meta-analysis."
Have we been asking the right questions when assessing response inhibition in go/no-go tasks with fMRI? A meta-analysis and critical review.
Diffusion tensor imaging in attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Dissociation and hierarchy of human visual pathways for simultaneously coding facial identity and expression.
The Angular Gyrus as a Hub for Modulation of Language-related Cortex by Distinct Prefrontal Executive Control Regions.
Brain circuitries of obsessive compulsive disorder: a systematic review and meta-analysis of diffusion tensor imaging studies.
Emotion dysregulation in adults with ADHD: The role of cognitive reappraisal and expressive suppression.
Specific and common functional connectivity deficits in drug-free generalized anxiety disorder and panic disorder: A data-driven analysis.
Reduced white matter connectivity associated with auditory verbal hallucinations in first-episode and chronic schizophrenia: A diffusion tensor imaging study.
Are all behavioral reward benefits created equally? An EEG-fMRI study.
Hippocampal functional connectivity-based discrimination between bipolar and major depressive disorders.
Keeping track of 'alternative facts': The neural correlates of processing misinformation corrections.
A systematic review of the neural correlates of well-being reveals no consistent associations.
A qualitative and quantitative review of diffusion tensor imaging studies in reading and dyslexia.
"White matter abnormalities in major depression: evidence from post-mortem, neuroimaging and genetic studies."
Intrinsic insula network engagement underlying children's reading and arithmetic skills.
Finding the vanished self: Perspective modulates neural substrates of self-reflection in Buddhists.
Brain activation patterns during visuomotor adaptation in motor experts and novices: An FDG PET study with unrestricted movements.
A novel task for examining the neural basis of Theory of Mind deficits in bipolar disorder.
The spontaneous activity and functional network of the occipital cortex is correlated with state anxiety in healthy adults.
A three-dimensional digital segmented and deformable brain atlas of the domestic pig.
Age-related changes in attention control and their relationship with gait performance in older adults with high risk of falls.
Towards response success prediction: An integrative approach using high-resolution fMRI and autonomic indices.
Mapping caudal inferior parietal cortex supports the hypothesis about a modulating cortical area.
Altered functional coupling between the cerebellum and cerebrum in patients with amnestic mild cognitive impairment.
Spatiotopic updating across saccades revealed by spatially-specific fMRI adaptation.
Coherence and congruency mediate medial temporal and medial prefrontal activity during event construction.
Arterial spin labeling perfusion MRI signal denoising using robust principal component analysis.
Multiple markers contribute to risk of progression from normal to mild cognitive impairment.
Reward-related decision-making in schizophrenia: A multimodal neuroimaging study.
The functional relevance of dorsal motor systems for processing tool nouns- evidence from patients with focal lesions.
Neural Correlates of Temporal Presentness in the Precuneus: A Cross-linguistic fMRI Study based on Speech Stimuli.
Effect of temporal lobe structure volume on memory in elderly depressed patients.
Large-scale network abnormality in bipolar disorder: A multimodal meta-analysis of resting-state functional and structural magnetic resonance imaging studies.
The role of white matter abnormality in the left anterior corona radiata: In relation to formal thought disorder in patients with schizophrenia.
Beneficial effects of autologous mesenchymal stem cell transplantation in active progressive multiple sclerosis.
Neural mechanisms underlying valence inferences to sound: The role of the right angular gyrus.
Age-related differences in the neural correlates of vivid remembering.
Visuo-motor transformations in the intraparietal sulcus mediate the acquisition of endovascular medical skill.
Increased thalamic volume and decreased thalamo-precuneus functional connectivity are associated with smoking relapse.
Insulin-like growth factor in Parkinson's disease is related to nonmotor symptoms and the volume of specific brain areas.
"Altered Neurobiological Processing of Unintentional Social Norm Violations: A Multiplex, Multigenerational Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study on Social Anxiety Endophenotypes."
Structural and functional alterations in untreated patients with major depressive disorder and bipolar disorder experiencing first depressive episode: A magnetic resonance imaging study combined with follow-up.
Transient and Sustained Control Mechanisms Supporting Novel Instructed Behavior.
Concentrative (Sahaj Samadhi) meditation training and visual awareness: An fMRI study on color afterimages.
A review on automatic fetal and neonatal brain MRI segmentation.
Abnormal spontaneous neural activity in the medial prefrontal cortex and right superior temporal gyrus correlates with anhedonia severity in obsessive-compulsive disorder.
The regional homogeneity patterns of the dorsal medial prefrontal cortex predict individual differences in decision impulsivity.
Abnormal spontaneous neural activity as a potential predictor of early treatment response in patients with obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Cerebral blood flow features in chronic subcortical stroke: Lesion location-dependent study.
A systematic review of diffusion weighted MRI studies of white matter microstructure in adolescent substance users.
"Amygdala hyperreactivity to faces conditioned with a social-evaluative meaning- a multiplex, multigenerational fMRI study on social anxiety endophenotypes."
Abnormal amygdala functional connectivity in MDD patients with insomnia complaints.
Common brain networks underlying human social interactions: Evidence from large-scale neuroimaging meta-analysis.
Neural correlates of online cooperation during joint force production.
Stress reduces both model-based and model-free neural computations during flexible learning.
The spontaneous brain activity of disgust: Perspective from resting state fMRI and resting state EEG.
Brain connectivity modulation by Bayesian surprise in relation to control demand drives cognitive flexibility via control engagement.
White matter and schizophrenia: A meta-analysis of voxel-based morphometry and diffusion tensor imaging studies.
Predicting domain-specific actions in expert table tennis players activates the semantic brain network.
Localizing the human brain response to olfactory stimulation: A meta-analytic approach.
[EEG and ischemic stroke in full-term newborns].
Ketamine increases fronto-posterior functional connectivity during meta-perceptual confidence ratings.
Assessing brain activity in male heroin-dependent individuals under methadone maintenance treatment: A resting-state fMRI study.
Baló's concentric sclerosis - A rare entity within the spectrum of demyelinating diseases.
Multi-branch convolutional neural network for multiple sclerosis lesion segmentation.
Friends and foes: Neural correlates of prosocial decisions with peers in adolescence.
Altered working memory-related brain activity in children at familial high risk for psychosis: A preliminary study.
Dissecting structural connectivity of the left and right inferior frontal cortex in children who stutter.
Left Inferior Frontal Gyrus Integrates Multisensory Information in Category Learning.
Resting-state functional magnetic resonance study of primary open-angle glaucoma based on voxelwise brain network degree centrality.
Human brain responses to gustatory and food stimuli: A meta-evaluation of neuroimaging meta-analyses.
Relationship between behavioral inhibition and approach motivation systems (BIS/BAS) and intrinsic brain network connectivity in adult cannabis users.
The selfless mind: How prefrontal involvement in mentalizing with similar and dissimilar others shapes empathy and prosocial behavior.
Imaging the spin: Disentangling the core processes underlying mental rotation by network mapping of data from meta-analysis.
Differential impact of reward and punishment on functional connectivity after skill learning.
A ventral striatal prediction error signal in human fear extinction learning.
Brain functional and effective connectivity underlying the information processing speed assessed by the Symbol Digit Modalities Test.
Dissociable neural correlates of spatial attention and response inhibition in spatially driven interference.
The use of diffusional kurtosis imaging and neurite orientation dispersion and density imaging of the brain in bipolar disorder.
Young children in different linguistic environments: A multimodal neuroimaging study of the inferior frontal gyrus.
Real-world expectations and their affective value modulate object processing.
Context-dependent modulation of cognitive control involves different temporal profiles of fronto-parietal activity.
Locus coeruleus integrity correlates with inhibitory functions of the fronto-subthalamic 'hyperdirect' pathway in Parkinson's disease.
Lower affective empathy in oral contraceptive users: a cross-sectional fMRI study.
Cortical and subcortical gray matter shrinkage in alcohol-use disorders: a voxel-based meta-analysis.
Neural correlates of neuroticism: A coordinate-based meta-analysis of resting-state functional brain imaging studies.
Boosting the Theory of Mind Network: Specific Psychotherapy Increases Neural Correlates of Affective Theory of Mind in Euthymic Bipolar Disorder.
Estimating repetitive spatiotemporal patterns from many subjects' resting-state fMRIs.
Electroconvulsive therapy changes temporal dynamics of intrinsic brain activity in depressed patients.
Disruption of white matter integrity marks poor antidepressant response in bipolar disorder.
Age effects on the neural processing of object-context associations in briefly flashed natural scenes.
A retrospective evaluation of thalamic targeting for tremor deep brain stimulation using high-resolution anatomical imaging with supplementary fiber tractography.
State-independent and -dependent structural alterations in limbic-cortical regions in patients with current and remitted depression.
Altered functional connectivity and low-frequency signal fluctuations in early psychosis and genetic high risk.
"Linguistic networks associated with lexical, semantic and syntactic predictability in reading: A fixation-related fMRI study."
Characterizing the neural coding of symbolic quantities.
Parcellation of the human amygdala using recurrence quantification analysis.
Interindividual differences in interoception modulate behavior and brain responses in emotional inference.
fMRI and acoustic analyses reveal neural correlates of gestural complexity and articulatory effort within bilateral inferior frontal gyrus during speech production.
Functional connectivity of specific brain networks related to social and communication dysfunction in adolescents with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder.
Task-modulated Sensitivity to Vocal Pitch in the Dorsal Premotor Cortex during Multitalker Speech Recognition.
Disordered network structure and function in dystonia: pathological connectivity vs. adaptive responses.
The use of electronic coil location control for focal magnetic stimulation at the cervical level.
Brain Functional Networks Involved in Different Premise Order in Conditional Reasoning: A Dynamic Causal Model Study.
The neural basis of nonword repetition in children with developmental speech or language disorder: An fMRI study.
Behavioral changes in early ALS correlate with voxel-based morphometry and diffusion tensor imaging.
The role of right temporo-parietal junction in stimulus evaluation.
Regional changes in type 1 cannabinoid receptor availability in Parkinson's disease in vivo.
BrainNetCNN: Convolutional neural networks for brain networks; towards predicting neurodevelopment.
Ventral striatal activation during reward differs between major depression with and without impaired mood reactivity.
Gamma ventral capsulotomy for treatment of resistant obsessive-compulsive disorder: a structural MRI pilot prospective study.
Abnormal spontaneous brain activity is associated with impaired emotion and cognition in hyperthyroidism: A rs-fMRI study.
Are there progressive brain changes in schizophrenia? A meta-analysis of structural magnetic resonance imaging studies.
Cerebral amyloid accumulation is associated with distinct structural and functional alterations in the brain of depressed elders with mild cognitive impairment.
Brain structural changes in blindness: a systematic review and an anatomical likelihood estimation (ALE) meta-analysis.
Cortical thinning is associated with brain pulsatility in older adults: An MRI and NIRS study.
Mesoscopic in vivo human T dataset acquired using quantitative MRI at 7 Tesla.
Different functional alteration in attention‐deficit/hyperactivity disorder across developmental age groups: A meta‐analysis and an independent validation of resting‐state functional connectivity studies
Increased cognitive control and reduced emotional interference is associated with reduced PTSD symptom severity in a trauma-exposed sample: A preliminary longitudinal study.
"Reduced regional activity and functional connectivity within
sensorimotor network in Parkinson’s patients with restless legs
syndrome"
Alcoholism gender differences in brain responsivity to emotional stimuli
Reduced Inter-Voxel White Matter Integrity in Subjective Cognitive Decline: Diffusion Tensor Imaging With Tract-Based Spatial Statistics Analysis
Altered Brain Functional Connectivity Density in Fast-Ball Sports Athletes With Early Stage of Motor Training
Functional Topography of Human Corpus Callosum: An fMRI Mapping Study
A transition from unimodal to multimodal activations in four sensory modalities in humans: an electrophysiological study
Functional Connectivity Between Anterior Insula and Key Nodes of Frontoparietal Executive Control and Salience Networks Distinguish Bipolar Depression From Unipolar Depression and Healthy Control Subjects.
Hippotherapy and neurofeedback training effect on the brain function and serum brain-derived neurotrophic factor level changes in children with attention-deficit or/and hyperactivity disorder
Effects of a mindfulness based behavioral intervention for young adults with childhood maltreatment history on hippocampal morphometry: a pilot MRI study with voxel-based morphometry.
Amygdalar reactivity is associated with prefrontal cortical thickness in a large population-based sample of adolescents
More Automation and Less Cognitive Control of Imagined Walking Movements in High- Versus Low-Fit Older Adults
Altered intrinsic brain activity and regional cerebral blood flow in patients with chronic neck and shoulder pain
Aberrant neural networks for the recognition memory of socially relevant information in patients with schizophrenia
Abnormal alterations of regional spontaneous neuronal activity and functional connectivity in insomnia patients with difficulty falling asleep: a resting-state fMRI study
"PICALM rs3851179 Variants Modulate Left Postcentral Cortex Thickness, CSF Amyloid β42, and Phosphorylated Tau in the Elderly"
Radiomics: a novel feature extraction method for brain neuron degeneration disease using 18F-FDG PET imaging and its implementation for Alzheimer’s disease and mild cognitive impairment
Neuro-cognitive foundations of word stress processing - evidence from fMRI
Brain connectivity patterns associated with individual differences in the access to experience-near personal semantics: a resting-state fMRI study
Regional Homogeneity Predicts Creative Insight: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Differential associations of metabolic risk factors on cortical thickness in metabolic syndrome
Role of Perceived Competence and Task Interest in Learning From Negative Feedback
Dysfunction of the Default Mode Network in Drug-Naïve Parkinson’s Disease with Mild Cognitive Impairments: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Cerebellar and Visual Gray Matter Brain Volume Increases in Congenital Nystagmus
Altered functional connectivity strength in chronic insomnia associated with gut microbiota composition and sleep efficiency
A dual-fMRI investigation of the iterated Ultimatum Game reveals that reciprocal behaviour is associated with neural alignment
Regional homogeneity of intrinsic brain activity related to the main alexithymia dimensions
Intrinsic network changes associated with cognitive impairment in patients with hearing loss and tinnitus: a resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Decreased nocturnal heart rate variability and potentially related brain regions in arteriosclerotic cerebral small vessel disease
Neural activity during solo and choral reading: A functional magnetic resonance imaging study of overt continuous speech production in adults who stutter
Is it the picture or is it the frame? An fMRI study on the neurobiology of framing effects
Neocortical atrophy in Machado-Joseph disease: a longitudinal neuroimaging study.
Grey and white matter volumes either in treatment-naïve or hormone-treated transgender women: a voxel-based morphometry study
The influence of transcranial alternating current stimulation (tACS) on fluid intelligence: An fMRI study
Distinct brain areas process novel and repeating tone sequences.
Perceiving social injustice during arrests of Black and White civilians by White police officers: An fMRI investigation.
"Ultra-fast speech comprehension in blind subjects engages primary visual cortex, fusiform gyrus, and pulvinar – a functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) study"
Hemispheric divergence of interoceptive processing across psychiatric disorders
Structural MRI correlates of PASAT performance in multiple sclerosis
Visual similarity and psychological closeness are neurally dissociable in the brain response to vicarious pain.
Stable Scalp EEG Spatiospectral Patterns Across Paradigms Estimated by Group ICA.
A PET imaging study of the brain changes of glucose metabolism in patients with temporal lobe epilepsy and depressive disorder
Brain Activation During Visually Guided Finger Movements
Effects of primatological training on anthropomorphic valuations of emotions
Clinical Effects and Differences in Neural Function Connectivity Revealed by MRI in Subacute Hemispheric and Brainstem Infarction Patients With Dysphagia After Swallowing Therapy
A functional genetic variation of SLC6A2 repressor hsa-miR-579-3p upregulates sympathetic noradrenergic processes of fear and anxiety
Transcranial magnetic stimulation and magnetic resonance spectroscopy: Opportunities for a bimodal approach in human neuroscience.
Prior Consumption of a Fat Meal in Healthy Adults Modulates the Brain’s Response to Fat123
Duloxetine effects on striatal resting-state functional connectivity in patients with major depressive disorder.
"A randomized, controlled trial of alpha-rhythm EEG neurofeedback in posttraumatic stress disorder: A preliminary investigation showing evidence of decreased PTSD symptoms and restored default mode and salience network connectivity using fMRI"
"Deep neural networks reveal topic-level representations of sentences in medial prefrontal cortex, lateral anterior temporal lobe, precuneus, and angular gyrus"
Brain-aging related protein expression and imaging characteristics of mice exposed to chronic hypoxia at high altitude
Differences in functional brain organization during gesture recognition between autistic and neurotypical individuals
Resting state functional connectivity of networks associated with reward and habit in anorexia nervosa.
MRI brain structural and functional networks changes in Parkinson disease with REM sleep behavior disorders
Individual face- and house-related eye movement patterns distinctively activate FFA and PPA
Neural Mechanisms of Anaphoric Reference Revealed by fMRI
Music literacy improves reading skills via bilateral orthographic development
Task-induced subjective fatigue and resting-state striatal connectivity following traumatic brain injury
Aging of the brain in bipolar disorder: Illness- and onset-related effects in cortical thickness and subcortical gray matter volume.
Dissociable relations between amygdala subregional networks and psychopathy trait dimensions in conduct‐disordered juvenile offenders
Novel Approach to Elucidate Human Baroreflex Regulation at the Brainstem Level: Pharmacological Testing During fMRI
Network changes in patients with phobic postural vertigo
Dopamine differentially modulates medial temporal lobe activity and behavior during spatial navigation in young and older adults.
Compressed cerebellar functional connectome hierarchy in spinocerebellar ataxia type 3
Inter-subject correlation during long narratives reveals widespread neural correlates of reading ability.
An fMRI investigation of the impact of withdrawal on regional brain activity during nicotine anticipation.
Dissociable Auditory Cortico-Cerebellar Pathways in the Human Brain Estimated by Intrinsic Functional Connectivity.
Combined DTI Tractography and Functional MRI Study of the Language Connectome in Healthy Volunteers: Extensive Mapping of White Matter Fascicles and Cortical Activations
Brain abnormalities in survivors of COVID-19 after 2-year recovery: a functional MRI study
Shared Neural Mechanisms for the Prediction of Own and Partner Musical Sequences after Short-term Piano Duet Training
Neural Basis of Working Memory Enhancement after Acute Aerobic Exercise: fMRI Study of Preadolescent Children
Frontal lobe changes occur early in the course of affective disorders in young people
The interaction between first-episode drug-naïve schizophrenia and age based on gray matter volume and its molecular analysis: a multimodal magnetic resonance imaging study.
Blunted prefrontal signature of proactive inhibitory control in cocaine use disorder.
Visual Explanation for Identification of the Brain Bases for Developmental Dyslexia on fMRI Data
Neural circuitry underlying perception of duration depends on language experience.
Algebra dissociates from arithmetic in the brain semantic network
Neural correlates of thought suppression.
Long‐term white matter tract reorganization following prolonged febrile seizures
Decreased grey matter volume in mTBI patients with post-traumatic headache compared to headache-free mTBI patients and healthy controls: a longitudinal MRI study.
Resting State Functional Connectivity of the Lateral and Medial Hypothalamus in Cocaine Dependence: An Exploratory Study
Context matters: Neural processing of food-flavored e-cigarettes and the influence of smoking.
Optic-flow selective cortical sensory regions associated with self-reported states of vection
Fractional amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations associated with μ-opioid and dopamine receptor distributions in the central nervous system after high-intensity exercise bouts
Novelty seeking is related to individual risk preference and brain activation associated with risk prediction during decision making
Cortical Morphometry in the Psychosis Risk Period: A Comprehensive Perspective of Surface Features.
Emotion modulation of the body-selective areas in the developing brain
Intermittent Theta-Burst Stimulation Over the Suprahyoid Muscles Motor Cortex Facilitates Increased Degree Centrality in Healthy Subjects
Cerebellum volume in high-risk offspring from multiplex alcohol dependence families: association with allelic variation in GABRA2 and BDNF.
Olfactory fMRI in Patients with Parkinson's Disease
Dysregulated anterior insula reactivity as robust functional biomarker for chronic pain—Meta‐analytic evidence from neuroimaging studies
Are women better mindreaders? Sex differences in neural correlates of mentalizing detected with functional MRI
Social closeness modulates brain dynamics during trust anticipation
Individual differences in valence bias: fMRI evidence of the initial negativity hypothesis
"Effects of repeated transcranial direct current stimulation on smoking, craving and brain reactivity to smoking cues"
Brain-behavior relationships in incidental learning of non-native phonetic categories.
Positive Interaction of Social Comparison and Personal Responsibility for Outcomes
Brain structure changes associated with sexual orientation
Neurocognitive Adaptations for Spatial Orientation and Navigation in Astronauts
Resting-State Functional Connectivity Differences in College Students with and without Food Insecurity
Dorsolateral prefrontal cortex hyperactivity during inhibitory control in children with ADHD in the antisaccade task.
Frequency-Dependent Alterations in the Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuations in Patients with Acute Pericoronitis: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Regionally accentuated reversible brain grey matter reduction in ultra marathon runners detected by voxel-based morphometry
Identifying the neural correlates of anticipatory postural control: A novel fMRI paradigm
"Listen, Learn, Like! Dorsolateral Prefrontal Cortex Involved in the Mere Exposure Effect in Music"
Visual experience modulates whole‐brain connectivity dynamics: A resting‐state fMRI study using the model of radiologists
From a deep learning model back to the brain—Identifying regional predictors and their relation to aging
Fractional anisotropy and peripheral cytokine concentrations in outpatients with depressive episode: a diffusion tensor imaging observational study
Close yet independent: Dissociation of social from valence and abstract semantic dimensions in the left anterior temporal lobe.
Chronic cigarette smoking is linked with structural alterations in brain regions showing acute nicotinic drug-induced functional modulations
Neural substrates of continuous and discrete inhibitory control
The neural correlates of social attention: automatic orienting to social and nonsocial cues
Organization of sensorimotor activity in anterior cruciate ligament reconstructed individuals: an fMRI conjunction analysis
The role of stimulus-based cues and conceptual information in processing facial expressions of emotion.
Altered functional connectivity in patients with post-stroke fatigue: A resting-state fMRI study.
Interhemispheric disconnectivity in the sensorimotor network in bipolar disorder revealed by functional connectivity and diffusion tensor imaging analysis
Think Hard or Think Smart: Network Reconfigurations After Divergent Thinking Associate With Creativity Performance
In vivo imaging of tau deposition in Alzheimer’s disease using both [18F]-THK5317 and [18F]-S16: A pilot human study
Alcohol effects on globus pallidus connectivity: Role of impulsivity and binge drinking
Treatment of auditory verbal hallucinations with atypical antipsychotics in healthy individuals: an artificially controlled post-treatment report
Hippocampal activation correlates with visual confrontation naming: fMRI findings in controls and patients with temporal lobe epilepsy
Testing for a Cultural Influence on Reading for Meaning in the Developing Brain: The Neural Basis of Semantic Processing in Chinese Children
Gray matter abnormalities follow non-random patterns of co-alteration in autism: Meta-connectomic evidence
Exposure to hate speech deteriorates neurocognitive mechanisms of the ability to understand others’ pain
Hypothalamus and amygdala functional connectivity at rest in narcolepsy type 1
Behavioral and Neural Fusion of Expectation with Sensation.
Empathy for pain motivates actions without altruistic effects: evidence of motor dynamics and brain activity
Grey Matter Volume in the Cerebellum is Related to the Processing of Grammatical Rules in a Second Language: A Structural Voxel-based Morphometry Study
Pattern of Regional Cortical Thinning Associated with Cognitive Deterioration in Parkinson’s Disease
An attentional and working memory theory of hallucination vulnerability in frontotemporal dementia
Changes in cortical activity associated with adaptive behavior during repeated balance perturbation of unpredictable timing
Altered inter‐ and intrahemispheric functional connectivity dynamics in autistic children
"Multimodal Brain Changes in First-Episode Mania: A Voxel-Based Morphometry, Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging, and Connectivity Study."
Task Control Signals in Pediatric Tourette Syndrome Show Evidence of Immature and Anomalous Functional Activity
Nonlinear brain correlates of trait self-boundarylessness
Longitudinal Changes in Whole-Brain Functional Connectivity Strength Patterns and the Relationship With the Global Cognitive Decline in Older Adults
Respect and admiration differentially activate the anterior temporal lobe.
Representing Multiple Observed Actions in the Motor System.
Gender differences in brain structure and resting-state functional connectivity related to narcissistic personality
Functional connectivity between posterior hippocampus and retrosplenial complex predicts individual differences in navigational ability.
Neural Correlates of Inter-Trial Priming and Role-Reversal in Visual Search
White matter microstructure contributes to age-related declines in task-induced deactivation of the default mode network
DTI and VBM reveal white matter changes without associated gray matter changes in patients with idiopathic restless legs syndrome
Aberrant cortical surface and cognition function in drug-naive first-episode schizophrenia
Reduced suicidality after electroconvulsive therapy is linked to increased frontal brain activity in depressed patients: a resting-state fMRI study
Meta-analytic connectivity modelling of deception-related brain regions
Resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging of high altitude patients with obstructive sleep apnoea hypopnoea syndrome
Interferon-alpha-Induced Changes in NODDI Predispose to the Development of Fatigue
Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuations and Resting-State Functional Connectivity in Trait Positive Empathy: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Dissociable neural correlates of trait and ability emotional intelligence: a resting-state fMRI study.
Reduced neural responses to pleasant odor stimuli after acute psychological stress is associated with cortisol reactivity.
Aberrant salience network and its functional coupling with default and executive networks in minimal hepatic encephalopathy: a resting-state fMRI study
Structural whole-brain covariance of the anterior and posterior hippocampus: Associations with age and memory.
Differential networks for processing structural dependencies in human language: linguistic capacity vs. memory-based ordering
Cerebellar Functional Dysconnectivity in Drug-Naïve Patients With First-Episode Schizophrenia.
Mechanical analyses of critical surgical maneuvers in the correction of cleft lip nasal deformity
Longitudinal change in executive function is associated with impaired top-down frontolimbic regulation during reappraisal in older adults
Empathizing associates with mean diffusivity
Neural Correlates of Opposing Effects of Emotional Distraction on Perception and Episodic Memory: An Event-Related fMRI Investigation
Disruption of Multiple Distinctive Neural Networks Associated With Impulse Control Disorder in Parkinson's Disease
The neural interface between negative emotion regulation and motivation for change in cocaine dependent individuals under treatment.
GroupICA dual regression analysis of resting state networks in a behavioral variant of frontotemporal dementia
“Wanting” versus “needing” related value: An fMRI meta‐analysis
Neural response during emotion regulation in monozygotic twins at high familial risk of affective disorders
Altered resting-state neural networks in children and adolescents with functional neurological disorder
Ghrelin is related to lower brain reward activation during touch.
Effect of emotional enhancement of memory on recollection process in young adults: the influence factors and neural mechanisms
Epigenetic Mediation of AKT1 rs1130233’s Effect on Delta-9-Tetrahydrocannabinol-Induced Medial Temporal Function during Fear Processing
Overlapping and distinct representations of advantageous and disadvantageous inequality
Functional Brain Connectivity Patterns Associated with Visual Hallucinations in Dementia with Lewy Bodies
Second-language word recognition in noise: Interdependent neuromodulatory effects of semantic context and crosslinguistic interactions driven by word form similarity.
Decreased Cortical Thickness in the Anterior Cingulate Cortex in Adults with Autism.
Cognitive ability is associated with changes in the functional organization of the cognitive control brain network.
Callosal anisotropy predicts attentional network changes after parietal inhibitory stimulation.
Alterations of the Brain Microstructure and Corresponding Functional Connectivity in Early-Blind Adolescents
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation regulates effective connectivity patterns of brain networks in the spectrum of preclinical Alzheimer’s disease
Potential for social involvement modulates activity within the mirror and the mentalizing systems
Functional patterns of neural activation during vocal emotion recognition in youth with and without refractory epilepsy
Aberrant Structural and Functional Developmental Trajectories in Children With Intellectual Disability
The Insula Is a Hub for Functional Brain Network in Patients With Anti-N-Methyl-D-Aspartate Receptor Encephalitis
Functional co-activation of the default mode network in APOE ε4-carriers: A replication study.
Neuroanatomical Correlates of Developmental Dyscalculia: Combined Evidence from Morphometry and Tractography
Causal dynamics and information flow in parietal-temporal-hippocampal circuits during mental arithmetic revealed by high-temporal resolution human intracranial EEG.
Emotional valence and spatial congruency differentially modulate crossmodal processing: an fMRI study
Neuronal Signatures of Negative and Positive Schemas towards the Self and Others in Patients with Early Stage Schizophrenia
Decreased Empathic Responses to the ‘Lucky Guy’ in Love: The Effect of Intrasexual Competition
Altered Spontaneous Brain Activity in Children with Early Tourette Syndrome: a Resting-state fMRI Study
Orbitofrontal Cortex Volume and Brain Reward Response in Obesity
DRD2 methylation and regional grey matter volumes in young adult offspring from families at ultra-high risk for alcohol dependence.
The mediating role of default mode network during meaning-making aroused by mental simulation between stressful events and stress-related growth: a task fMRI study
Cortical response of the ventral attention network to unattended angry facial expressions: an EEG source analysis study
Preoperative Assessment of Language Dominance through Combined Resting-State and Task-Based Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging
Measurement of Cortical Atrophy and Its Correlation to Memory Impairment in Patients With Asymptomatic Carotid Artery Stenosis Based on VBM-DARTEL
Investigation of altered spontaneous brain activity in patients with bronchial asthma using the percent amplitude of fluctuation method: a resting-state functional MRI study
White and Gray Matter Volume Changes and Correlation with Visual Evoked Potential in Patients with Optic Neuritis: A Voxel-Based Morphometry Study
Resting-State Functional Connectivity and Scholastic Performance in Preadolescent Children: A Data-Driven Multivoxel Pattern Analysis (MVPA)
Neural correlates of the numerical distance effect in children
SF-MVPA: A from raw data to statistical results and surface space-based MVPA toolbox
Altered spontaneous activity in the frontal gyrus in dry eye: a resting-state functional MRI study
The neural underpinnings of cross-cultural differences in creativity.
How context influences the interpretation of facial expressions: a source localization high-density EEG study on the “Kuleshov effect”
Altered Sexual Response-Related Functional Connectivity and Morphometric Changes Influenced by Sex Hormones across Menopausal Status
Real-Time fMRI Neurofeedback in Patients With Tobacco Use Disorder During Smoking Cessation: Functional Differences and Implications of the First Training Session in Regard to Future Abstinence or Relapse
Disruption of regional homogeneity in the brains of chronic methamphetamine users.
Enhanced brain functional connectivity and activation after 12-week Tai Chi-based action observation training in patients with Parkinson’s disease
Brain Activity Changes in Slow 5 and Slow 4 Frequencies in Patients With Optic Neuritis: A Resting State Functional MRI Study
"Relation of FTO to BOLD response to receipt and anticipated receipt of food and monetary reward, food images, and weight gain in healthy weight adolescents"
Reorganization of cerebro-cerebellar circuit in patients with left hemispheric gliomas involving language network: A combined structural and resting-state functional MRI study.
Comparison of brain connectivity between Internet gambling disorder and Internet gaming disorder: A preliminary study
Memory-related hippocampal activity can be measured robustly using FMRI at 7 tesla.
Brain activation for spontaneous and explicit false belief tasks overlaps: new fMRI evidence on belief processing and violation of expectation
Preoptic activation and connectivity during thermal sweating in humans
"The association between white matter hyperintensities, cognition and regional neural activity in healthy subjects."
"Internal capsule, corpus callosum and long associative fibers in good and poor outcome schizophrenia: a diffusion tensor imaging survey."
Postchemotherapy hippocampal functional connectivity patterns in patients with breast cancer: a longitudinal resting state functional MR imaging study.
Potential Locations for Noninvasive Brain Stimulation in Treating Autism Spectrum Disorders—A Functional Connectivity Study
Brain Activation during Perception and Anticipation of Dyspnea in Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease
Cortical Plasticity After Surgical Tendon Transfer in Tetraplegics
Effects of home-based telerehabilitation on dynamic alterations in regional intrinsic neural activity and degree centrality in stroke patients
The impact of self-distancing on emotion explosiveness and accumulation: An fMRI study
Local Neuronal Synchronization in Frequent Nightmare Recallers and Healthy Controls: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Reading and spelling skills are differentially related to phonological processing: Behavioral and fMRI study
Hallucination- and speech-specific hypercoupling in frontotemporal auditory and language networks in schizophrenia using combined task-based fMRI data: An fBIRN study.
Violence: heightened brain attentional network response is selectively muted in Down syndrome
Disrupted Asymmetry of Inter- and Intra-Hemispheric Functional Connectivity at Rest in Medication-Free Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder
Altered trends of local brain function in classical trigeminal neuralgia patients after a single trigger pain
Quantifying axonal responses in patient-specific models of subthalamic deep brain stimulation.
Personal familiarity of music and its cerebral effect on subsequent speech processing
Gray-Matter Expansion of Social Brain Networks in Individuals High in Public Self-Consciousness
White Matter Hyperintensity Load Modulates Brain Morphometry and Brain Connectivity in Healthy Adults: A Neuroplastic Mechanism?
Arithmetic learning in advanced age
Sex-Specific Brain Activations during Single-Leg Exercise
Social interaction recruits mentalizing and reward systems in middle childhood.
"High-field magnetic resonance imaging of structural alterations in first-episode, drug-naive patients with major depressive disorder"
Structural Hippocampal Anomalies in a Schizophrenia Population Correlate with Navigation Performance on a Wayfinding Task
Diagnosis of Amnesic Mild Cognitive Impairment Using MGS-WBC and VGBN-LM Algorithms
A Peak-Clustering Method for MEG Group Analysis to Minimise Artefacts Due to Smoothness
Regional homogeneity and functional connectivity of freezing of gait conversion in Parkinson’s disease
Relationship between carotid intima‐media thickness (cIMT) and dual‐system imbalance in tobacco dependence: An rs‐fMRI research
What Makes Eye Contact Special? Neural Substrates of On-Line Mutual Eye-Gaze: A Hyperscanning fMRI Study
Highly superior autobiographical memory in aging: A single case study.
Brain voxel-based morphometry correlates of emotion dysregulation in attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder.
Parallelism in the brain's visual form system
Modulation of Intrinsic Brain Connectivity by Implicit Electroencephalographic Neurofeedback
"Negative content enhances stimulus‐specific cerebral activity during free viewing of pictures, faces, and words"
The emotional face of anorexia nervosa: The neural correlates of emotional processing
Oscillatory Cortical Network Involved in Auditory Verbal Hallucinations in Schizophrenia
The intensity and connectivity of spontaneous brain activity in a language network relate to aging and language.
Narrative comprehension beyond language: Common brain networks activated by a movie and its script
Right amygdala-right precuneus connectivity is associated with childhood trauma in major depression patients and healthy controls.
Affective network and default mode network in depressive adolescents with disruptive behaviors
Control Engagement During Sentence and Inhibition fMRI Tasks in Children With Reading Difficulties
The left inferior parietal lobe represents stored hand-postures for object use and action prediction
Brain activity mediators of PTSD symptom reduction during real-time fMRI amygdala neurofeedback emotional training
Brain imaging of executive function with the computerised multiple elements test.
Spatial Patterns of Decreased Cerebral Blood Flow and Functional Connectivity in Multiple System Atrophy (Cerebellar-Type): A Combined Arterial Spin Labeling Perfusion and Resting State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Crossmodal semantic congruence can affect visuo-spatial processing and activity of the fronto-parietal attention networks
Neural substrates of cough control during coughing
Abnormal global-brain functional connectivity and its relationship with cognitive deficits in drug-naive first-episode adolescent-onset schizophrenia.
Short communication: mapping of somatosensory cortices with functional magnetic resonance imaging in anaesthetized macaque monkeys.
Altered Temporal Dynamic Intrinsic Brain Activity in Late Blindness
Comparison of Cerebellar Grey Matter Alterations in Bipolar and Cerebellar Patients: Evidence from Voxel-Based Analysis
Brain grey matter volume alterations associated with antidepressant response in major depressive disorder
Longitudinal Task-Related Functional Connectivity Changes Predict Reading Development
Altered functional connectivity in persistent developmental stuttering
The impact of task difficulty on the lateralization of processing in the human auditory cortex
Yoga Prevents Gray Matter Atrophy in Women at Risk for Alzheimer’s Disease: A Randomized Controlled Trial
Longitudinally extensive transverse myelitis immune-mediated in aquaporin-4 antibody negative patients: Disease heterogeneity.
Functional brain changes in sarcopenia: evidence for differential central neural mechanisms in dynapenic older women
"Auditory Spatial Coding Flexibly Recruits Anterior, but Not Posterior, Visuotopic Parietal Cortex"
Detecting and representing predictable structure during auditory scene analysis
Prediction of trust propensity from intrinsic brain morphology and functional connectome
Self-reference Network-Related Interactions During the Process of Cognitive Impairment in the Early Stages of Alzheimer’s Disease
Central correlates of placebo effects in nausea differ between men and women
Hyperconnectivity of the lateral amygdala in long-term methamphetamine abstainers negatively correlated with withdrawal duration
A Pilot Study of Mindfulness-Based Exposure Therapy in OEF/OIF Combat Veterans with PTSD: Altered Medial Frontal Cortex and Amygdala Responses in Social–Emotional Processing
Is There Any Relationship Between Biochemical Indices and Anthropometric Measurements With Dorsolateral Prefrontal Cortex Activation Among Older Adults With Mild Cognitive Impairment?
Less is more: Removing a modality of an expected olfactory‐visual stimulation enhances brain activation
Effectiveness and cerebral responses of multi-points acupuncture for primary insomnia: a preliminary randomized clinical trial and fMRI study
Developmental changes in functional brain networks from birth through adolescence.
In-vivo analysis of the human planum temporale (PT): does the definition of PT borders influence the results with regard to cerebral asymmetry and correlation with handedness?
Functional MRI study of feedback-based reinforcement learning in depression
Aberrant Cerebral Activity in Early Postmenopausal Women: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Apolipoprotein ε4 modifies obesity-related atrophy in the hippocampal formation of cognitively healthy adults.
Sexual Regional Dimorphism of Post-Adolescent and Middle Age Brain Maturation. A Multi-center 3T MRI Study
Genetic variants affecting the neural processing of human facial expressions: evidence using a genome-wide functional imaging approach
Altered Coupling Between Resting-State Cerebral Blood Flow and Functional Connectivity Strength in Cervical Spondylotic Myelopathy Patients
Gray Matter Volume and Functional Connectivity in Hypochondriasis: A Magnetic Resonance Imaging and Support Vector Machine Analysis
Increased anger and stress and heightened connectivity between IFG and vmPFC in victims during social interaction
Structural Covariance Analysis Reveals Differences Between Dancers and Untrained Controls
Does Cardiorespiratory Fitness Influence the Effect of Acute Aerobic Exercise on Executive Function?
Changes of Brain Functional Connectivity in End-Stage Renal Disease Patients Receiving Peritoneal Dialysis Without Cognitive Decline
A Role for the Anterior Hippocampus in Autobiographical Memory Construction Regardless of Temporal Distance.
Widespread and lateralized social brain activity for processing dynamic facial expressions.
Altered static and dynamic intrinsic brain activity in unilateral sudden sensorineural hearing loss
Greater involvement of action simulation mechanisms in emotional vs cognitive empathy
Reading and Calculation Neural Systems and Their Weighted Adaptive Use for Programming Skills
Neural basis of hierarchical visual form processing of Japanese Kanji characters
Altered static and dynamic functional network connectivity related to cognitive decline in individuals with white matter hyperintensities.
Integration of simultaneous fMRI and EEG source localization in emotional decision problems.
Altered intrinsic brain activity associated with outcome in frontal lobe epilepsy
The developmental neural substrates of item and serial order components of verbal working memory.
Brain activation and defensive response mobilization during sustained exposure to phobia-related and other affective pictures in spider phobia.
Social relationship-dependent neural response to speech in dogs.
Involvement of the dorsal and ventral attention networks in visual attention span
Regional Cerebral Cortical Atrophy is Related to Urinary Tract Symptoms in Parkinson's Disease.
Recruitment of cognitive control regions during effortful self-control is associated with altered brain activity in control and reward systems in dieters during subsequent exposure to food commercials
Dishabituation of the BOLD response to speech sounds
Impaired Non-Selective Response Inhibition in Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder
Altered heartbeat perception sensitivity associated with brain structural alterations in generalised anxiety disorder
Clear signals or mixed messages: inter-individual emotion congruency modulates brain activity underlying affective body perception.
Does powder averaging remove dispersion bias in diffusion MRI diameter estimates within real 3D axonal architectures?
Neural correlates of creative insight: Amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation of resting-state brain activity predicts creative insight
Interaction of Gut Microbiota and Brain Function in Patients With Chronic Insomnia: A Regional Homogeneity Study
Sex Differences and Commonalities in the Impact of a Palatable Meal on Thalamic and Insular Connectivity
Commonalities and differences in ECT-induced gray matter volume change between depression and schizophrenia
The effects of age on neural correlates of recognition memory: An fMRI study.
Oxytocin normalizes the implicit processing of fearful faces in psychopathy: a randomized crossover study using fMRI
Loss of Sustained Activity in the Ventromedial Prefrontal Cortex in Response to Repeated Stress in Individuals with Early-Life Emotional Abuse: Implications for Depression Vulnerability
Neural specialization of phonological and semantic processing in young children.
Single-Trial EEG-fMRI Reveals the Generation Process of the Mismatch Negativity
Evidence for vibration coding of sliding tactile textures in auditory cortex
Connectomic disturbances in Duchenne muscular dystrophy with mild cognitive impairment.
Nodes of the default mode network implicated in the quality of empathic responses: A clinical perspective of the empathic response
Identifying functional reorganization of spelling networks: an individual peak probability comparison approach
Longitudinal effects of rTMS on neuroplasticity in chronic treatment-resistant depression
Neuroplasticity in F16 fighter jet pilots
Reward-circuit biomarkers of risk and resilience in adolescent depression.
Neural efficiency and proficiency adaptation of effective connectivity corresponding to early and advanced skill levels in athletes of racket sports
Activation of the left medial temporal gyrus and adjacent brain areas during affective theory of mind processing correlates with trait schizotypy in a nonclinical population
Cross-sectional and Longitudinal Associations of Anxiety and Irritability With Adolescents' Neural Responses to Cognitive Conflict.
Dynamic causal modeling of reorganization of memory and language networks in temporal lobe epilepsy
Identification of Common Thalamocortical Dysconnectivity in Four Major Psychiatric Disorders.
Subcortical Shape Abnormalities in Bulimia Nervosa.
Discrimination exposure impacts unhealthy processing of food cues: crosstalk between the brain and gut
Brain Activation during Memory Retrieval is Associated with Depression Severity in Women.
Attentional reorientation along the meridians of the visual field: Are there different neural mechanisms at play?
Functional imaging of the brainstem during visually-guided motor control reveals visuomotor regions in the pons and midbrain
Altered Functional Network Associated With Cognitive Performance in Early Parkinson Disease Measured by Eigenvector Centrality Mapping
"Brain Development in School-Age and Adolescent Girls: Effects of Turner Syndrome, Estrogen Therapy, and Genomic Imprinting."
Neural Basis of the Emotional Conflict Processing in Major Depression: ERPs and Source Localization Analysis on the N450 and P300 Components
Cortical thickness and volume abnormalities in Internet gaming disorder: Evidence from comparison of recreational Internet game users.
Differential vulnerability of the cerebellum in healthy ageing and Alzheimer’s disease
A resting-state fMRI study of temporal lobe epilepsy using multivariate pattern analysis and Granger causality analysis.
Modulating medial prefrontal cortex activity using real-time fMRI neurofeedback: Effects on reality monitoring performance and associated functional connectivity
"The Neural and Behavioral Correlates of Anomia Recovery following Personalized Observation, Execution, and Mental Imagery Therapy: A Proof of Concept"
Fiber connections between the cerebral cortex and the corpus callosum in Alzheimer's disease: a diffusion tensor imaging and voxel-based morphometry study.
Cytoarchitectonic mapping of the human brain cerebellar nuclei in stereotaxic space and delineation of their co-activation patterns
Dysregulation within the salience network and default mode network in hyperthyroid patients: a follow-up resting-state functional MRI study.
Feeling addressed! The neural processing of social communicative cues in patients with major depression
Hybrid multivariate pattern analysis combined with extreme learning machine for Alzheimer’s dementia diagnosis using multi-measure rs-fMRI spatial patterns
Functional connectivity of PAG with core limbic system and laryngeal cortico-motor structures during human phonation.
Functional connectivity alterations associated with literacy difficulties in early readers.
Anterior cingulate hyperactivations during negative emotion processing among men with schizophrenia and a history of violent behavior
Brain Structural and Functional Substrates of Personal Distress in Empathy
Spontaneous changes in brain network centrality in patients with pathological myopia: A voxel‐wise degree centrality analysis
Functional Connectivity of Reward Processing in the Brain
Intrinsic Brain Abnormalities in Patients with Hepatitis C Virus Infection with Cognitive Impairment: A Preliminary Resting-State fMRI Study
Functional Connectivity Density in the Sensorimotor Area is Associated with Sleep Latency in Patients with Primary Insomnia
Cognitive decline is associated with frequency-specific resting state functional changes in normal aging.
Altered Structural Correlates of Impulsivity in Adolescents with Internet Gaming Disorder
Brain responses to pictures of children in men with pedophilic disorder: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Neural activation to infant cry among Latina and non-Latina White mothers.
Extensive Gray Matter Volume Reduction in Treatment-Resistant Schizophrenia
Neural mechanisms of foreign accent syndrome: Lesion and network analysis
The effect of optimistic expectancies on attention bias: Neural and behavioral correlates
The Graded Change in Connectivity across the Ventromedial Prefrontal Cortex Reveals Distinct Subregions
Abnormal global signal topography of self modulates emotion dysregulation in major depressive disorder
Examining resting-state network connectivity in children exposed to perinatal maternal adversity using anatomically weighted functional connectivity (awFC) analyses; A preliminary report
Separating neural processes using mixed event-related and epoch-based fMRI paradigms.
Segregating domain-general from emotional context-specific inhibitory control systems - ventral striatum and orbitofrontal cortex serve as emotion-cognition integration hubs.
fMRI in Bell's Palsy: Cortical Activation is Associated with Clinical Status in the Acute and Recovery Phases.
Meta-analytical transdiagnostic neural correlates in common pediatric psychiatric disorders
Structural and functional deficits and couplings in the cortico-striato-thalamo-cerebellar circuitry in social anxiety disorder
Cortical structural changes after subcortical stroke: Patterns and correlates
In Vivo Tau Burden Is Associated with Abnormal Brain Functional Connectivity in Alzheimer’s Disease: A 18F-Florzolotau Study
Impaired Inter-Hemispheric Functional Connectivity during Resting State in Female Patients with Migraine
Attentional Networks in Adolescents with High-functioning Autism: An fMRI Investigation
Effects of levodopa therapy on voxel-based degree centrality in Parkinson's disease.
Left lateralized cerebral glucose metabolism declines in amyloid-β positive persons with mild cognitive impairment
Sentence predictability modulates cortical response to phonetic ambiguity.
Abnormal Reginal Homogeneity in Left Anterior Cingulum Cortex and Precentral Gyrus as a Potential Neuroimaging Biomarker for First-Episode Major Depressive Disorder
The effects of aging on material-independent and material-dependent neural correlates of source memory retrieval.
The MAOA Gene Influences the Neural Response to Psychosocial Stress in the Human Brain
Representational demands modulate involvement of perirhinal cortex in face processing.
Grapheme-color synesthetes show peculiarities in their emotional brain: cortical and subcortical evidence from VBM analysis of 3D-T1 and DTI data.
Opposing Changes in the Functional Architecture of Large-Scale Networks in Bipolar Mania and Depression.
"Neural correlates of recalled sadness, joy, and fear states: a source reconstruction EEG study"
Proactive Control: Neural Oscillatory Correlates of Conflict Anticipation and Response Slowing
An fMRI study of finger tapping in children and adults.
Distinct Associations of Cognitive Impairments and Reduced Gray Matter Volumes in Remitted Patients with Schizophrenia and Bipolar Disorder
Reward-driven modulation of spatial attention in the human frontal eye-field.
Mesenchymal stem cell transplantation in multiple sclerosis.
Lack of Evidence That Neural Empathic Responses Are Blunted in Excessive Users of Violent Video Games: An fMRI Study
Altered Regional Cerebral Blood Flow of Right Cerebellum Posterior Lobe in Asthmatic Patients With or Without Depressive Symptoms
Structural and Functional Hippocampal Changes in Subjective Cognitive Decline From the Community
Altered Spontaneous Neural Activity and Functional Connectivity in Parkinson’s Disease With Subthalamic Microlesion
Differences in Brain Functional Networks of Executive Function Between Cantonese-Mandarin Bilinguals and Mandarin Monolinguals
Memory and reward systems coproduce 'nostalgic' experiences in the brain.
Brain activity underlying auditory perceptual learning during short period training: simultaneous fMRI and EEG recording
Temporal voice areas exist in autism spectrum disorder but are dysfunctional for voice identity recognition
The interaction of relational encoding and unitization: Effects on medial temporal lobe processing during retrieval.
Decision-Making Deficits Associated with Amyloidosis in Lewy Body Disorders
When Age Tips the Balance: a Dual Mechanism Affecting Hemispheric Specialization for Language
The Effect of Abnormal Regional Homogeneity and Spontaneous Low-Frequency Brain Activity on Lower Cognitive Ability: A Cross-Sectional Study on Postoperative Children With Tetralogy of Fallot
Accurate corresponding fiber tract segmentation via FiberGeoMap learner with application to autism.
Group-specific regional white matter abnormality revealed in diffusion tensor imaging of medial temporal lobe epilepsy without hippocampal sclerosis.
Trait Mindfulness and Functional Connectivity in Cognitive and Attentional Resting State Networks
Neural correlates of up-regulating positive emotions in fMRI and their link to affect in daily life
Functional connectivity with the anterior and posterior hippocampus during spatial memory.
Functional Connectivity in Tactile Object Discrimination—A Principal Component Analysis of an Event Related fMRI-Study
Choosing Money over Drugs: The Neural Underpinnings of Difficult Choice in Chronic Cocaine Users
Diagnostic Prediction for Social Anxiety Disorder via Multivariate Pattern Analysis of the Regional Homogeneity
Transcranial magnetic stimulation of right inferior parietal cortex causally influences prefrontal activation for visual detection.
Atypical language organization in temporal lobe epilepsy revealed by a passive semantic paradigm
Encoding of menstrual pain experience with theta oscillations in women with primary dysmenorrhea
"White matter integrity, language, and childhood onset schizophrenia."
Resting-state functional changes in the precuneus within first-episode drug-naive patients with MDD
Functional Connectivity between the Cerebellum and Somatosensory Areas Implements the Attenuation of Self-Generated Touch
Hippocampal functional connectivity is related to self-reported cognitive concerns in breast cancer patients undergoing adjuvant therapy
Longitudinal structural cerebral changes related to core CSF biomarkers in preclinical Alzheimer's disease: A study of two independent datasets
Altered Functional Connectivity of Cerebello-Cortical Circuit in Multiple System Atrophy (Cerebellar-Type)
Cortical Contributions to Distinct Symptom Dimensions of Catatonia.
Cortical Hemodynamic Response Associated with Spatial Coding: A Near-Infrared Spectroscopy Study.
Altered Functional Connectivity of the Default Mode Network in Patients With Schizo-obsessive Comorbidity: A Comparison Between Schizophrenia and Obsessive-compulsive Disorder.
The posterior Cerebellum is involved in constructing Social Action Sequences: An fMRI Study
Influence of Motor Deficiency and Spatial Neglect on the Contralesional Posterior Parietal Cortex Functional and Structural Connectivity in Stroke Patients.
Functional Brain Changes During Mindfulness-Based Cognitive Therapy Associated With Tinnitus Severity
Neuroimaging Studies on Disorders of Consciousness: A Meta-Analytic Evaluation
Common and Specific Abnormalities in Cortical Thickness in Patients with Major Depressive and Bipolar Disorders
Shapes of subcortical structures in adolescents with and without familial history of substance use disorder
Method of construction of a MRI-based tabular database of 3D stereotaxic co-ordinates for individual structures in the basal ganglia of Macaca mulatta.
A Short Functional Neuroimaging Assay Using Attachment Scenes to Recruit Neural Correlates of Social Cognition—A Replication Study
Large-scale functional network connectivity mediates the associations between lipids metabolism and cognition in type 2 diabetes
Syntax-Sensitive Regions of the Posterior Inferior Frontal Gyrus and the Posterior Temporal Lobe Are Differentially Recruited by Production and Perception
Cognitive Enhancement Therapy Improves Frontolimbic Regulation of Emotion in Alcohol and/or Cannabis Misusing Schizophrenia: A Preliminary Study
Timing Training in Female Soccer Players: Effects on Skilled Movement Performance and Brain Responses
Comparison of women with high vs. low food addiction tendency: a pilot study with voxel-based morphometry
Abnormal Fractional Amplitude of Low Frequency Fluctuation Changes in Patients With Dry Eye Disease: A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Magnetoencephalographic alpha band connectivity reveals differential default mode network interactions during focused attention and open monitoring meditation
How action selection can be embodied: intracranial gamma band recording shows response competition during the Eriksen flankers test
Anterior Temporal Lobe Morphometry Predicts Categorization Ability
Differential functional dysconnectivity of caudate nucleus subdivisions in Parkinson’s disease
Differential patterns of default mode network activity associated with negative and positive rumination in bipolar disorder.
Phasic and repetitive self-touch differ in hemodynamic response in the prefrontal cortex–An fNIRS study
The effects of stimulating the cerebellum on social sequences: A tDCS-fMRI pilot study
Stress and reward in the maternal brain of mothers with borderline personality disorder: a script-based fMRI study
The interrelationship of body mass index with gray matter volume and resting-state functional connectivity of the hypothalamus
Altered Regional Homogeneity in Patients With Congenital Blindness: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Hippocampal network abnormalities explain amnesia after VGKCC-Ab related autoimmune limbic encephalitis
Side of Limb-Onset Predicts Laterality of Gray Matter Loss in Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
Multi-modal MRI measures reveal sensory abnormalities in major depressive disorder patients: A surface-based study
Exploring the Neural Basis of Avatar Identification in Pathological Internet Gamers and of Self-Reflection in Pathological Social Network Users
Decreased Brain Neurokinin-1 Receptor Availability in Chronic Tennis Elbow
Effect of Integrated Cognitive Therapy on Hippocampal Functional Connectivity Patterns in Stroke Patients with Cognitive Dysfunction: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Altered Brain Structure and Function Correlate with Disease Severity and Pain Catastrophizing in Migraine Patients12
"Effect of Adolescent Bariatric Surgery on the Brain and Cognition: A
Pilot Study"
Sensorimotor Cortical Neuroplasticity in the Early Stage of Bell's Palsy
Altered Functional Connectivity of Insular Subregions in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus
Altered structural and causal connectivity in frontal lobe epilepsy
Classification of multi-site MR images in the presence of heterogeneity using multi-task learning☆
Wired for Her Face? Male Attentional Bias for Female Faces
The effect of conscientiousness on procrastination: The interaction between the self‐control and motivation neural pathways
"Morning blue light treatment improves sleep complaints, symptom severity, and retention of fear extinction memory in post-traumatic stress disorder"
A New Division of Schizophrenia Revealed Expanded Bilateral Brain Structural Abnormalities of the Association Cortices
Different forms of childhood maltreatment have different impacts on the neural systems involved in the representation of reinforcement value
Loss of inhibition in sensorimotor networks in focal hand dystonia
Altered Functional Connectivity of the Nucleus Accumbens and Amygdala in Cyber Addiction: A Resting State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
"Neurocognitive processing of infant stimuli in mothers and non-mothers: psychophysiological, cognitive and neuroimaging evidence"
A Conscious Resting State fMRI Study in SLE Patients Without Major Neuropsychiatric Manifestations
Nonlinear neuroplasticity corresponding to sports experience: A voxel-based morphometry and resting-state functional connectivity study.
Functional neural networks stratify Parkinson's disease patients across the spectrum of cognitive impairment
Incidental or Intentional? Different Brain Responses to One's Own Action Sounds in Hurdling vs. Tap Dancing
Understanding the cognitive and neuroimaging bases underlying the detrimental impact of sleep deprivation on reciprocity
Binge drinking is associated with altered resting state functional connectivity of reward-salience and top down control networks.
Observation of Simple Intransitive Actions: The Effect of Familiarity
Cortical Morphology in Cannabis Use Disorder: Implications for Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation Treatment
"A multilevel examination of lifetime aggression: integrating cortical thickness, personality pathology and trauma exposure"
Habenula Connectivity and Intravenous Ketamine in Treatment-Resistant Depression
Social Anxiety Modulates Risk Sensitivity through Activity in the Anterior Insula
Benefit from retrieval practice is linked to temporal and frontal activity in healthy young and older humans
Functional connectivity characteristics of the brain network involved in prickle perception of single fiber stimulation
Neuroimaging and behavioral evidence that violent video games exert no negative effect on human empathy for pain and emotional reactivity to violence
Altered White Matter Integrity in the Congenital and Late Blind People
Theory of Mind and Its Elusive Structural Substrate
Neural correlates of the addictions neuroclinical assessment (ANA) incentive salience factor among individuals with alcohol use disorder.
Circadian Variation of Migraine Attack Onset Affects fMRI Brain Response to Fearful Faces
Top-Down Activation of Spatiotopic Sensory Codes in Perceptual and Working Memory Search.
OPRM1 A118G polymorphism modulating motor pathway for pain adaptability in women with primary dysmenorrhea
Functional and Structural Brain Alterations in Encephalitis With LGI1 Antibodies
Altered Intrinsic Coupling between Functional Connectivity Density and Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuation in Mild Cognitive Impairment with Depressive Symptoms
Functional brain alterations in auditory hallucination subtypes in individuals with auditory hallucinations without the diagnosis of specific neurological diseases and mental disorders at the current stage
Effects of DISC1 Polymorphisms on Resting-State Spontaneous Neuronal Activity in the Early-Stage of Schizophrenia
Linking person perception and person knowledge in the human brain
EEG-fMRI Signal Coupling Is Modulated in Subjects With Mild Cognitive Impairment and Amyloid Deposition
Critical brain regions related to post-stroke aphasia severity identified by early diffusion imaging are not the same when predicting short- and long-term outcome.
Motivation but not valence modulates neuroticism-dependent cingulate cortex and insula activity.
Neural Correlates of Oral Stereognosis—An fMRI Study
"Managing Cancer and Living Meaningfully (CALM) alleviates chemotherapy related cognitive impairment (CRCI) in breast cancer survivors: A pilot study based on resting‐state fMRI
"
View Normalization of Object Size in the Right Parietal Cortex
Neural basis for anxiety and anxiety-related physiological responses during a driving situation: an fMRI study
Reduced Brainstem Volume After Mild Traumatic Brain Injury
Modafinil treatment modulates functional connectivity in stroke survivors with severe fatigue
Adaptive changes in sensorimotor processing in patients with acute low back pain
Altered Amygdala Resting-State Functional Connectivity and Hemispheric Asymmetry in Patients With Social Anxiety Disorder
Cortical connectivity of cholinergic basal forebrain in Parkinson’s disease with mild cognitive impairment
Functional brain networks involved in gaze and emotional processing.
"Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation over the orbitofrontal cortex for obsessive-compulsive disorder: a double-blind, crossover study"
Maladaptive Plasticity in Aphasia: Brain Activation Maps Underlying Verb Retrieval Errors
"Priming, response learning and repetition suppression"
Neural network connectivity in ADHD children: an independent component and functional connectivity analysis of resting state fMRI data.
Brain functional changes in patients with botulism after illegal cosmetic injections of botulinum toxin: A resting-state fMRI study
Altered spontaneous brain activity pattern in patients with high myopia using amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation: a resting-state fMRI study
Structural alterations of the salience network in patients with insular glioma
Effect of spinal anesthesia-induced deafferentation on pain processing in healthy male volunteers: A task-related fMRI study
Speech naturalness detection and language representation in the dog brain.
Robust estimation of fractal measures for characterizing the structural complexity of the human brain: optimization and reproducibility.
Grey and white matter differences in Chronic Fatigue Syndrome – A voxel-based morphometry study
"Adolescent development of cortical oscillations: Power, phase, and support of cognitive maturation"
Why is that Hammer in My Coffee? A Multimodal Imaging Investigation of Contextually Based Tool Understanding
Frequent lucid dreaming associated with increased functional connectivity between frontopolar cortex and temporoparietal association areas
"Neurofeedback for obsessive compulsive disorder: A randomized, double-blind trial."
Estimating effective connectivity in Alzheimer's disease progression: A dynamic causal modeling study
"A single session of moderate intensity exercise influences memory, endocannabinoids and brain derived neurotrophic factor levels in men"
Differences in executive abilities rather than associative processes contribute to memory development
Increased thalamic gray matter volume induced by repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment in patients with major depressive disorder
Altered Resting State Networks Before and After Temporal Lobe Epilepsy Surgery.
Altered resting-state functional connectivity of the default mode and central executive networks following cognitive processing therapy for PTSD.
Assessing the greenhouse gas emissions of Brazilian soybean biodiesel production
A number-form area in the blind
Does the superior fronto-occipital fascicle exist in the human brain? Fiber dissection and brain functional mapping in 90 patients with gliomas
Predicting Long-Term After-Effects of Theta-Burst Stimulation on Supplementary Motor Network Through One-Session Response
The truth is in there: Belief processes in the human brain.
Spontaneous mentalizing during an interactive real world task: an fMRI study.
Brain mechanisms associated with internally directed attention and self-generated thought
White matter microstructure correlates of inhibition and task-switching in adolescents.
Varieties of perceptual instability and their neural correlates
"Investigation of the neural correlates of mentalizing through the Dynamic Inference Task, a new naturalistic task of social cognition."
Individual slow wave events give rise to macroscopic fMRI signatures and drive the strength of the BOLD signal in human resting-state EEG-fMRI recordings
The impact of age of onset on amygdala intrinsic connectivity in major depression
Functional Connectivity of the Striatum as a Neural Correlate of Symptom Severity in Patient with Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder
Diffuse glioma-induced structural reorganization in close association with preexisting syntax-related networks.
Orbitofrontal cortex activity and connectivity predict future depression symptoms in adolescence.
Microstructural white‐matter abnormalities and their relationship with cognitive dysfunction in obsessive–compulsive disorder
"Experiential grounding of abstract concepts: Processing of abstract mental state concepts engages brain regions involved in mentalizing, automatic speech, and lip movements."
Pragmatic abilities in multiple sclerosis: The contribution of the temporo-parietal junction.
Probing the relevance of the hippocampus for conflict-induced memory improvement
Reduced brain resting-state network specificity in infants compared with adults
The neural basis of naturalistic semantic and social cognition
Recognition of face-name associations after errorless and errorful learning: an fMRI study
Depressive symptoms following traumatic brain injury are associated with resting-state functional connectivity
Aberrant dynamic minimal spanning tree parameters within default mode network in patients with autism spectrum disorder
The Functional Integration in the Sensory-Motor System Predicts Aging in Healthy Older Adults
Cardiorespiratory Fitness and Attentional Control in the Aging Brain
"Conflicted between Goal-Directed and Habitual Control, an fMRI Investigation"
Incongruent pitch cues are associated with increased activation and functional connectivity in the frontal areas
"Scene Complexity: Influence on Perception, Memory, and Development in the Medial Temporal Lobe"
Immediate and long‐term effects of speech treatment targets and intensive dosage on Parkinson's disease dysphonia and the speech motor network: Randomized controlled trial
Exercise effects on bed rest-induced brain changes
Neurodevelopmental trajectories of letter and speech sound processing from preschool to the end of elementary school
Corticostriatal functional connectivity of bothersome tinnitus in single-sided deafness
Separate Memory-Enhancing Effects of Reward and Strategic Encoding.
"Assessment of brain mechanisms involved in the processes of thermal sensation, pleasantness/unpleasantness, and evaluation"
Clinical and laboratory features of myelitis patients with anti-neutrophil cytoplasmic antibodies.
High-fidelity intravoxel incoherent motion parameter mapping using locally low-rank and subspace modeling.
Role-Specific Brain Activations in Leaders and Followers During Joint Action
At the core of reasoning: Dissociating deductive and non-deductive load.
Effort-based cost-benefit valuation and the human brain.
Neurite orientation and dispersion density imaging (NODDI) detects cortical and corticospinal tract degeneration in ALS
Multimodal imaging of brain reorganization in hearing late learners of sign language
Neural Dynamics in the Processing of Personal Objects as an Index of the Brain Representation of the Self.
Functional Characterization of Atrophy Patterns Related to Cognitive Impairment
Mild behavioral impairment in Parkinson's disease is associated with altered corticostriatal connectivity
Altered Default Mode and Sensorimotor Network Connectivity With Striatal Subregions in Primary Insomnia: A Resting-State Multi-Band fMRI Study
"Stimulus valence, episodic memory, and the priming of brain activation profiles in borderline personality disorder"
Abnormalities of diffusional kurtosis imaging and regional homogeneity in idiopathic generalized epilepsy with generalized tonic-clonic seizures
Neural correlates and structural markers of emotion dysregulation in traumatized civilians
Reduced Hippocampal-Striatal Interactions during Formation of Durable Episodic Memories in Aging
Acute ketamine challenge increases resting state prefrontal-hippocampal connectivity in both humans and rats.
Investigating the neural substrates of Antagonistic Externalizing and social-cognitive Theory of Mind: an fMRI examination of functional activity and synchrony
Disrupted Cerebellar-Default Mode Network Functional Connectivity in Major Depressive Disorder With Gastrointestinal Symptoms
Behavioral and brain functional characteristics of children with Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity disorder and anxiety trait.
Detecting biological heterogeneity patterns in ADNI amnestic mild cognitive impairment based on volumetric MRI.
The influence of culture and cognitive reserve on the clinical presentation of behavioural-variant frontotemporal dementia
Accelerated brain aging in chronic low back pain.
Cerebellar transcranial direct current stimulation reconfigurates static and dynamic functional connectivity of the resting-state networks
Frequency-specific altered global signal topography in drug-naïve first-episode patients with adolescent-onset schizophrenia.
Opening or closing eyes at rest modulates the functional connectivity of V1 with default and salience networks
Altered Static and Dynamic Spontaneous Neural Activity in Drug-Naïve and Drug-Receiving Benign Childhood Epilepsy With Centrotemporal Spikes
Brain dysconnectivity with heart failure
Network level characteristics in the emotion recognition network after unilateral temporal lobe surgery.
Functional reorganization of the reading network in the course of foreign language acquisition.
Altered brain activity mediates the relationship between white matter hyperintensity severity and cognition in older adults.
Longitudinal thalamic white and grey matter changes associated with visual hallucinations in Parkinson’s disease
"
Cyanea capillata Bell Kinematics Analysis through Corrected In Situ Imaging and Modeling Using Strategic Discretization Techniques"
Neurocognitive Mechanisms Underlying Internet/Smartphone Addiction: A Preliminary fMRI Study
Simultaneous fMRI-EEG-DTI recording of MMN in patients with schizophrenia
Functional connectivity dysfunction of insular subdivisions in cognitive impairment after acute mild traumatic brain injury
Limbic Responses to Aversive Visual Stimuli during the Acute and Recovery Phase of Takotsubo Syndrome
Simultaneous EEG and fMRI reveals stronger sensitivity to orthographic strings in the left occipito-temporal cortex of typical versus poor beginning readers
Interpersonal brain synchronization under bluffing in strategic games
Error-signaling in the developing brain
The effect of mental countermeasures on neuroimaging-based concealed information tests.
How Does Approaching a Lead Vehicle and Monitoring Request Affect Drivers’ Takeover Performance? A Simulated Driving Study with Functional MRI
Increased resting-state cerebellar-cortical connectivity in breast cancer survivors with cognitive complaints after chemotherapy
Structural Changes Induced by Daily Music Listening in the Recovering Brain after Middle Cerebral Artery Stroke: A Voxel-Based Morphometry Study
The impact of age on load-related dorsolateral prefrontal cortex activation
Distinguishing Between Treatment-Resistant and Non-Treatment-Resistant Schizophrenia Using Regional Homogeneity
Cingulate cortex morphology impacts on neurofunctional activity and behavioral performance in interference tasks
It's not what you say but the way that you say it: an fMRI study of differential lexical and non-lexical prosodic pitch processing
Intrinsic brain activity patterns across large‐scale networks predict reciprocity propensity
Alteration of Whole Brain ALFF/fALFF and Degree Centrality in Adolescents With Depression and Suicidal Ideation After Electroconvulsive Therapy: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Assessing blood oxygen level–dependent signal variability as a biomarker of brain injury in sport-related concussion
The Neural Basis of Changing Social Norms through Persuasion
Frequency-specific alternations in the amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations in chronic tinnitus
Convergent and divergent brain structural and functional abnormalities associated with developmental dyslexia
The cerebellum is involved in processing of predictions and prediction errors in a fear conditioning paradigm
The Neural Bases of Social Intention Understanding: The Role of Interaction Goals
Antipsychotic Effects on Cortical Morphology in Schizophrenia and Bipolar Disorders
Neural Correlates of Emotion Regulation and Adolescent Suicidal Ideation.
Altered Functional Connectivity Patterns of the Insular Subregions in Psychogenic Nonepileptic Seizures.
Detecting spontaneous deception in the brain
Cognitive Deficit-Related Interhemispheric Asynchrony within the Medial Hub of the Default Mode Network Aids in Classifying the Hyperthyroid Patients
Elucidating the underlying components of metacognitive systematic bias in the human dorsolateral prefrontal cortex and inferior parietal cortex
Inferior Frontal Gyrus-Based Resting-State Functional Connectivity and Medium Dispositional Use of Reappraisal Strategy
Cerebellar engagement in the attachment behavioral system
Extended amygdala connectivity changes during sustained shock anticipation
Interaction Effect of Sex and Body Mass Index on Gray Matter Volume
Cognitive regulation alters social and dietary choice by changing attribute representations in domain-general and domain-specific brain circuits
Inward versus reward: white matter pathways in extraversion
Seeking Overlapping Neuroanatomical Alterations between Dyslexia and Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder: A Meta-Analytic Replication Study
The Changes of Brain Function After Spinal Manipulation Therapy in Patients with Chronic Low Back Pain: A Rest BOLD fMRI Study
How do cannabis users mentally travel in time? Evidence from an fMRI study of episodic future thinking.
Pre-treatment functional connectivity of the cingulate cortex predicts anti-suicidal effects of serial ketamine infusions
Application of the hybrid ANFIS models for long term wind power density prediction with extrapolation capability
Disruption in Surface-Based Functional Connectivity in the Right Posterior Hippocampal CA3 Subfield: A Probable Neural Basis of Visuospatial Working Memory Impairment in Patients With Right Temporal Lobe Epilepsy
Emotional salience but not valence impacts anterior cingulate cortex conflict processing
A pilot voxel-based morphometry study of older adults after the PICMOR intervention program
Sex‐dependent prefrontal cortex activation in regular cocaine users: A working memory functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Neural Patterns of Reorganization after Intensive Robot-Assisted Virtual Reality Therapy and Repetitive Task Practice in Patients with Chronic Stroke
The Association between Default-mode Network Functional Connectivity and Childhood Trauma on the Symptom Load in Male Adults with Methamphetamine Use Disorder
Altered resting-state neural activity and changes following a craving behavioral intervention for Internet gaming disorder
Brain responses to drug cues predict craving changes in abstinent heroin users: A preliminary study.
Abnormalities of intrinsic brain activity in essential tremor: A meta‐analysis of resting‐state functional imaging
Differences in Discounting Behavior and Brain Responses for Food and Money Reward
Cortical gray matter microstructural alterations in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus
Viewing personalized video clips recommended by TikTok activates default mode network and ventral tegmental area.
Abnormal Brain Activation During Verbal Memory Encoding in Postacute Anti-N-Methyl-d-Aspartate Receptor Encephalitis
Spatiotemporal dissociation of brain activity underlying threat and reward in social anxiety disorder
EEG resting-state functional connectivity: evidence for an imbalance of external/internal information integration in autism
Detached empathic experience of others’ pain in remitted states of depression – An fMRI study
Attention controls multisensory perception via two distinct mechanisms at different levels of the cortical hierarchy
Practice structure improves unconscious transitional memories by increasing synchrony in a premotor network.
Habitual physical activity mediates the acute exercise-induced modulation of anxiety-related amygdala functional connectivity
Multi‐voxel pattern analysis of amygdala functional connectivity at rest predicts variability in posttraumatic stress severity
Contiguity of proactive and reactive inhibitory brain areas: a cognitive model based on ALE meta-analyses
Assessment of anhedonia in psychological trauma: psychometric and neuroimaging perspectives
The language profile of behavioral variant frontotemporal dementia
Increased thalamo-cortical functional connectivity in patients with diabetic painful neuropathy: A resting-state functional MRI study
Neuroanatomical Profile of Young Females with Fragile X Syndrome: A Voxel-Based Morphometry Analysis.
Brain structural changes in cannabis dependence: association with MAGL
Social comparison modulates the neural responses to regret and subsequent risk-taking behavior
Impairment of the Missing Fundamental Phenomenon in Individuals with Alzheimer's Disease: A Neuropsychological and Voxel-Based Morphometric Study
Quality of life is related to the functional connectivity of the default mode network at rest.
Lower synaptic density associated with gaming disorder: an 18F-SynVesT-1 PET imaging study
Brain and soccer: Functional patterns of brain activity during the generation of creative moves in real soccer decision‐making situations
Alteration of regional heterogeneity and functional connectivity for obese undergraduates: evidence from resting-state fMRI.
The Heterogeneity in Retrieved Relations between the Personality Trait ‘Harm Avoidance’ and Gray Matter Volumes Due to Variations in the VBM and ROI Labeling Processing Settings
The experience of vivid autobiographical reminiscence is supported by subjective content representations in the precuneus
Multimodal brain features at 3 years of age and their relationship with pre-reading measures 1 year later
Functional connections between activated and deactivated brain regions mediate emotional interference during externally directed cognition.
Time-Frequency Characterization of Resting Brain in Bipolar Disorder during Euthymia—A Preliminary Study
Empirical Comparison of Distributed Source Localization Methods for Single-Trial Detection of Movement Preparation
Frequency-Dependent Intrinsic Electrophysiological Functional Architecture of the Human Verbal Language Network
Brain correlates of action word memory revealed by fMRI
Anterior insula activation during inhibition to smoking cues is associated with ability to maintain tobacco abstinence
Mild White Matter Changes in Un-medicated Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder Patients and Their Unaffected Siblings
Low-Frequency Fluctuations Amplitude Signals Exhibit Abnormalities of Intrinsic Brain Activities and Reflect Cognitive Impairment in Leukoaraiosis Patients
The orbitofrontal cortex modulates parenting stress in the maternal brain
Alterations in resting-state functional connectivity in patients with Crohn’s disease in remission
Sex differences in longitudinal changes of episodic memory-related brain activity and cognition in cognitively unimpaired older adults with a family history of Alzheimer’s disease
Multimodal Data and Machine Learning for Detecting Specific Biomarkers in Pediatric Epilepsy Patients With Generalized Tonic-Clonic Seizures
Threat visibility modulates the defensive brain circuit underlying fear and anxiety
Right Posterior Temporal Cortex Supports Integration of Phonetic and Talker Information
Anger provocation in violent offenders leads to emotion dysregulation
Regional and remote connectivity patterns in focal extratemporal lobe epilepsy
The optimistic brain: Trait optimism mediates the influence of resting-state brain activity and connectivity on anxiety in late adolescence.
Endogenous testosterone is associated with lower amygdala reactivity to angry faces and reduced aggressive behavior in healthy young women
"Intermittent Theta Burst Stimulation (iTBS) for Treatment of Chronic Post-Stroke Aphasia: Results of a Pilot Randomized, Double-Blind, Sham-Controlled Trial"
An fMRI Study of Neuronal Specificity in Acupuncture: The Multiacupoint Siguan and Its Sham Point
Relationship between BMI and alcohol consumption levels in decision making
Cerebral Blood Flow and Brain Functional Connectivity Changes in Older Adults Participating in a Mindfulness-Based Stress Reduction Program
Ventromedial prefrontal cortex contributes to performance success by controlling reward-driven arousal representation in amygdala.
Brain Functional Mechanisms in Attentional Processing Following Modified Conflict Stroop Task 
How aging affects the premotor control of lower limb movements in simulated gait
Success versus failure in cognitive control: meta-analytic evidence from neuroimaging studies on error processing
Alterations in intrinsic fronto-thalamo-parietal connectivity are associated with cognitive control deficits in psychotic disorders.
Changes in Functional Connectivity of Hippocampal Subregions in Patients with Obstructive Sleep Apnea after Six Months of Continuous Positive Airway Pressure Treatment
Neural correlates and functional connectivity of lexical tone processing in reading.
Aberrant structural covariance networks in youth at high familial risk for mood disorder
Neural Correlates of Stroop Performance in Alzheimer's Disease: A FDG-PET Study
Cross-Validation of Paranoid-Depressive Scale and Functional MRI: New Paradigm for Neuroscience Informed Clinical Psychopathology
Neural profiles of observing acceptance and rejection decisions in human mate choice copying.
Cerebellar gray matter and lobular volumes correlate with core autism symptoms
Encoding and Recognition Processing of Chinese Characters: A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Study on neuropathological mechanisms of primary monosymptomatic nocturnal enuresis in children using cerebral resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging
No evidence for an association of voxel-based morphometry with short-term non-motor outcomes in deep brain stimulation for Parkinson’s disease
Optimized microburst VNS elicits fMRI responses beyond thalamic‐specific response from standard VNS
Brain mechanisms linking language processing and open motor skill training
Scene complexity modulates degree of feedback activity during object detection in natural scenes
A Voxel-Based Magnetic Resonance Imaging Morphometric Study of Cerebral and Cerebellar Gray Matter in Patients Under 65 Years with Essential Tremor
Cingulo-hippocampal effective connectivity positively correlates with drug-cue attentional bias in opioid use disorder.
Distinct neural representations of hand movement direction between motor imagery and execution in the presupplementary motor area.
Ongoing egocentric spatial processing during learning of non-spatial information results in temporal-parietal activity during retrieval
Compensation Mechanisms May Not Always Account for Enhanced Multisensory Illusion in Older Adults: Evidence from Sound-Induced Flash Illusion
Interaction between behavioral inhibition and neural alcohol cue-reactivity in ADHD and alcohol use disorder
Embedding Task-Based Neural Models into a Connectome-Based Model of the Cerebral Cortex
Temporal Characteristics of Priming of Attention Shifts Are Mirrored by BOLD Response Patterns in the Frontoparietal Attention Network
A voxel-based morphometry comparison of the 3.0T ADNI-1 and ADNI-2 volumetric MRI protocols
Two nights of recovery sleep restores hippocampal connectivity but not episodic memory after total sleep deprivation
If you’re happy and you know it: neural correlates of self-evaluated psychological health and well-being
Functional connectivity reveals dissociable ventrolateral prefrontal mechanisms for the control of multilingual word retrieval
Task-based activation and resting-state connectivity predict individual differences in semantic capacity for complex semantic knowledge
Abnormal intra- and inter-network functional connectivity of brain networks in early-onset Parkinson’s disease and late-onset Parkinson’s disease
Is there less to social anxiety than meets the eye? Behavioral and neural responses to three socio-emotional tasks
Activation of stimulus-specific processing regions at retrieval tracks the strength of relational memory
Dynamics underlying auditory-object-boundary detection in primary auditory cortex.
The in vivo distribution of brain tissue loss in Richardson's syndrome and PSP-parkinsonism: a VBM-DARTEL study.
Sex-Specific Abnormalities and Treatment-Related Plasticity of Subgenual Anterior Cingulate Cortex Functional Connectivity in Chronic Pain
Shared functional neural substrates in Parkinson's disease and drug-induced parkinsonism: association with dopaminergic depletion
Endocannabinoid signaling of homeostatic status modulates functional connectivity in reward and salience networks.
Increased body mass index is associated with specific regional alterations in brain structure
Memory reactivation and suppression modulate integration of the semantic features of related memories in hippocampus.
Neurodevelopmental Changes in Social Reinforcement Processing: A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Cerebral glucose metabolism differs according to future weight change.
Metaphor processing is supramodal semantic processing: The role of the bilateral lateral temporal regions in multimodal communication.
Altered resting‐state functional network connectivity in profound sensorineural hearing loss infants within an early sensitive period: A group ICA study
A Resting-state Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study of Whole-brain Functional Connectivity of Voxel Levels in Patients With Irritable Bowel Syndrome With Depressive Symptoms
Speed-accuracy strategy regulations in prefrontal tumor patients
Decreased cerebral blood flow in the limbic and prefrontal cortex using SPECT imaging in a cohort of completed suicides
The effects of nicotine use during adolescence and young adulthood on gray matter cerebral blood flow estimates
fMR-Adaptation Reveals Invariant Coding of Biological Motion on the Human STS
"Roles of Category, Shape, and Spatial Frequency in Shaping Animal and Tool Selectivity in the Occipitotemporal Cortex"
Altered Topological Organization in the Sensorimotor Network After Application of Different Frequency rTMS
The Extrastriate Body Area and identity processing: An fMRI guided TMS study
Uncoupling Sensation and Perception in Human Time Processing
Longitudinal brain functional and structural connectivity changes after hemispherotomy in two pediatric patients with drug-resistant epilepsy
Relationship between Brain Age-Related Reduction in Gray Matter and Educational Attainment
Trial-Level Regressor Modulation for Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Designs Requiring Strict Periodicity of Stimulus Presentations: Illustrated Using a Go/No-Go Task
The Effects of Working Memory Capacity in Metaphor and Metonymy Comprehension in Mandarin–English Bilinguals’ Minds: An fMRI Study
"Overweight and obesity are associated with neuronal injury in the human cerebellum and hippocampus in young adults: a combined MRI, serum marker and gene expression study"
Abnormal Fractional Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuation Changes in Patients with Monocular Blindness: A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) Study
"fMRI correlates of object-based attentional facilitation vs. suppression of irrelevant stimuli, dependent on global grouping and endogenous cueing"
Premotor cortex is hypoactive during sustained vowel production in individuals with Parkinson’s disease and hypophonia
Hemodynamic and electrocortical reactivity to specific scene contents in emotional perception.
Differential spatial patterns of structural connectivity of amygdala nuclei with orbitofrontal cortex
Common and distinct functional stability abnormalities across three major psychiatric disorders
Combination of diffusion tensor and functional magnetic resonance imaging during recovery from the vegetative state
Contribution of the sensorimotor beta oscillations and the cortico-basal ganglia-thalamic circuitry during value-based decision making: A simultaneous EEG-fMRI investigation.
Neurophysiological Effects of the Anterior Cingulate Cortex on the Exacerbation of Crohn’s Disease: A Combined fMRI-MRS Study
Evidence of cortical thickness reduction and disconnection in high myopia
Longitudinal Changes of Caudate-Based Resting State Functional Connectivity in Mild Traumatic Brain Injury
Magnetic resonance spectroscopy in schizophrenia: methodological issues and findings--part II.
Behavioural and neural responses to aversive visceral stimuli in women with primary dysmenorrhoea
Acupuncture Reversible Effects on Altered Default Mode Network of Chronic Migraine Accompanied with Clinical Symptom Relief
Psychopaths Show Enhanced Amygdala Activation during Fear Conditioning
The Role of the Left Inferior Frontal Gyrus in Introspection during Verbal Communication
Disrupted Resting Frontal–Parietal Attention Network Topology Is Associated With a Clinical Measure in Children With Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder
Stronger functional connectivity during reading contextually predictable words in slow readers
The functional anatomy of auditory hallucinations in schizophrenia.
Source Analysis of Beta-Synchronisation and Cortico-Muscular Coherence after Movement Termination Based on High Resolution Electroencephalography
Interpersonal violence in posttraumatic women: brain networks triggered by trauma-related pictures
Associations between cortical thickness and parasympathetic nervous system functioning during middle childhood.
Identification of selection and inhibition components in a Go/NoGo task from EEG spectra using a machine learning classifier
Regional gray matter correlates of memory for emotion-laden words in middle-aged and older adults: A voxel-based morphometry study
Patterns of intrinsic brain activity in essential tremor with resting tremor and tremor-dominant Parkinson's disease.
Aberrant Dynamics of Regional Coherence Measured by Resting-State fMRI in Children With Benign Epilepsy With Centrotemporal Spikes (BECTS)
Basic Instinct Undressed: Early Spatiotemporal Processing for Primary Sexual Characteristics
Pain Control by Co-adaptive Learning in a Brain-Machine Interface
Insights to the neural response to food cues in class III compared with class I and II obese adults using a sample of endometrial cancer survivors seeking weight loss
Schizophrenia and Category-Selectivity in the Brain: Normal for Faces but Abnormal for Houses
Abnormalities of Frontal-Parietal Resting-State Functional Connectivity Are Related to Disease Activity in Patients with Systemic Lupus Erythematosus
Reproducible metabolic topographies associated with multiple system atrophy: Network and regional analyses in Chinese and American patient cohorts
Stress and the brain: Perceived stress mediates the impact of the superior frontal gyrus spontaneous activity on depressive symptoms in late adolescence.
Functional Connectivity Changes in Multiple-Frequency Bands in Acute Basal Ganglia Ischemic Stroke Patients: A Machine Learning Approach
Antidepressants combined with psychodrama improve the coping style and cognitive control network in patients with childhood trauma-associated major depressive disorder
Brain Structural and Functional Dissociated Patterns in Degenerative Cervical Myelopathy: A Case-Controlled Retrospective Resting-State fMRI Study
"Cortical morphometry alterations in brain regions involved in emotional, motor-control and self-referential processing in patients with functional constipation."
Sex Differences in Spontaneous Brain Activity in Adolescents With Conduct Disorder
Appreciation of different styles of humor: An fMRI study
DLPFC stimulation alters large-scale brain networks connectivity during a drug cue reactivity task: A tDCS-fMRI study
Alteration of Degree Centrality in Adolescents With Early Blindness
The neural basis of task switching changes with skill acquisition
Neural Connectivity in Syntactic Movement Processing
Intense Passionate Love Attenuates Cigarette Cue-Reactivity in Nicotine-Deprived Smokers: An fMRI Study
Being a leader in a rhythmic interaction activates reward-related brain regions.
Exposure to Criticism Modulates Left but Not Right Amygdala Functional Connectivity in Healthy Adolescents: Individual Influences of Perceived and Self-Criticism
Sleep quality relates to emotional reactivity via intracortical myelination
Altered Neural Activity during Irony Comprehension in Unaffected First-Degree Relatives of Schizophrenia Patients—An fMRI Study
Cognitive Improvement and Brain Changes after Real-Time Functional MRI Neurofeedback Training in Healthy Elderly and Prodromal Alzheimer’s Disease
Proactive and Reactive Language Control in the Bilingual Brain
Effective connectivity during autobiographical memory search
Whole-Brain Functional Networks for Phonological and Orthographic Processing in Chinese Good and Poor Readers
The bottom-up information transfer process and top-down attention control underlying tonal working memory
Reappraisal of Interpersonal Criticism in Social Anxiety Disorder: A Brain Network Hierarchy Perspective.
Visuomotor brain network activation and functional connectivity among individuals with autism spectrum disorder
Regional activity alterations in Parkinson’s disease patients with anxiety disorders: A resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Dynamic up- and down-regulation of the default (DMN) and extrinsic (EMN) mode networks during alternating task-on and task-off periods
Reversal learning strategy in adolescence is associated with prefrontal cortex activation.
"Thalamus is a common locus of reading, arithmetic, and IQ: Analysis of local intrinsic functional properties."
Dissociable effects of age and Parkinson’s disease on instruction-based learning
Medial Temporal Lobe Contributions to Intra-Item Associative Recognition Memory in the Aging Brain
Primary and Secondary Variants of Psychopathy in a Volunteer Sample Are Associated With Different Neurocognitive Mechanisms.
Effects of left and right medial temporal lobe resections on hemodynamic correlates of negative and neutral scene processing
Brain structure links trait hostile attribution bias and attitudes toward violence.
A change of mind: Globus pallidus activity and effective connectivity during changes in choice selections.
Probabilistic and deductive reasoning in the human brain.
The Neural Correlates of Mental Rotation Abilities in Cannabis-Abusing Patients with Schizophrenia: An fMRI Study
Enhanced bodily states of fear facilitates bias perception of fearful faces
Altered brain regional homogeneity is associated with cognitive dysfunction in first-episode drug-naive major depressive disorder: A resting-state fMRI study.
Cortical Complexity in People at Ultra-High-Risk for Psychosis Moderated by Childhood Trauma
Intolerance of uncertainty predicts fear extinction in amygdala-ventromedial prefrontal cortical circuitry
Cognitive load and autonomic response patterns under negative priming demand in depersonalization‐derealization disorder
Vitality Forms Processing in the Insula during Action Observation: A Multivoxel Pattern Analysis
A preliminary trial of botulinum toxin type A in patients with vestibular migraine: A longitudinal fMRI study
"Brain correlates of depression, post-traumatic distress, and inflammatory biomarkers in COVID-19 survivors: A multimodal magnetic resonance imaging study"
Corticostriatal White Matter Integrity and Dopamine D1 Receptor Availability Predict Age Differences in Prefrontal Value Signaling during Reward Learning
Regional Homogeneity in Patients With Mild Cognitive Impairment: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Distinct Top-down and Bottom-up Brain Connectivity During Visual Perception and Imagery
Effects of early adversity on the brain: Larger-volume anterior cingulate cortex in AIDS orphans
Brain Degeneration in Synucleinopathies Based on Analysis of Cognition and Other Nonmotor Features: A Multimodal Imaging Study
Increased anticipatory but decreased consummatory brain responses to food in sisters of anorexia nervosa patients
Energy-based stochastic control of neural mass models suggests time-varying effective connectivity in the resting state.
Perirhinal Cortex is Involved in the Resolution of Learned Approach-Avoidance Conflict Associated with Discrete Objects.
Decreased interhemispheric functional connectivity rather than corpus callosum volume as a potential biomarker for autism spectrum disorder.
The changed functional status of the brain was involved in patients with poststroke aphasia: Coordinate‐based (activation likelihood estimation) meta‐analysis
Effects of concurrent action and object naming treatment on naming skills and functional brain activation patterns in primary progressive aphasia: An fMRI study with a case-series design.
Adjunctive selective estrogen receptor modulator increases neural activity in the hippocampus and inferior frontal gyrus during emotional face recognition in schizophrenia
Neural substrates in patients with visual-spatial neglect recovering from right-hemispheric stroke
Behavioural cue reactivity to alcohol-related and non-alcohol-related stimuli among individuals with alcohol use disorder: An fMRI study with a visual task
Aging-related differences in the cortical network subserving intelligible speech.
Prediction of cognitive performance differences in older age from multimodal neuroimaging data
Male-specific volume expansion of the human hippocampus during adolescence.
Neural Representation of Parental Monitoring and Links to Adolescent Risk Taking
Exploring Cortical Attentional System by Using fMRI during a Continuous Perfomance Test
Immediate Modulation of Transcutaneous Auricular Vagus Nerve Stimulation in Patients With Treatment-Resistant Depression: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Like mother like daughter: putamen activation as a mechanism underlying intergenerational risk for depression
Neural correlates of moral judgment in pedophilia
Altered periaqueductal gray resting state functional connectivity in migraine and the modulation effect of treatment
Typical asymmetry in the hemispheric activation during an fMRI verbal comprehension paradigm is related to better performance in verbal and non-verbal tasks in patients with epilepsy
"Probing the role of the right inferior frontal gyrus during Pain‐Related empathy processing: Evidence from fMRI and TMS
"
Changes in brain activation during sedation induced by dexmedetomidine
Stepwise functional connectivity reveals altered sensory-multimodal integration in medication-naïve adults with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.
Reward Processing in Trichotillomania and Skin Picking Disorder
Increased resting-state functional connectivity in suprasellar tumor patients with postoperative visual improvement
"Impact of Protein Stability, Cellular Localization, and Abundance on Proteomic Detection of Tumor-Derived Proteins in Plasma"
Auditory figure-ground analysis in rostral belt and parabelt of the macaque monkey
Examining Inhibitory Affective Processing Within the Rostral Anterior Cingulate Cortex Among Abstinent Cannabis-Using Adolescents and Young Adults
Altered Functional Connectivity in Resting State Networks in Tourette’s Disorder
Self-referential processing during observation of a speech performance task in social anxiety disorder from pre- to post-treatment: Evidence of disrupted neural activation.
Neurobiological effects of perceived stress are different between adolescents and middle-aged adults
Insula functional connectivity in schizophrenia.
The relationship between childhood emotional neglect experience and depressive symptoms and prefrontal resting functional connections in college students: The mediating role of reappraisal strategy
Content Representation of Tactile Mental Imagery in Primary Somatosensory Cortex
Effect of DAOA genetic variation on white matter alteration in corpus callosum in patients with first-episode schizophrenia.
Feeling of presence in dementia with Lewy bodies is related to reduced left frontoparietal metabolism
Using Real-Time fMRI Neurofeedback to Modulate M1-Cerebellum Connectivity
Altered spontaneous brain activity patterns in patients with retinal vein occlusion indicated by the amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation: A functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Diminished responses to bodily threat and blunted interoception in suicide attempters
Abnormal spontaneous brain activity in females with autism spectrum disorders
"Neighborhood disadvantage, race/ethnicity and neural sensitivity to social threat and reward among adolescents"
Peripheral arterial stiffness during electrocutaneous stimulation is positively correlated with pain-related brain activity and subjective pain intensity: an fMRI study
MRI study of thalamic volumes in bipolar and unipolar patients and healthy individuals.
Cortical and Subcortical Alterations in Medication Overuse Headache
Functional connectivity of the human amygdala in health and in depression
The common and distinct neural bases of affect labeling and reappraisal in healthy adults
The influence of acoustic startle probes on fear learning in humans
Investigating the mechanism and prognosis of patients with disorders of consciousness on the basis of brain networks between the thalamus and whole-brain
Impaired Cerebrovascular Function in Coronary Artery Disease Patients and Recovery Following Cardiac Rehabilitation
Functional changes in fusional vergence‐related brain areas and correlation with clinical features in intermittent exotropia using functional magnetic resonance imaging
Mixed‐effects multilevel analysis followed by canonical correlation analysis is an effective fMRI tool for the investigation of idiosyncrasies
Prediction of Differential Pharmacologic Response in Chronic Pain Using Functional Neuroimaging Biomarkers and a Support Vector Machine Algorithm: An Exploratory Study
Modulation of atypical brain activation during executive functioning in autism: a pharmacological MRI study of tianeptine
Developmental Trajectories of Associative Memory from Childhood to Adulthood: A Behavioral and Neuroimaging Study
Acute Effects of Aerobic Exercise on Executive Function and Attention in Adult Patients With ADHD
Sex-specific neural circuits of emotion regulation in the centromedial amygdala
Aberrant Volume-Wise and Voxel-Wise Concordance Among Dynamic Intrinsic Brain Activity Indices in Parkinson’s Disease: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Neuronal Substrates Underlying Performance Variability in Well-Trained Skillful Motor Task in Humans
Altered amygdala activation during face processing in Iraqi and Afghanistani war veterans
Cortical hierarchy disorganization in major depressive disorder and its association with suicidality
Enhanced Network Efficiency of Functional Brain Networks in Primary Insomnia Patients
Trait and state-related characteristics of thalamo-cortical circuit disruption in bipolar disorder: a prospective cross-sectional study
Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging and Functional Connectivity Density Mapping in Patients With Optic Neuritis
Localized Connectivity in Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder: An Investigation Combining Univariate and Multivariate Pattern Analyses
Altered Brain Activation in Early Drug-Naive Parkinson's Disease during Heat Pain Stimuli: An fMRI Study
Reactions to Media Violence: It’s in the Brain of the Beholder
Attention induced neural response trade-off in retinotopic cortex under load
Strategic Motives Drive Proposers to Offer Fairly in Ultimatum Games: An fMRI Study
Allostatic load and disordered white matter microstructure in overweight adults
Brain responses to different types of salience in antipsychotic naïve first episode psychosis: An fMRI study
Re-evaluating the role of TPJ in attentional control: Contextual updating?☆
TMS over the pre-SMA enhances semantic cognition via remote network effects on task-based activity and connectivity
Diffusion Tensor Imaging Studies on Chinese Patients with Social Anxiety Disorder
Motivational system modulates brain responses during exploratory decision-making
Mapping of grey matter changes in schizophrenia.
Age-dependent brain volume and neuropsychological changes after chemotherapy in breast cancer patients.
Altered Brain Network Centrality in Patients with Adult Strabismus with Amblyopia: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging (fMRI) Study
Differences in cerebral response to esophageal acid stimuli and psychological anticipation in GERD subtypes - An fMRI study
The Interaction Between Gaze and Facial Expression in the Amygdala and Extended Amygdala is Modulated by Anxiety
Dynamic state allocation for MEG source reconstruction
Relation of Overweight/Obesity to Reward Region Response to Food Reward and the Moderating Effects of Parental History of Eating Pathology in Adolescent Females
Resting-State Connectivity Changes After Goal-Oriented Attentional Self-Regulation Training in Veterans With Mild Traumatic Brain Injury: Preliminary Findings from a Randomized Controlled Trial
The Specific Impact of Apolipoprotein E Epsilon 2 on Cognition and Brain Function in Cognitively Normal Elders and Mild Cognitive Impairment Patients
Altered cerebellar and caudate gray‐matter volumes and structural covariance networks preceding dual cognitive and mobility impairments in older people
The pattern of brain gray matter impairments in patients with subcortical vascular dementia.
Neural evidence for cognitive reappraisal as a strategy to alleviate the effects of math anxiety
Orbitofrontal Cortex Functional Connectivity-Based Classification for Chronic Insomnia Disorder Patients With Depression Symptoms
The Modulatory Effect of Cerebrovascular Burden in Response to Cognitive Stimulation in Healthy Ageing and Mild Cognitive Impairment
A Voxel-Based Morphometry Study of the Brain of University Students Majoring in Music and Nonmusic Disciplines
Reward motivation adaptation in people with negative schizotypal features: development of a novel behavioural paradigm and identifying its neural correlates using resting-state functional connectivity analysis.
Chinese and Western Musical Training Impacts the Circuit in Auditory and Reward Systems
"Functional and spatial segregation within the inferior frontal and superior temporal cortices during listening, articulation imagery, and production of vowels"
Areas Recruited during Action Understanding Are Not Modulated by Auditory or Sign Language Experience
Reduced body-image disturbance by body-image interventions is associated with neural-response changes in visual and social processing regions: a preliminary study
Early prediction of long-term tactile object recognition performance after sensorimotor stroke.
Revisiting shyness and sociability: a preliminary investigation of hormone-brain-behavior relations
Contralesional Structural Plasticity in Different Molecular Pathologic Subtypes of Insular Glioma
The Role of Medial Prefrontal Cortex in Acupuncture Treatment for Functional Dyspepsia
Persistent Differences in Brain Structure in Developmental Dyscalculia: A Longitudinal Morphometry Study
Altered dynamics of brain segregation and integration in poststroke aphasia.
An fMRI study of visual geometric shapes processing
Neural correlates of intonation and lexical tone in tonal and non‐tonal language speakers
Arterial spin labeling reveals relationships between resting cerebral perfusion and motor learning in Parkinson's disease.
State or trait: the neurobiology of anorexia nervosa — contributions of a functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Resisting aggression in social contexts: The influence of life-course persistent antisocial behavior on behavioral and neural responses to social feedback
Children With Dyslexia and Familial Risk for Dyslexia Present Atypical Development of the Neuronal Phonological Network
Altered brain activity in end‐stage knee osteoarthritis revealed by resting‐state functional magnetic resonance imaging
Amygdala Adaptation and Temporal Dynamics of the Salience Network in Conditioned Fear: A Single-Trial fMRI Study
Characterizing the analgesic effects of real and imagined acupuncture using functional and structure MRI.
Functional Covariance Connectivity of Gray and White Matter in Olfactory-Related Brain Regions in Parkinson’s Disease
Neural substrates of self‐ and external‐preoccupation: A voxel‐based morphometry study
Sex-Dependent Effects of the APOE ɛ4 Allele on Behavioral Traits and White Matter Structures in Young Adults
Alterations in whole-brain dynamic functional stability during memory tasks under dexmedetomidine sedation
Cortical Gyrification in Transgender Individuals.
Uni- and multisensory brain areas are synchronised across spectators when watching unedited dance recordings
Neuronal efficiency following n-back training task is accompanied by a higher cerebral glucose metabolism.
Independent Component Analysis and Graph Theoretical Analysis in Patients with Narcolepsy
Can we predict burnout severity from empathy-related brain activity?
Action perception recruits the cerebellum and is impaired in patients with spinocerebellar ataxia
Age-Related Influences of Prior Sleep on Brain Activation during Verbal Encoding
Metabolic and Electrophysiological Changes Associated to Clinical Improvement in Two Severely Traumatized Subjects Treated With EMDR—A Pilot Study
Effect of Methylphenidate on Resting-State Connectivity in Adolescents With a Disruptive Behavior Disorder: A Double-Blind Randomized Placebo-Controlled fMRI Study
Alterations in functional connectivity are associated with white matter lesions and information processing efficiency in multiple sclerosis.
Differentiating between visual hallucination-free dementia with Lewy bodies and corticobasal syndrome on the basis of neuropsychology and perfusion single-photon emission computed tomography
Unique deficit in embodied simulation in autism: An fMRI study comparing autism and developmental coordination disorder
Resting-state connectivity of the amygdala is altered following Pavlovian fear conditioning
Role of the fronto-parietal cortex in prospective action judgments
Neural Responsivity to Food Cues in Patients With Unmedicated First-Episode Psychosis
Dissociable Memory- and Response-Related Activity in Parietal Cortex During Auditory Spatial Working Memory
Effects of Smoking on Regional Homogeneity in Mild Cognitive Impairment: A Resting-State Functional MRI Study
"Mapping adolescent reward anticipation, receipt, and prediction error during the monetary incentive delay task."
Machine learning analysis reveals aberrant dynamic changes in amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations among patients with retinal detachment
Altered long‐ and short‐range functional connectivity density associated with poor sleep quality in patients with chronic insomnia disorder: A resting‐state fMRI study
Cortical representation of experimental periodontal pain: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Examining the Triple Code Model in numerical cognition: An fMRI study
Development of Print-Speech Integration in the Brain of Beginning Readers With Varying Reading Skills
Global Functional Connectivity Analysis Indicating Dysconnectivity of the Hate Circuit in Major Depressive Disorder
Duration Selectivity in Right Parietal Cortex Reflects the Subjective Experience of Time
Individual differences in representational similarity of first and second languages in the bilingual brain
Abnormal Regional Spontaneous Neural Activity and Functional Connectivity in Unmedicated Patients with Narcolepsy Type 1: A Resting-State fMRI Study
An integrated cluster‐wise significance measure for fMRI analysis
Remapping in Cerebral and Cerebellar Cortices Is Not Restricted by Somatotopy
Targeted location of microseismic events based on a 3D heterogeneous velocity model in underground mining
"Comparison of local activation, functional connectivity, and structural connectivity in the N-back task"
Disruption of brain regional homogeneity and functional connectivity in male NAFLD: evidence from a pilot resting-state fMRI study
Altered brain activities in mesocorticolimbic pathway in primary dysmenorrhea patients of long-term menstrual pain
Neural correlates of gratitude
Reduced resting-state brain activity in the default mode network in children with (central) auditory processing disorders
Behavioral and Neural Correlates of Speech Motor Sequence Learning in Stuttering and Neurotypical Speakers: An fMRI Investigation
The Plasticity of Brain Gray Matter and White Matter following Lower Limb Amputation
Increased Insular Cortical Thickness Associated With Symptom Severity in Male Youths With Internet Gaming Disorder: A Surface-Based Morphometric Study
Using Regional Homogeneity to Reveal Altered Spontaneous Activity in Patients with Mild Cognitive Impairment
Functional Connectivity with the Default Mode Network Is Altered in Fibromyalgia Patients
Abnormal Alterations of Regional Spontaneous Neuronal Activity in Inferior Frontal Orbital Gyrus and Corresponding Brain Circuit Alterations: A Resting-State fMRI Study in Somatic Depression
Absence of associations with prefrontal cortex and cerebellum may link to early language and social deficits in preschool children with ASD
Grey matter structural differences in alcohol-dependent individuals with and without comorbid depression/anxiety-an MRI study.
The influence of homeostatic mechanisms on neural regulation of food craving in anorexia nervosa
Applying Retinal Vascular Structures Characteristics Coupling with Cortical Visual System in Alzheimer’s Disease Spectrum Patients
Belief in the miracles of Lourdes: A voxel‐based morphometry study
Differential Localization of Pain-Related and Pain-Unrelated Neural Responses for Acupuncture at BL60 Using BOLD fMRI
Musical Imagery Involves Wernicke’s Area in Bilateral and Anti-Correlated Network Interactions in Musicians
Cortical Representation of Tactile Stickiness Evoked by Skin Contact and Glove Contact
Neural correlates of confusability in recognition of morphologically complex Korean words
Altered resting‐state functional connectivity within the developing social brain after pediatric traumatic brain injury
EEG Single-Trial Detection of Gait Speed Changes during Treadmill Walk
Gray- and white-matter anatomy of absolute pitch possessors.
Dysfunction of the Prefrontal Cortex in Betel-Quid–Dependent Chewers
Baseline cognition is the best predictor of 4-year cognitive change in cognitively intact older adults
Memory Networks in Tinnitus: A Functional Brain Image Study
Distinct stress-related changes in intrinsic amygdala connectivity predict subsequent positive and negative memory performance.
"Converging function, structure, and behavioural features of emotion regulation in very preterm children."
The cerebellum in dual-task performance in Parkinson’s disease
Associations Between Sign Language Skills and Resting-State Functional Connectivity in Deaf Early Signers
Focal decline of cortical thickness in Alzheimer's disease identified by computational neuroanatomy.
Decreased Activation of Subcortical Brain Areas in the Motor Fatigue State: An fMRI Study
Moderate social sensitivity in a risky context supports adaptive decision making in adolescence: evidence from brain and behavior
Lenticulostriate arterial distribution pathology may underlie pediatric anoxic brain injury in drowning
Different brain responses to electro-acupuncture and moxibustion treatment in patients with Crohn’s disease
From State-to-Trait Meditation: Reconfiguration of Central Executive and Default Mode Networks
Neural correlates of visual and tactile path integration and their task related modulation
Human premotor areas parse sequences into their spatial and temporal features
Cerebral blood flow changes in schizophrenia patients with auditory verbal hallucinations during low-frequency rTMS treatment.
Altered Intrinsic Connectivity Networks in Frontal Lobe Epilepsy: A Resting-State fMRI Study
"Initial Evidence for Brain Plasticity Following a Digital Therapeutic
Intervention for Depression"
Abnormal degree centrality in delayed encephalopathy after carbon monoxide poisoning: a resting-state fMRI study
Fusing Mobile Phone Sensing and Brain Imaging to Assess Depression in College Students
Brain volume patterns in corticobasal syndrome versus idiopathic Parkinson's disease.
Distinct neural responses of morningness and eveningness chronotype to homeostatic sleep pressure revealed by resting‐state functional magnetic resonance imaging
State and Training Effects of Mindfulness Meditation on Brain Networks Reflect Neuronal Mechanisms of Its Antidepressant Effect
The neural correlates of visuo-spatial working memory in children with autism spectrum disorder: effects of cognitive load
Within- and across-network alterations of the sensorimotor network in Parkinson’s disease
Distinctive tics suppression network in Gilles de la Tourette syndrome distinguished from suppression of natural urges using multimodal imaging
Altered functional connectivity density and couplings in postpartum depression with and without anxiety
"Sex Hormones Modulate the Relationship Between Global Advantage, Lateralization, and Interhemispheric Connectivity in a Navon Paradigm"
Amygdala activation to threat under attentional load in individuals with anxiety disorder
Dynamic analysis of amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation in children with growth hormone deficiency.
Voxel-Mirrored Homotopic Connectivity Is Altered in Meibomian Gland Dysfunction Patients That Are Morbidly Obese
Information about others’ choices selectively alters risk tolerance and medial prefrontal cortex activation across adolescence and young adulthood
Neural basis of uncertain cue processing in trait anxiety
Specific brain morphometric changes in spinal cord injury with and without neuropathic pain
Identification of the shared gene signatures and pathways between polycystic ovary syndrome and endometrial cancer: An omics data based combined approach
Neural responses to reward anticipation and feedback in adult and adolescent cannabis users and controls
Transcutaneous Spinal Cord Direct-Current Stimulation Modulates Functional Activity and Integration in Idiopathic Restless Legs Syndrome
Altered Structural Brain Networks Related to Adrenergic/Muscarinic Receptor Autoantibodies in Chronic Fatigue Syndrome.
"Applying dimensional psychopathology: transdiagnostic associations among regional homogeneity, leptin and depressive symptoms"
Aberrant salience network functional connectivity in auditory verbal hallucinations: a first episode psychosis sample
Impact of Zika Virus on adult human brain structure and functional organization
The neural representation of competence traits: An fMRI study
Altered brain responses to noxious dentoalveolar stimuli in high-impact temporomandibular disorder pain patients
Multimodal integration of spontaneously produced representational co-speech gestures: an fMRI study.
The focal alteration and causal connectivity in children with new-onset benign epilepsy with centrotemporal spikes
Effects of in-Scanner Bilateral Frontal tDCS on Functional Connectivity of the Working Memory Network in Older Adults
The effects of valence and arousal on the neural activity leading to subsequent memory.
"How the brain attunes to sentence processing: Relating behavior, structure, and function"
Tumor necrosis factor alpha and its receptors in relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis.
Aperiodic measures of neural excitability are associated with anticorrelated hemodynamic networks at rest: A combined EEG-fMRI study.
Disruption of White Matter Integrity in Adult Survivors of Childhood Brain Tumors: Correlates with Long-Term Intellectual Outcomes
Differential processing of risk and reward in delinquent and non-delinquent youth
Aberrant brain voxel-wise resting state fMRI in patients with thyroid-associated ophthalmopathy.
Odors Associated With Autobiographical Memory Induce Visual Imagination of Emotional Scenes as Well as Orbitofrontal-Fusiform Activation
Increased Amygdala Activations during the Emotional Experience of Death-Related Pictures in Complicated Grief: An fMRI Study
Altered brain activity in patients with end‐stage renal disease: A meta‐analysis of resting‐state functional imaging
Prefrontal GABA and glutamate–glutamine levels affect sustained attention
Neural evidence for persistent attentional bias to threats in patients with social anxiety disorder
Reduced gray matter volume in male adolescent violent offenders
Neural Responses to Reward in a Gambling Task: Sex Differences and Individual Variation in Reward-Driven Impulsivity
Between-hand difference in ipsilateral deactivation is associated with hand lateralization: fMRI mapping of 284 volunteers balanced for handedness
At-risk individuals display altered brain activity following stress
A resting-state fMRI study of obese females between pre- and postprandial states before and after bariatric surgery.
Individual differences in solving arithmetic word problems
Stimulus familiarity modulates functional connectivity of the perirhinal cortex and anterior hippocampus during visual discrimination of faces and objects
Lower Functional Connectivity of the Periaqueductal Gray Is Related to Negative Affect and Clinical Manifestations of Fibromyalgia
Pupil Dilation during Reward Anticipation Is Correlated to Depressive Symptom Load in Patients with Major Depressive Disorder
A network-level test of the role of the co-activated default mode network in episodic recall and social cognition
Cerebral blood flow predicts multiple demand network activity and fluid intelligence across the adult lifespan.
Longitudinal gray matter contraction in three variants of primary progressive aphasia: A tenser-based morphometry study
Exploring brain plasticity in developmental dyslexia through implicit sequence learning
A brief child-friendly reward task reliably activates the ventral striatum in two samples of socioeconomically diverse youth
A meta-analytic study of experimental and chronic orofacial pain excluding headache disorders
"Sensorimotor and Pain Modulation Brain Abnormalities in Trigeminal Neuralgia: A Paroxysmal, Sensory-Triggered Neuropathic Pain"
Reward enhances connectivity between the ventral striatum and the default mode network
Functional whole-brain mechanisms underlying effects of tDCS on athletic performance of male rowing athletes revealed by resting-state fMRI
Revealing the mechanisms behind novel auditory stimuli discrimination: An evaluation of silent functional MRI using looping star
Intrinsic non-hub connectivity predicts human inter-temporal decision-making.
Influence of Alternate Hot and Cold Thermal Stimulation in Cortical Excitability in Healthy Adults: An fMRI Study
Disturbed spontaneous brain activity pattern in patients with primary angle-closure glaucoma using amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation: a fMRI study
The neural mechanisms underlying the modulation of attentional deployment on emotional stability.
Altered relationship between subjective perception and central representation of touch hedonics in adolescents with autism-spectrum disorder
Canonical Sentence Processing and the Inferior Frontal Cortex: Is There a Connection?
Changes in brain connectivity linked to multisensory processing of pain modulation in migraine with acupuncture treatment
Altered homotopic connectivity in postherpetic neuralgia: a resting state fMRI study
Functional Hyperconnectivity during a Stories Listening Task in Magnetoencephalography Is Associated with Language Gains for Children Born Extremely Preterm
Different interaction modes for the default mode network revealed by resting state functional magnetic resonance imaging.
"A Willingness-to-Pay Associated Right Prefrontal Activation During a Single, Real Use of Lipsticks as Assessed Using Functional Near-Infrared Spectroscopy"
Gating by induced Α-Γ asynchrony in selective attention.
Neural substrates of top-down processing during perceptual duration-based timing and beat-based timing.
Reduced Global-Brain Functional Connectivity of the Cerebello-Thalamo-Cortical Network in Patients With Dry Eye Disease
Abnormal Frontostriatal Activity During Unexpected Reward Receipt in Depression and Schizophrenia: Relationship to Anhedonia
Magnetic resonance imaging does not reveal structural alterations in the brain of grapheme-color synesthetes
The modulation effects of repeated transcutaneous auricular vagus nerve stimulation on the functional connectivity of key brainstem regions along the vagus nerve pathway in migraine patients
Morphological alterations of contralesional hemisphere relate to functional outcomes after stroke.
A novel concurrent TMS‐fMRI method to reveal propagation patterns of prefrontal magnetic brain stimulation
Association between neural reactivity and startle reactivity to uncertain threat in two independent samples.
Differential tDCS and tACS Effects on Working Memory-Related Neural Activity and Resting-State Connectivity
A neuroergonomics approach to driver's cooperation with Lane Departure Warning Systems.
Cerebellar contribution to auditory feedback control of speech production: Evidence from patients with spinocerebellar ataxia.
Impaired Self-Other Distinction and Subcortical Gray-Matter Alterations Characterize Socio-Cognitive Disturbances in Multiple Sclerosis
Anxiety and depression severity in neuropsychiatric SLE are associated with perfusion and functional connectivity changes of the frontolimbic neural circuit: a resting-state f(unctional) MRI study
Two systems for thinking about others’ thoughts in the developing brain
Toward a standardized structural-functional group connectome in MNI space.
Alterations of Regional Homogeneity in Children With Congenital Sensorineural Hearing Loss: A Resting-State fMRI Study
The Lifespan Trajectories of Brain Activities Related to Cognitive Control
Structural changes in white matter lesion patients and their correlation with cognitive impairment
Abnormal habenula functional connectivity characterizes treatment-resistant depression
Tracking emotions in the brain – Revisiting the Empathic Accuracy Task
Robust memory of face moral values is encoded in the human caudate tail: a simultaneous EEG-fMRI study
Brain connectivity during social exclusion differs depending on the closeness within a triad among older adults living in a village
Chronic Ketamine Exposure Causes White Matter Microstructural Abnormalities in Adolescent Cynomolgus Monkeys
Structural brain morphometry differences and similarities between young patients with Crohn’s disease in remission and healthy young and old controls
Increased Right Frontal Brain Activity During the Mandarin Hearing-in-Noise Test
Functional connectivity in frontostriatal networks differentiate offspring of parents with substance use disorders from other high-risk youth.
Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging of Motor Cortex Activation in Schizophrenia
Overlapping but distinct: Distal connectivity dissociates hand and tool processing networks.
Concurrent Encoding of Sequence Predictability and Event-Evoked Prediction Error in Unfolding Auditory Patterns
Hippocampal Representation of Threat Features and Behavior in a Human Approach–Avoidance Conflict Anxiety Task
Multivariate and repeated measures (MRM): A new toolbox for dependent and multimodal group-level neuroimaging data
Electrocorticography of Spatial Shifting and Attentional Selection in Human Superior Parietal Cortex
Influence of aerobic exercise training on the neural correlates of motor learning in Parkinson's disease individuals
What it means to be Zen: Marked modulations of local and interareal synchronization during open monitoring meditation
Fearfulness moderates the link between childhood social withdrawal and adolescent reward response.
Effects of behavioural activation on the neural basis of other perspective self-referential processing in subthreshold depression: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Early post‐treatment blood oxygenation level‐dependent responses to emotion processing associated with clinical response to pharmacological treatment in major depressive disorder
Sensory-Tactile Functional Mapping and Use-Associated Structural Variation of the Human Female Genital Representation Field
Electroacupuncture and manual acupuncture at LR3 and ST36 have attenuating effects on hypertension and subsequent cognitive dysfunction in spontaneously hypertensive rats: A preliminary resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Relationship between the LHPP Gene Polymorphism and Resting-State Brain Activity in Major Depressive Disorder
Selective visuoconstructional impairment following mild COVID-19 with inflammatory and neuroimaging correlation findings
Functional and effective connectivity analysis of drug-resistant epilepsy: a resting-state fMRI analysis
Electrical-induced pain diminishes somatosensory evoked magnetic cortical fields.
Differential Cortical and Subcortical Activations during Different Stages of Muscle Control: A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Dorsal anterior cingulate cortex in typically developing children: Laterality analysis
"Dissecting the midlife crisis: disentangling social, personality and demographic determinants in social brain anatomy"
The optimal balance of controlled and spontaneous processing in insight problem solving: fMRI evidence from Chinese idiom guessing.
Investigation of structural brain correlates of neurological soft signs in individuals at ultra-high risk for psychosis.
Cerebral blood flow changes in maintenance hemodialysis patients with restless legs syndrome and their clinical significance:a cross-sectional case-control study
Neural dissociations between meaningful and mere inconsistency in impression updating.
Age-Related Changes in the Neural Processes of Reward-Directed Action and Inhibition of Action
What part of the brain is involved in graphic design thinking in landscape architecture?
Brain entropy changes in classical trigeminal neuralgia
Age-related gray matter volume changes in the brain during non-elderly adulthood
The effect of background liked music on acute pain perception and its neural correlates
Altered Functional Connectivity Density in Young Survivors of Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia Using Resting-State fMRI
Memory orientation and success: separable neurocognitive components underlying episodic recognition.
Learning Cognitive Flexibility: Neural Substrates of Adapting Switch-Readiness to Time-varying Demands.
Differential Effects of Sustained Manual Pressure Stimulation According to Site of Action
"Normalisation of brain connectivity through compensatory behaviour, despite congenital hand absence"
The effects of psychiatric history and age on self-regulation of the default mode network.
Lingering Sound: Event-Related Phase-Amplitude Coupling and Phase-Locking in Fronto-Temporo-Parietal Functional Networks During Memory Retrieval of Music Melodies
A combined electrophysiological and morphological examination of episodic memory decline in amnestic mild cognitive impairment
What the brain ‘Likes’: neural correlates of providing feedback on social media
Striatal dopamine supports reward expectation and learning: A simultaneous PET/fMRI study
Author Correction: Neural representations of Groups and Stereotypes using fMRI repetition suppression
The Neural Mechanisms Underlying Processing Speed Deficits in Individuals Who Have Sustained a Spinal Cord Injury: A Pilot Study.
The role of early attachment and parental presence in adolescent behavioral and neurobiological regulation☆
Brain functional specialization and cooperation in Parkinson's disease.
Correlates of Social Exclusion in Social Anxiety Disorder: An fMRI study
Trait repetitive negative thinking in depression is associated with functional connectivity in negative thinking state rather than resting state
Neural mechanisms of pain processing differ between endurance athletes and nonathletes: A functional connectivity magnetic resonance imaging study
Ventrolateral Prefrontal Cortex Updates Chosen Value According to Choice Set Size.
Interplay between morphology and frequency in lexical access: the case of the base frequency effect.
Hallucinations and conscious access to visual inputs in Parkinson’s disease
Negative affect amplifies the relation between appetitive-food-related neural responses and weight gain over three-year follow-up among adolescents
Oxytocinergic modulation of speech production—a double-blind placebo-controlled fMRI study
Neural tracking of social hierarchies in adolescents’ real-world social networks
The Abnormal Functional Connectivity in the Locus Coeruleus-Norepinephrine System Associated With Anxiety Symptom in Chronic Insomnia Disorder
Abnormal Stability of Dynamic Functional Architecture in Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis: A Preliminary Resting-State fMRI Study
Distinction of self-produced touch and social touch at cortical and spinal cord levels
Neural Repetition Effects in the Medial Temporal Lobe Complex are Modulated by Previous Encoding Experience
Resting state neurophysiology of agonist-antagonist myoneural interface in persons with transtibial amputation
Resting-state functional connectivity differentiates anxious apprehension and anxious arousal.
Disrupted Brain Functional Network Architecture in Chronic Tinnitus Patients
Reduced amygdala responsivity during conditioning to trauma-related stimuli in posttraumatic stress disorder.
Topological Organization of Metabolic Brain Networks in Pre-Chemotherapy Cancer with Depression: A Resting-State PET Study
Cortical thickness 20 years after diagnosis of anorexia nervosa during adolescence.
Dysfunctional Default Mode Network in Methadone Treated Patients Who Have a Higher Heroin Relapse Risk
Aberrant regional homogeneity in post-traumatic stress disorder after traffic accident: A resting-state functional MRI study
Gradual acquisition of visuospatial associative memory representations via the dorsal precuneus.
Frequency-specific alterations in intrinsic low-frequency oscillations in newly diagnosed male patients with obstructive sleep apnea
Memory network plasticity after temporal lobe resection: a longitudinal functional imaging study
Neural signatures of emotion regulation
Efficacy of a gamified digital therapy for speech production in people with chronic aphasia (iTalkBetter): behavioural and imaging outcomes of a phase II item-randomised clinical trial
The Language–Number Interface in the Brain: A Complex Parametric Study of Quantifiers and Quantities
A follow-up fMRI study of a transferable placebo anxiolytic effect.
Task relevance modulates the behavioural and neural effects of sensory predictions
Multimodal data fusion of cortical-subcortical morphology and functional network connectivity in psychotic spectrum disorder
Microstructural evaluation of the brain with advanced magnetic resonance imaging techniques in cases of electrical status epilepticus during sleep (ESES)
Emotional intelligence is associated with connectivity within and between resting state networks
Common Brain Substrates Underlying Auditory Speech Priming and Perceived Spatial Separation
Subtle executive deficits are associated with higher brain amyloid burden and lower cortical volume in subjective cognitive decline: the FACEHBI cohort
Neurocognitive evidence for mental imagery-driven hypoalgesic and hyperalgesic pain regulation
"Some like it, some do not: behavioral responses and central processing of olfactory–trigeminal mixture perception"
Dissociation between frontal and temporal-parietal contributions to connected speech in acute stroke
Brain structure variation and individual differences in theory of mind among older adults
Food Addiction Symptoms and Amygdala Response in Fasted and Fed States
Functional neuroanatomy of interoceptive processing in children and adolescents: a pilot study
Brain structural and functional differences between pure menstrual migraine and menstrually-related migraine
Neural correlates underlying change in state self-esteem
Aberrant Resting-State Brain Function in Adolescent Depression
Functional neuroanatomy of arithmetic in monolingual and bilingual adults and children
Default mode network connectivity and treatment response in geriatric depression
Cross-sectional exploration of brain functional connectivity in the triadic development model of adolescents.
Neural correlates of adaptive social responses to real-life frustrating situations: a functional MRI study
EEG upper/low alpha frequency power ratio relates to temporo-parietal brain atrophy and memory performances in mild cognitive impairment
Altered neural oscillations and connectivity in the beta band underlie detail-oriented visual processing in autism
Rapid Rule-Based Reward Reversal and the Lateral Orbitofrontal Cortex
Opposite subgenual cingulate cortical functional connectivity and metabolic activity patterns in refractory melancholic major depression.
Altered intrinsic brain activity in patients with CSF1R-related leukoencephalopathy.
Temporo-frontal activation during phonological processing predicts gains in arithmetic facts in young children
Causal Inference of Body Ownership in the Posterior Parietal Cortex
Comparisons are Odious? The neural basis of in-group and out-group social comparison among game players: An fMRI study.
Amygdala Atrophy and Its Functional Disconnection with the Cortico-Striatal-Pallidal-Thalamic Circuit in Major Depressive Disorder in Females
Immediate neural effects of acupuncture manipulation time for stroke with motor dysfunction: a fMRI pilot study
Altered Value Coding in the Ventromedial Prefrontal Cortex in Healthy Older Adults
Cannabidiol attenuates insular dysfunction during motivational salience processing in subjects at clinical high risk for psychosis
Neural correlates of effort-based behavioral inconsistency.
Structural and Functional Changes in Subcortical Vascular Mild Cognitive Impairment: A Combined Voxel-Based Morphometry and Resting-State fMRI Study
Use of Functional Near Infrared Spectroscopy to Assess Syntactic Processing by Monolingual and Bilingual Adults and Children
Verbal insight revisited: fMRI evidence for early processing in bilateral insulae for solutions with AHA! experience shortly after trial onset
Cerebellar and Cortical Correlates of Internal and External Speech Error Monitoring
Language Control in Diglossic and Bilingual Contexts: An Event-Related fMRI Study Using Picture Naming Tasks.
"A Neural ""Tuning Curve"" for Multisensory Experience and Cognitive-Perceptual Schizotypy."
Coupling of cerebral blood flow and functional connectivity is decreased in healthy aging.
Influence of Mild White Matter Lesions on Voxel-based Morphometry
Abnormal dynamic resting-state brain network organization in auditory verbal hallucination
"Nonlesional diffusely abnormal appearing white matter in clinically isolated syndrome: Prevalence, association with clinical and MRI features, and risk for conversion to multiple sclerosis."
Activity in superior parietal cortex during training by observation predicts asymmetric learning levels across hands
Potential gray matter unpruned in adolescents and young adults dependent on dextromethorphan-containing cough syrups: evidence from cortical and subcortical study.
Characteristics of resting state functional connectivity of motor cortex of high fitness level college students: Experimental evidence from functional near infrared spectroscopy (fNIRS)
Coping With Anxiety: Brain Structural Correlates of Vigilance and Cognitive Avoidance
Decreased Default Mode Network connectivity correlates with age-associated structural and cognitive changes
Updating working memory in aircraft noise and speech noise causes different fMRI activations
Association between regional white and gray matter volume and ambiguity tolerance: Evidence from voxel-based morphometry.
Faded Critical Dynamics in Adult Moyamoya Disease Revealed by EEG and fMRI
Cultural differences in neurocognitive mechanisms underlying believing.
“Hit the missing stimulus”. A simultaneous EEG-fMRI study to localize the generators of endogenous ERPs in an omitted target paradigm
Corticostriatal activity related to performance during continuous de novo motor learning
Abnormal Brain Structure Is Associated with Social and Communication Deficits in Children with Autism Spectrum Disorder: A Voxel-Based Morphometry Analysis
Looking the part (to me): effects of racial prototypicality on race perception vary by prejudice
Functional neuroimaging effects of recently discovered genetic risk loci for schizophrenia and polygenic risk profile in five RDoC subdomains
Functional and morphological correlates of developmental dyslexia: A multimodal investigation of the ventral occipitotemporal cortex.
Evidence for a virtual human analog of a rodent relational memory task: a study of aging and fMRI in young adults.
"Prevalence of increases in functional connectivity in visual, somatosensory and language areas in congenital blindness"
"Spectral dynamic causal modeling of mindfulness, mind-wandering, and resting-state in the triple network using fMRI"
Emotion self-regulation training in major depressive disorder using simultaneous real-time fMRI and EEG neurofeedback
Working memory during spontaneous migraine attacks: an fMRI study
Occipital cortex is modulated by transsaccadic changes in spatial frequency: an fMRI study
Two Distinct Ipsilateral Cortical Representations for Individuated Finger Movements
Episodic memory for visual scenes suggests compensatory brain activity in breast cancer patients: a prospective longitudinal fMRI study.
Altered Function of Ventral Striatum during Reward-Based Decision Making in Old Age
Cocaine-associated odor cue re-exposure increases blood oxygenation level dependent signal in memory and reward regions of the maternal rat brain.
"Multi-echo fMRI, resting-state connectivity, and high psychometric schizotypy"
Abnormal temporal lobe white matter as a biomarker for genetic risk of bipolar disorder.
Comparison of Human Social Brain Activity During Eye-Contact With Another Human and a Humanoid Robot
Bringing the real world into the fMRI scanner: Repetition effects for pictures versus real objects
A Data-Based Approach for Selecting Pre- and Intra-Operative Language Mapping Tasks
The Role of Medial Frontal Cortex in Action Anticipation in Professional Badminton Players
Females and Males Rely on Different Cortical Regions in Raven’s Matrices Reasoning Capacity: Evidence from a Voxel-Based Morphometry Study
Distinct Neural Correlates of Executive Function by Amyloid Positivity and Associations with Clinical Progression in Mild Cognitive Impairment
Reduced feelings of regret and enhanced fronto-striatal connectivity in elders with long-term Tai Chi experience
Does Side of Onset Influence the Pattern of Cerebral Atrophy in Parkinson’s Disease?
Brain Correlates of Eating Disorders in Response to Food Visual Stimuli: A Systematic Narrative Review of FMRI Studies
Abnormal Functional and Structural Connectivity of Amygdala-Prefrontal Circuit in First-Episode Adolescent Depression: A Combined fMRI and DTI Study
Dynamic Causal Modeling of the Cortical Responses to Wrist Perturbations
Categorizing human vocal signals depends on an integrated auditory‐frontal cortical network
Leveraging the effector independent nature of motor imagery when it is paired with physical practice
"Divergent subcortical activity for distinct executive functions: stopping and
shifting in obsessive compulsive disorder"
Functional network integration and attention skills in young children
Default mode network connectivity and social dysfunction in children with Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder
Functional connectivity of motor cortical network in patients with brachial plexus avulsion injury after contralateral cervical nerve transfer: a resting-state fMRI study
A Correlational Study between Microstructural White Matter Properties and Macrostructural Gray Matter Volume Across Normal Ageing: Conjoint DTI and VBM Analysis
Interactions between phasic alerting and consciousness in the fronto-striatal network
Cognitive Function and Serum Hormone Levels Are Associated with Gray Matter Volume Decline in Female Patients with Prolactinomas
Brain alterations in adolescents with first-episode depression who have experienced adverse events: evidence from resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging
Does hand modulate the reshaping of the attentional system during rightward prism adaptation? An fMRI study
Cerebral response to emotional working memory based on vocal cues: an fNIRS study
Capturing Neuroplastic Changes after iTBS in Patients with Post-Stroke Aphasia: A Pilot fMRI Study
Diversity of Grammars and Their Diverging Evolutionary and Processing Paths: Evidence From Functional MRI Study of Serbian
Resting-state functional connectivity between the dorsal anterior cingulate cortex and thalamus is associated with risky decision-making in nicotine addicts
Enhanced memory and hippocampal connectivity in humans 2 days after brief resistance exercise
Altered Neural Correlate of the Self-Agency Experience in First-Episode Schizophrenia-Spectrum Patients: An fMRI Study.
Verbal adynamia in parkinsonian syndromes: behavioral correlates and neuroanatomical substrate
Framing and self-responsibility modulate brain activities in decision escalation
Prefrontal and anterior cingulate cortex abnormalities in Tourette Syndrome: evidence from voxel-based morphometry and magnetization transfer imaging
On the Relationship Between White Matter Structure and Subjective Pain. Lessons From an Acute Surgical Pain Model
Striatal Dopaminergic Depletion Pattern Reflects Pathological Brain Perfusion Changes in Lewy Body Diseases
Altered intrinsic insular activity predicts symptom severity in unmedicated obsessive-compulsive disorder patients: a resting state functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Evidence for Integrated Visual Face and Body Representations in the Anterior Temporal Lobes.
Auditory Categorization of Man-Made Sounds Versus Natural Sounds by Means of MEG Functional Brain Connectivity
A Triple Network Connectivity Study of Large-Scale Brain Systems in Cognitively Normal APOE4 Carriers
The Effects of Music Intervention on Pallidum-DMN Circuit of Schizophrenia
Neural and behavioral correlates of inhibitory control in youths with varying levels of irritability.
Resting-state functional connectivity predicts motor cortex stimulation-dependent pain relief in fibromyalgia syndrome patients
Altered spontaneous brain activity in patients with strabismic amblyopia: A resting-state fMRI study using regional homogeneity analysis
The pathophysiology of prospective memory failure after diffuse axonal injury - Lesion-symptom analysis using diffusion tensor imaging
Associating a product with a luxury brand label modulates neural reward processing and favors choices in materialistic individuals
Abnormal reward system network in primary dysmenorrhea
Deep Brain Stimulation of Nucleus Accumbens Region in Alcoholism Affects Reward Processing
Association of Frontal Gray Matter Volume and Cerebral Perfusion in Heroin Addiction: A Multimodal Neuroimaging Study
A comparison of functional activation and connectivity of the cerebellum in adults and children during single word processing.
An fMRI Study of the Brain Network Involved in Teeth Tapping in Elderly Adults
Plasma calcium concentration during detoxification predicts neural cue-reactivity and craving during early abstinence in alcohol-dependent patients
Washing away your sins in the brain: physical cleaning and priming of cleaning recruit different brain networks after moral threat
The role of the IPL in person identification
Simultaneous tDCS-fMRI Identifies Resting State Networks Correlated with Visual Search Enhancement
Neural Mechanisms Underlying Compensatory and Noncompensatory Strategies in Risky Choice.
Postpartum depression and major depressive disorder: the same or not? Evidence from resting-state functional MRI
Brain Structures Associated With Individual Differences in Somatic Symptoms and Emotional Distress in a Healthy Sample
A brain-computer interface for potential non-verbal facial communication based on EEG signals related to specific emotions
The effect of endovascular baroreflex amplification on central sympathetic nerve circuits and cerebral blood flow in patients with resistant hypertension: A functional MRI study
Transient immediate postoperative homotopic functional disconnectivity in low-grade glioma patients
Asymmetric directed functional connectivity within the frontoparietal motor network during motor imagery and execution.
Increased modularity of the resting‐state network in children with nonsyndromic cleft lip and palate after speech rehabilitation
Examining the Neurobiology of Non-Suicidal Self-Injury in Children and Adolescents: The Role of Reward Responsivity
A Neuroimaging Study of Personality Traits and Self-Reflection
Differential Activation Patterns of fMRI in Sleep-Deprived Brain: Restoring Effects of Acupuncture
Identification of lateralized compensatory neural activities within the social brain due to autism spectrum disorder in adolescent males.
Hooked on a thought: Associations between rumination and neural responses to social rejection in adolescent girls
Neural basis of three dimensions of agitated behaviors in patients with Alzheimer disease
Dissociating Effects of Scrambling and Topicalization within the Left Frontal and Temporal Language Areas: An fMRI Study in Kaqchikel Maya
Interactions between the hippocampus and fronto-parietal regions during memory encoding in early childhood.
Recovery from spinal cord injury differs between rat strains in a major histocompatibility complex-independent manner.
Functional resonance magnetic imaging (fMRI) in adolescents with idiopathic musculoskeletal pain: a paradigm of experimental pain
Two-step paretial least square regression classifiers in brain-state decoding using functional magnetic resonance imaging
"Entorhinal Cortex Atrophy in Early, Drug-naive Parkinson’s Disease with Mild Cognitive Impairment"
Maturation of the Human Cerebral Cortex During Adolescence: Myelin or Dendritic Arbor?
Attention Bias of Avoidant Individuals to Attachment Emotion Pictures
A voxel‐based asymmetry study of the relationship between hemispheric asymmetry and language dominance in Wada tested patients
Cue-Reactivity Among Young Adults With Problematic Instagram Use in Response to Instagram-Themed Risky Behavior Cues: A Pilot fMRI Study
Common Neural System for Sentence and Picture Comprehension Across Languages: A Chinese–Japanese Bilingual Study
The relationship between early and recent life stress and emotional expression processing: A functional connectivity study
Functional connectivity impairment of thalamus-cerebellum-scratching neural circuits in pruritus of chronic spontaneous urticaria
Supramodal Representation of the Sense of Body Ownership in the Human Parieto-Premotor and Extrastriate Cortices
Different Patterns of Functional Connectivity Alterations Within the Default-Mode Network and Sensorimotor Network in Basal Ganglia and Pontine Stroke
Gray Matter Alterations Associated With Dissociation in Female Survivors of Childhood Trauma
Altered effective connectivity between lateral occipital cortex and superior parietal lobule contributes to manipulability-related modulation of the Ebbinghaus illusion.
Interactive effects of OXTR and GAD1 on envy-associated behaviors and neural responses
Brain connectivity associated with cascading levels of language
Effective emotion regulation strategies improve fMRI and ECG markers of psychopathology in panic disorder: implications for psychological treatment action
Reconstructing meaning from bits of information
Functional correlates of strategy formation and verbal suppression in Parkinson's disease
Age-Related Changes in Perirhinal Cortex Sensitivity to Configuration and Part Familiarity and Connectivity to Visual Cortex
Effects of Acupuncture at Neiguan in Neural Activity of Related Brain Regions: A Resting-State fMRI Study in Anxiety
The Functional Reorganization of Language Network Modules in Glioma Patients: New Insights From Resting State fMRI Study
New tissue priors for improved automated classification of subcortical brain structures on MRI☆
Distinct Mechanism of Audiovisual Integration With Informative and Uninformative Sound in a Visual Detection Task: A DCM Study
Multivariable pattern classification differentiates relational self-esteem from personal self-esteem
Distinct impaired patterns of intrinsic functional network centrality in patients with early- and late-onset Alzheimer's disease.
Reconfiguration of Directed Functional Connectivity Among Neurocognitive Networks with Aging: Considering the Role of Thalamo-Cortical Interactions.
Three Ways in Which Midline Regions Contribute to Self-Evaluation
Proposers’ Economic Status Affects Behavioral and Neural Responses to Unfairness
Low-Frequency TMS Results in Condition-Related Dynamic Activation Changes of Stimulated and Contralateral Inferior Parietal Lobule
Hypothalamic Responses to Cocaine and Food Cues in Individuals with Cocaine Dependence
Behavioral and fMRI responses to fearful faces are altered in benign childhood epilepsy with centrotemporal spikes (BCECTS).
Mechanisms of cognitive-behavioral therapy for obsessive-compulsive disorder involve robust and extensive increases in brain network connectivity
A Pilot Study Examining Neural Response to Pain in Adolescents With and Without Chronic Pain
"Estrogen, brain structure, and cognition in postmenopausal women"
Neural-level associations of non-verbal pragmatic comprehension in young Finnish autistic adults
Disrupted Coupling Between the Spontaneous Fluctuation and Functional Connectivity in Idiopathic Generalized Epilepsy
The role of the fronto-parietal network in modulating sustained attention under sleep deprivation: an functional magnetic resonance imaging study
The Neural Correlates of the Social Perception Dysfunction in Schizophrenia: An fMRI Study
Aberrant Dynamic Functional Connectivity of Default Mode Network in Schizophrenia and Links to Symptom Severity
Disrupted Regional Homogeneity in Melancholic and Non-melancholic Major Depressive Disorder at Rest
"Suppression, Maintenance, and Surprise: Neuronal Correlates of Predictive Processing Specialization for Musical Rhythm"
The neurocognitive signature of focus alternatives
A serial study of regional cerebral blood flow deficits in patients with left anterior thalamic infarction: anatomical and neuropsychological correlates.
Fast Neural Dynamics of Proactive Cognitive Control in a Task-Switching Analogue of the Wisconsin Card Sorting Test.
Leadership and credition: Followers' neural response to leaders who are perceived as transformational
Neural Correlates of Physical Activity Moderate the Association Between Problematic Mobile Phone Use and Psychological Symptoms
Tinnitus: A Large VBM-EEG Correlational Study
Resting-state causal connectivity of the bed nucleus of the stria terminalis in panic disorder.
Structural brain correlates of fatigue in older adults with and without Parkinson's disease
Neural Activity Associated with Symptoms Change in Depressed Adolescents following Self-Processing Neurofeedback
Developmental Dynamic Dysphasia: Are Bilateral Brain Abnormalities a Signature of Inefficient Neural Plasticity?
The Neural Architecture of the Language Comprehension Network: Converging Evidence from Lesion and Connectivity Analyses
A preliminary fMRI study of analgesic treatment in chronic back pain and knee osteoarthritis
Neural correlates of attachment in adolescents with trauma: a preliminary study on frustrative non-reward
Training-Specific Changes in Regional Spontaneous Neural Activity Among Professional Chinese Chess Players
Higher midlife CAIDE score is associated with increased brain atrophy in a cohort of cognitively healthy middle-aged individuals
Intrinsic Connectivity and Family Dynamics: Striatolimbic Markers of Risk and Resilience in Youth at Familial Risk for Mood Disorders.
Altered intra- and inter-network functional connectivity in patients with persistent postural-perceptual dizziness
Longitudinal changes in DLPFC activation during childhood are related to decreased aggression following social rejection
Effects of substance misuse on inhibitory control in patients with attention‐deficit/hyperactivity disorder
Brain network excitatory/inhibitory imbalance is a biomarker for drug-naive Rolandic epilepsy: A radiomics strategy.
Connectivity of Default-Mode Network Is Associated with Cerebral Edema in Hepatic Encephalopathy
Impaired regulation of emotion: neural correlates of reappraisal and distraction in bipolar disorder and unaffected relatives
Fractional amplitude of low‐frequency fluctuation changes of specific cerebral regions in patients with toothache: A functional magnetic resonance imaging study
A functional network perspective on response inhibition and attentional control
Neural correlates of visual attention during risky decision evidence integration
Effects of early ketamine exposure on cerebral gray matter volume and functional connectivity
Abnormal functional connectivity and degree centrality in anterior cingulate cortex in patients with long-term sensorineural hearing loss.
How distributed processing produces false negatives in voxel-based lesion-deficit analyses
Reward-Related Responses and Tonic Craving in Cocaine Addiction: An Imaging Study of the Monetary Incentive Delay Task
Overlapping frontoparietal networks in response to oculomotion and traumatic autobiographical memory retrieval: implications for eye movement desensitization and reprocessing
Probabilistic mapping of thalamic nuclei and thalamocortical functional connectivity in idiopathic generalised epilepsy
Brain structural alterations associated with young women with subthreshold depression
Alteration of spontaneous brain activity in COPD patients
Positive risk taking and neural sensitivity to risky decision making in adolescence
Connectivity pattern differences bilaterally in the cerebellum posterior lobe in healthy subjects after normal sleep and sleep deprivation: a resting-state functional MRI study
Nutrient biomarkers shape individual differences in functional brain connectivity: Evidence from omega-3 PUFAs.
"Associations Between Brain Structural Alterations, Executive Dysfunction, and General Psychopathology in a Healthy and Cross-Diagnostic Adult Patient Sample"
The role of the subgenual anterior cingulate cortex in dorsomedial prefrontal–amygdala neural circuitry during positive‐social emotion regulation
Naltrexone during pain conditioning: A double-blind placebo-controlled experimental trial
Altered neural responses to social fairness in bipolar disorder
Grey and white matter abnormalities in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: a case–control study
Differential effects of hunger and satiety on insular cortex and hypothalamic functional connectivity
Unreliable Evidence: 2 Sources of Uncertainty During Perceptual Choice
Alterations of brain local functional connectivity in amnestic mild cognitive impairment
White Matter Abnormalities Correlating with Memory and Depression in Heroin Users under Methadone Maintenance Treatment
Lateralized Contributions of Medial Prefrontal Cortex Network to Episodic Memory Deficits in Subjects With Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment
Elevated representational similarity of voluntary action and inhibition in Tourette syndrome
White matter microstructure in anorexia nervosa.
Common and distinct neural bases of multiple positive emotion regulation strategies: A functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Dorsolateral prefrontal activity supports a cognitive space organization of cognitive control
I know why the caged bird sings: Distress tolerant individuals show greater resting state connectivity between ventromedial prefrontal cortex and right amygdala as a function of higher vagal tone.
"A compact and realistic cerebral cortical layout derived from prewhitened resting-state fMRI time series: Cherniak's adjacency rule, size law, and metamodule grouping upheld"
Neural Correlates Predicting Lane-Keeping and Hazard Detection: An fMRI Study Featuring a Pedestrian-Rich Simulator Environment
Diurnal Microstructural Variations in Healthy Adult Brain Revealed by Diffusion Tensor Imaging
"Brain, Behavior, and Cognitive Interplay in Disorders of Consciousness: A Multiple Case Study"
Patients with sickle-cell disease exhibit greater functional connectivity and centrality in the locus coeruleus compared to anemic controls
Enhancing Executive Function and Neural Health in Bipolar Disorder through Reasoning Training
The influence of pitcher handedness on pitch-calling behavior: Insights from fMRI study on baseball umpires.
Motor Sequence Learning Deficits in Idiopathic Parkinson’s Disease Are Associated With Increased Substantia Nigra Activity
Altered canonical and striatal-frontal resting state functional connectivity in children with pathogenic variants in the Ras/mitogen-activated protein kinase pathway
Identification of Brain Regions with Enhanced Functional Connectivity with the Cerebellum Region in Children with Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Neural substrates of anorexia nervosa patient’s deficits to decode emotional information
Altered Resting Functional Connectivity Is Related to Cognitive Outcome in Males With Moderate-Severe Traumatic Brain Injury
White Matter Abnormalities in Post-traumatic Stress Disorder Following a Specific Traumatic Event
Voxel-based analysis of whole brain FLAIR at 3T detects focal cortical dysplasia.
Alterations in Regional Brain Regional Volume Associated with Dioxin Exposure in Men Living in the Most Dioxin-Contaminated Area in Vietnam: Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) Analysis Using Voxel-Based Morphometry (VBM)
Neural response to stress differs by sex in young adulthood.
Neural correlates of socio-emotional perception in 22q11.2 deletion syndrome
Length of Acupuncture Training and Structural Plastic Brain Changes in Professional Acupuncturists
Increased structural covariance in brain regions for number processing and memory in children with developmental dyscalculia
Decrease in fMRI brain activation during working memory performed after sleeping under 10 lux light
Neural responses to heartbeats distinguish self from other during imagination
Predicting Treatment Response in Depression: The Role of Anterior Cingulate Cortex
Assessing Cognitive Abilities of Patients With Shift Work Disorder: Insights From RBANS and Granger Causality Connections Among Resting-State Networks
Altered functional connectivity of the thalamus in tinnitus patients is correlated with symptom alleviation after sound therapy.
Cerebellar resting-state functional connectivity in Parkinson's disease and multiple system atrophy: Characterization of abnormalities and potential for differential diagnosis at the single-patient level
Unconsciously Perceived Fear in Peripheral Vision Alerts the Limbic System: A MEG Study
Association of childhood trauma with cognitive impairment and structural brain alterations in remitted patients with bipolar disorder.
Mechanisms of Creativity Differences Between Art and Non-art Majors: A Voxel-Based Morphometry Study
Aberrant brain oscillatory coupling from the primary motor cortex in children with autism spectrum disorders
Punishment cost affects third-parties' behavioral and neural responses to unfairness.
Uncover the Offensive Side of Disparagement Humor: An fMRI Study
Differences in the amplitude of low‐frequency fluctuation between methamphetamine and heroin use disorder individuals: A resting‐state fMRI study
"Sign‐tracking modulates reward‐related neural activation to reward cues, but not reward feedback"
Backward masking reveals coarse-to-fine dynamics in human V1.
Decoding natural scenes based on sounds of objects within scenes using multivariate pattern analysis.
Psychopathological Syndromes Across Affective and Psychotic Disorders Correlate With Gray Matter Volumes.
Temptations of friends: adolescents’ neural and behavioral responses to best friends predict risky behavior
Gray matter volume alterations in patients with strabismus and amblyopia: voxel-based morphometry study
Neural Mechanisms of Intermodal Sustained Selective Attention with Concurrently Presented Auditory and Visual Stimuli
Disconnection of the hippocampus and amygdala associated with lesion load in relapsing–remitting multiple sclerosis: a structural and functional connectivity study
Neural correlates of ambient thermal sensation: An fMRI study
Functional connectivity correlates of reduced goal-directed behaviors in behavioural variant frontotemporal dementia
Potential Neural Mediators of Mom Power Parenting Intervention Effects on Maternal Intersubjectivity and Stress Resilience
Differences in Hearing Acuity among “Normal-Hearing” Young Adults Modulate the Neural Basis for Speech Comprehension
Tracking resting-state functional connectivity changes and mind wandering: A longitudinal neuroimaging study.
Longitudinal change in neural response to vocal emotion in adolescence
Adaptation of cortical activity to sustained pressure stimulation on the fingertip
The medial temporal lobe functional connectivity patterns associated with forming different mental representations.
The Comorbidity Between Internet Gaming Disorder and Depression: Interrelationship and Neural Mechanisms
Human brain activity and functional connectivity associated with verbal long-term memory consolidation across 1 month
Comparing reappraisal and acceptance strategies to understand the neural architecture of emotion regulation: a meta-analytic approach
Default mode and dorsal attention network involvement in visually guided motor sequence learning.
Cerebral neurovascular alterations in stable chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: a preliminary fMRI study
Altered intrinsic brain activity and functional connectivity in COVID-19 hospitalized patients at 6-month follow-up
Whole-brain high in-plane resolution fMRI using accelerated EPIK for enhanced characterisation of functional areas at 3T
Altered Intra- and Interregional Synchronization in Resting-State Cerebral Networks Associated with Chronic Tinnitus
Item-Level Scores on the Boston Naming Test as an Independent Predictor of Perirhinal Volume in Individuals with Mild Cognitive Impairment
Modulation of Auditory Cortex Response to Pitch Variation Following Training with Microtonal Melodies
Exploring the neural correlates of self-related names in healthy subjects
High-Frequency rTMS of the Motor Cortex Modulates Cerebellar and Widespread Activity as Revealed by SVM
Self-Positivity or Self-Negativity as a Function of the Medial Prefrontal Cortex
Structural and Functional Alterations in the Contralesional Medial Temporal Lobe in Glioma Patients
Two Sides of Theory of Mind: Mental State Attribution to Moving Shapes in Paranoid Schizophrenia Is Independent of the Severity of Positive Symptoms
Movement errors during skilled motor performance engage distinct prediction error mechanisms
Spontaneous brain activity following fear reminder of fear conditioning by using resting-state functional MRI
Neural substrates of subphonemic variation and lexical competition in spoken word recognition.
Brain Structural Alterations in Left-Behind Children: A Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Neuroanatomical findings in isolated REM sleep behavior disorder and early Parkinson’s disease: a Voxel-based morphometry study
"Walking indoors, walking outdoors: an fMRI study"
Neural effects of hand-grip-activity induced fatigue sensation on appetite: a magnetoencephalography study
Functional Connectivity Underlying Symptoms in Preschool Boys With Autism: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Aberrant interhemispheric functional connectivity in major depressive disorder with and without anhedonia
Altered Large-Scale Resting-State Functional Network Connectivity in Convergence Insufficiency Young Adults Compared With Binocularly Normal Controls
The neural correlates for spatial language: Perspective-dependent and -independent relationships in American Sign Language and spoken English
fMRI Evidence of Magnitude Manipulation during Numerical Order Processing in Congenitally Deaf Signers
The Relationship between Side of Onset and Cerebral Regional Homogeneity in Parkinson's Disease: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Static and dynamic functional connectivity variability of the anterior-posterior hippocampus with subjective cognitive decline
Neural correlates of attention bias to masked facial threat cues: Examining children at-risk for social anxiety disorder
The effects of nicotine and cannabis co-use during adolescence and young adulthood on white matter cerebral blood flow estimates.
Pathophysiology of the behavioral variant of frontotemporal lobar degeneration: A study combining MRI and FDG-PET.
Interplay between midbrain and dorsal anterior cingulate regions arbitrates lingering reward effects on memory encoding
A Generalizable Multivariate Brain Pattern for Interpersonal Guilt.
Orthographic Contamination of Broca’s Area
Sharing self-related information is associated with intrinsic functional connectivity of cortical midline brain regions
Reduced gray matter volume and respiratory dysfunction in Parkinson’s disease: a voxel-based morphometry study
Outcomes at 6 months are related to brain structural and white matter microstructural reorganization in idiopathic tinnitus patients treated with sound therapy
Altered intrinsic local activity and cognitive dysfunction in HIV patients: A resting-state fMRI study
"Irregular sleep habits, regional grey matter volumes, and psychological functioning in adolescents"
When action prediction grows old: An fMRI study
A Comparison Between the Performances of Verbal and Nonverbal Fluency Tests in Discriminating Between Mild Cognitive Impairments and Alzheimer’s Disease Patients and Their Brain Morphological Correlates
Exploring Differences in Speech Processing Among Older Hearing-Impaired Listeners With or Without Hearing Aid Experience: Eye-Tracking and fMRI Measurements
Excitatory repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation induces improvements in chronic post-stroke aphasia
Pain-Related Brain Activity Evoked by Active and Dynamic Arm Movement: Delayed-Onset Muscle Soreness as a Promising Model for Studying Movement-Related Pain in Humans
Social identity shapes social valuation: evidence from prosocial behavior and vicarious reward
Cortical grey matter volume differences in children with developmental coordination disorder compared to typically developing children
"
Introspective Minds: Using ALE Meta-Analyses to Study Commonalities in the Neural Correlates of Emotional Processing, Social & Unconstrained Cognition"
"The Functional Convergence and Heterogeneity of Social, Episodic, and Self-Referential Thought in the Default Mode Network"
I am happy for us: Neural processing of vicarious joy when winning for parents versus strangers
The Cortical Organization of Syntactic Processing Is Supramodal: Evidence from American Sign Language.
Prospective changes in neural alcohol cue reactivity in at-risk adolescents.
Bilateral Fronto-Parietal Integrity in Young Chronic Cigarette Smokers: A Diffusion Tensor Imaging Study
Separation of phasic arousal and expectancy effects in a speeded reaction time task via fMRI.
The Perception of Musical Spontaneity in Improvised and Imitated Jazz Performances
Large‐scale dynamic causal modeling of major depressive disorder based on resting‐state functional magnetic resonance imaging
Start shallow and grow deep: The development of a Hebrew reading brain.
Neural Correlates of Processing Passive Sentences
Objects tell us what action we can expect: dissociating brain areas for retrieval and exploitation of action knowledge during action observation in fMRI
Identifying brain networks in synaptic density PET (11C-UCB-J) with independent component analysis
Testosterone reactivity is associated with reduced neural response to reward in early adolescence.
Acute Stressors Reduce Neural Inhibition to Food Cues and Increase Eating Among Binge Eating Disorder Symptomatic Women
Spontaneous migraine attack causes alterations in default mode network connectivity: a resting-state fMRI case report
Alcohol- and non-alcohol-related interference: An fMRI study of treatment-seeking adults with alcohol use disorder.
"Small Changes, But Huge Impact? The Right Anterior Insula's Loss of Connection Strength during the Transition of Old to Very Old Age"
Modulating the Focus of Attention for Spoken Words at Encoding Affects Frontoparietal Activation for Incidental Verbal Memory
Central pain modulatory mechanisms of attentional analgesia are preserved in fibromyalgia
Enhancing Brain Connectivity With Infra-Low Frequency Neurofeedback During Aging: A Pilot Study
Failure of Conflict to Modulate Central Executive Network Activity Associated with Delusions in Schizophrenia
Neuronal Specificity of Acupuncture in Alzheimer's Disease and Mild Cognitive Impairment Patients: A Functional MRI Study
"Human threat circuits: Threats of pain, aggressive conspecific, and predator elicit distinct BOLD activations in the amygdala and hypothalamus"
Functional Brain Networks Develop from a “Local to Distributed” Organization
Usefulness of contrast-enhanced multi-detector computed tomography in identifying upper gastrointestinal bleeding: A retrospective study of patients admitted to the emergency department
Alexithymia in Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis and Its Neural Correlates
On the Dynamics of Spatial Updating
From study abroad to study at home: Spontaneous neuronal activity predicts depressive symptoms in overseas students during the COVID-19 pandemic
Brain Activity toward Gaming-Related Cues in Internet Gaming Disorder during an Addiction Stroop Task
The association of sleep and physical activity with integrity of white matter microstructure in bipolar disorder patients and healthy controls.
Brain reactivity using fMRI to insomnia stimuli in insomnia patients with discrepancy between subjective and objective sleep
A difference degree test for comparing brain networks.
Trust as commodity: social value orientation affects the neural substrates of learning to cooperate
Higher order diffusion imaging as a putative index of human sleep-related microstructural changes and glymphatic clearance.
Cocaine-related alterations in fronto-parietal gray matter volume correlate with trait and behavioral impulsivity.
Brain Structural Covariance Network in Asperger Syndrome Differs From Those in Autism Spectrum Disorder and Healthy Controls
Neuroanatomical correlates of system-justifying ideologies: a pre-registered voxel-based morphometry study on right-wing authoritarianism and social dominance orientation
"Synchronization within, and interactions between, the default mode and dorsal attention networks in relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis"
Contribution of the μ‐opioid receptor system to affective disorders in temporal lobe epilepsy: A bidirectional relationship?
A true response of the brain network during electroacupuncture stimulation at scalp acupoints: An fMRI with simultaneous EAS study
Subthalamic nucleus stimulation affects orbitofrontal cortex in facial emotion recognition: a pet study
Aberrant static and dynamic functional network connectivity in heart failure with preserved ejection fraction
Trait anxiety is associated with attentional brain networks.
Altered Functional Connectivity of the Default Mode Network in Low-Empathy Subjects
Irregular Baseline Brain Activity in Coronary Artery Disease Patients with Cognitive Impairment: A Resting-state Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Dynamic Functional Connectivity Change-Point Detection With Random Matrix Theory Inference
Right Frontoinsular Cortex: A Potential Imaging Biomarker to Evaluate T2DM-Induced Cognitive Impairment
Neural Basis of Action Observation and Understanding From First- and Third-Person Perspectives: An fMRI Study
Disrupted Brain Connectivity Networks in Aphasia Revealed by Resting-State fMRI
The neural basis of trait self-esteem revealed by the amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations and resting state functional connectivity.
Accelerated epigenetic age is associated with whole-brain functional connectivity and impaired cognitive performance in older adults
The amygdala's response to face and emotional information and potential category-specific modulation of temporal cortex as a function of emotion
Dopaminergic D2-like receptor stimulation affects attention on contextual information and modulates BOLD activation of extinction-related brain areas
Motion cues modulate responses to emotion in movies
Alterations in brain structure and function in patients with osteonecrosis of the femoral head: a multimodal MRI study
Regular Practice of Autogenic Training Reduces Migraine Frequency and Is Associated With Brain Activity Changes in Response to Fearful Visual Stimuli
Anhedonia correlates with functional connectivity of the nucleus accumbens subregions in patients with major depressive disorder
Structural correlates of Openness and Intellect: Implications for the contribution of personality to creativity.
The neural representation of human versus nonhuman bipeds and quadrupeds
Intrinsic connectivity of anterior temporal lobe relates to individual differences in semantic retrieval for landmarks.
Proprioceptive contribution to oculomotor control in humans
Neural Correlates of Sleep Disturbance in Alzheimer’s Disease: Role of the Precuneus in Sleep Disturbance
Brain development mediates the relationship between self-reported poor parental monitoring and adolescent anxiety
Levodopa improved different motor symptoms in patients with Parkinson's disease by reducing the functional connectivity of specific thalamic subregions
Brain activity of the emotional circuit in Parkinson’s disease patients with freezing of gait
Specific brain imaging alterations underlying autistic traits in children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder
Dynamic local connectivity uncovers altered brain synchrony during propofol sedation
Dysfunctional Noise Cancelling of the Rostral Anterior Cingulate Cortex in Tinnitus Patients
"Ecological Aspects of Phlebotomine Sandflies (Diptera: Psychodidae) from a Cave of the Speleological Province of Bambuí, Brazil"
Altered Brain Function and Causal Connectivity Induced by Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation Treatment for Major Depressive Disorder
Cannabinoid Modulation of Amygdala Subregion Functional Connectivity to Social Signals of Threat
Aberrant Functional Connectivity and Structural Atrophy in Subcortical Vascular Cognitive Impairment: Relationship with Cognitive Impairments
Brain volumes differ between diagnostic groups of violent criminal offenders.
The Association Between Insular Subdivisions Functional Connectivity and Suicide Attempt in Adolescents and Young Adults with Major Depressive Disorder.
The structure of the superior and inferior parietal lobes predicts inter-individual suitability for virtual reality
Task-Based Functional Connectivity and Blood-Oxygen-Level-Dependent Activation During Within-Scanner Performance of Lumbopelvic Motor Tasks: A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Preliminary Report on the Effects of a Low Dose of LSD on Resting-State Amygdala Functional Connectivity.
Differences in gut microbiota correlate with symptoms and regional brain volumes in patients with late-life depression
"Hello, is that me you are looking for? A re-examination of the role of the DMN in social and self relevant aspects of off-task thought"
Dissociable roles of left and right temporoparietal junction in strategic competitive interaction
Cognitive neuroscience using wearable magnetometer arrays: Non-invasive assessment of language function
Acute Posttrauma Resting-State Functional Connectivity of Periaqueductal Gray Prospectively Predicts Posttraumatic Stress Disorder Symptoms.
Voxel-based lesion-symptom mapping of stroke lesions underlying somatosensory deficits
Neurobiological changes of schizotypy: evidence from both volume-based morphometric analysis and resting-state functional connectivity.
"Neuroimaging Metrics of Drug and Food Processing in Cocaine-Dependence, as a Function of Psychopathic Traits and Substance Use Severity"
The anterior cingulate cortex is involved in intero-exteroceptive integration for spatial image transformation of the self-body.
Advanced neuroimaging applied to veterans and service personnel with traumatic brain injury: state of the art and potential benefits.
A face versus non-face context influences amygdala responses to masked fearful eye whites
Distraction and cognitive control independently impact parietal and prefrontal response to pain
Activation of dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in a dual neuropsychological screening test: An fMRI approach
Neural representations of phonology in temporal cortex scaffold longitudinal reading gains in 5- to 7-year-old children.
Differences in working memory coding of biological motion attributed to oneself and others
Prospective memory: the combined impact of cognitive load and task focality
Disrupted Cerebellar Connectivity With the Central Executive Network and the Default-Mode Network in Unmedicated Bipolar II Disorder
The alternations of nucleus accumbent in schizophrenia patients with auditory verbal hallucinations during low-frequency rTMS treatment
Exploration of abnormal dynamic spontaneous brain activity in patients with high myopia via dynamic regional homogeneity analysis
Altered Postcentral Connectivity after Sleep Deprivation Correlates to Impaired Risk Perception: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Altered networks in bothersome tinnitus: a functional connectivity study
Functional connectivity underlying hedonic response to food in female adolescents with atypical AN: the role of somatosensory and salience networks
White Matter Hyperintensities of Bilateral Lenticular Putamen in Patients with Proliferative Diabetic Retinopathy: A Voxel‐based Morphometric Study
A neuroimaging investigation into the role of peripheral metabolic biomarkers in the anticipation of reward in alcohol use.
Preferentially Disrupted Core Hubs Within the Default-Mode Network in Patients With End-Stage Renal Disease: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Functional Connectivity of Pain-Mediated Affect Regulation in Borderline Personality Disorder
Altered Resting-State functional connectivity in the anterior and posterior hippocampus in Post-traumatic stress disorder: The central role of the anterior hippocampus
Shared and specific functional connectivity alterations in unmedicated bipolar and major depressive disorders based on the triple-network model.
Rest but busy: Aberrant resting‐state functional connectivity of triple network model in insomnia
Analysis of Interictal Epileptiform Discharges in Mesial Temporal Lobe Epilepsy Using Quantitative EEG and Neuroimaging
Assessing white matter integrity as a function of abstinence duration in former cocaine-dependent individuals.
Actor or recipient role matters: Neural correlates of self‐serving bias
Resting-state functional connectivity of the cerebellum-cerebrum in older women with depressive symptoms
Subcortical morphometry and psychomotor function in euthymic bipolar disorder with a history of psychosis.
High-beta oscillations at EEG resting state and hyperconnectivity of pain circuitry in fibromyalgia: an exploratory cross-sectional study
Impaired sustained attention in groups at high risk for antisocial personality disorder: A contingent negative variation and standardized low-resolution tomographic analysis study
Gender Differences in Behavioral and Neural Responses to Unfairness Under Social Pressure
Amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation (ALFF) may be associated with cognitive impairment in schizophrenia: a correlation study
Preserved hippocampus activation in normal aging as revealed by fMRI.
"Mental disorders following electrical injuries—A register-based, matched cohort study"
Altered mesocorticolimbic functional connectivity in chronic low back pain patients at rest and following sad mood induction.
Single Center to Evaluate and Compare Anisometropic Amblyopia in Adults Using Blood Oxygenation Level-Dependent Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging and Diffusion Kurtosis Imaging
Functional Integration between Salience and Central Executive Networks: A Role for Action Video Game Experience
Network Localization of Central Hypoventilation Syndrome in Lateral Medullary Infarction.
Network Changes in the Transition from Initial Learning to Well-Practiced Visual Categorization
The Effects of Equine-assisted Activities and Therapy on Resting-state Brain Function in Attention-deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder: A Pilot Study
Disorganized Attachment pattern affects the perception of Affective Touch
CDKL5 deficiency disorder: progressive brain atrophy may be part of the syndrome
Microstates imbalance is associated with a functional dysregulation of the resting-state networks in obsessive-compulsive disorder: a high-density electrical neuroimaging study using the TESS method.
Effects of a cognitive training on spatial learning and associated functional brain activations
Witnessing hateful people in pain modulates brain activity in regions associated with physical pain and reward
"Acute exercise, memory, and neural activation in young adults."
"Enhanced Resting-State Functional Connectivity of the Nucleus Accumbens in First-Episode, Medication-Naïve Patients With Early Onset Schizophrenia"
Brain Surface Area Alterations Correlate With Gait Impairments in Parkinson’s Disease
The interpreter's brain during rest — Hyperconnectivity in the frontal lobe
Abnormal medial temporal activity for bound information during working memory maintenance in patients with schizophrenia.
Association between high levels of body-esteem and increased degree of midcingulate cortex global connectivity: A resting-state fMRI study.
The impact of aging on morphometric changes in the cerebellum: A voxel-based morphometry study
Stuttering Severity Modulates Effects of Non-invasive Brain Stimulation in Adults Who Stutter
Cortical and cerebellar modulation of autonomic responses to loud sounds.
Brain and Behavioral Evidence for Reweighting of Vestibular Inputs with Long-Duration Spaceflight.
Co-exposure risks of pesticides residues and bacterial contamination in fresh fruits and vegetables under smallholder horticultural production systems in Tanzania
Causal manipulation of functional connectivity in a specific neural pathway during behaviour and at rest
The modulation effect of longitudinal acupuncture on resting state functional connectivity in knee osteoarthritis patients
"Neural basis of somatosensory target detection independent of uncertainty, relevance, and reports"
Abnormal neurite orientation dispersion and density imaging of white matter in children with primary nocturnal enuresis
Age-related abnormalities of thalamic shape and dynamic functional connectivity after three hours of sleep restriction
Altered gray matter structural covariance networks at both acute and chronic stages of mild traumatic brain injury.
Increased BOLD Signals in dlPFC Is Associated With Stronger Self-Control in Food-Related Decision-Making
Neuronal effects of glabellar botulinum toxin injections using a valenced inhibition task in borderline personality disorder
Evaluating the impact of cannabis use on thalamic connectivity in youth at clinical high risk of psychosis
"Identification of Visual Attentional Regions of the Temporoparietal Junction in Individual Subjects using a Vivid, Novel Oddball Paradigm"
Lead exposure is associated with functional and microstructural changes in the healthy human brain
Resting-State Cortico-Thalamic-Striatal Connectivity Predicts Response to Dorsomedial Prefrontal rTMS in Major Depressive Disorder
Static and dynamic changes of intrinsic brain local connectivity in internet gaming disorder
Neural Mechanisms of Reading Facial Emotions in Young and Older Adults
Childhood adversity is linked to differential brain volumes in adolescents with alcohol use disorder: a voxel-based morphometry study
Comparing CAT12 and VBM8 for Detecting Brain Morphological Abnormalities in Temporal Lobe Epilepsy
Applying a network framework to the neurobiology of reading and dyslexia
Deep brain activation patterns involved in virtual gait without and with a doorway: An fMRI study
Interhemispheric interactions during sentence comprehension in patients with aphasia.
"Broca's Area, Sentence Comprehension, and Working Memory: An fMRI Study"
Locus coeruleus MRI contrast is associated with cortical thickness in older adults
Facial emotion perception abilities are related to grey matter volume in the culmen of cerebellum anterior lobe in drug-naïve patients with first-episode schizophrenia.
The possible neural mechanism of neuropathic pain evoked by motor imagery in pediatric patients with complete spinal cord injury: A preliminary brain structure study based on VBM
Modeling face recognition in the predictive coding framework: A combined computational modeling and functional imaging study.
Functional connectivity supporting the selective maintenance of feature-location binding in visual working memory
Developmental specialization of the left intraparietal sulcus for symbolic ordinal processing.
Decoding Concrete and Abstract Action Representations During Explicit and Implicit Conceptual Processing.
Association between metabolic syndrome and resting-state functional brain connectivity.
Brain responses to positive and negative events in individuals with internet gaming disorder during real gaming
Threatening faces induce fear circuitry hypersynchrony in soldiers with post-traumatic stress disorder
Brain structural changes in schizoaffective disorder compared to schizophrenia and bipolar disorder
Chronic schizophrenia as a brain misconnection syndrome: a white matter voxel-based morphometry study.
The relationship between processing speed and remodeling spatial patterns of intrinsic brain activity in the elderly with different sleep duration
Resting-State Functional Connectivity of the Locus Coeruleus in Humans: In Comparison with the Ventral Tegmental Area/Substantia Nigra Pars Compacta and the Effects of Age.
The identification and cognitive correlation of perfusion patterns measured with arterial spin labeling MRI in Alzheimer’s disease
Functional asymmetry and effective connectivity of the auditory system during speech perception is modulated by the place of articulation of the consonant- A 7T fMRI study
Common and specific dimensions of internalizing disorders are characterized by unique patterns of brain activity on a task of emotional cognitive control.
Development of spatial orientation skills: an fMRI study.
Voxel-based magnetic resonance imaging investigation of poor and preserved clinical insight in people with schizophrenia
Aberrant corticostriatal functional circuits in adolescents with Internet addiction disorder
Microstructural Correlates of Emotional Attribution Impairment in Non-Demented Patients with Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
Topological patterns of motor networks in Parkinson’s disease with different sides of onset: A resting-state-informed structural connectome study
Altered Dynamic Neural Activity in the Default Mode Network in Lung Cancer Patients After Chemotherapy
Increased functional connectivity of the posterior cingulate cortex with the lateral orbitofrontal cortex in depression
Arterial spin labeling reveals disordered cerebral perfusion and cerebral blood flow-based functional connectivity in primary open-angle glaucoma
"Reduced Brain Activity in the Right Putamen as an Early Predictor for Treatment Response in Drug-Naive, First-Episode Schizophrenia"
Interleukin 6 predicts increased neural response during face processing in a sample of individuals with schizophrenia and healthy participants: A functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Motor Cortex Neurostimulation Technologies for Chronic Post-stroke Pain: Implications of Tissue Damage on Stimulation Currents
The effect of repetition on intersubject synchrony assessed with fMRI.
Handedness and language learning disability differentially distribute in progressive aphasia variants.
Emotion Separation Is Completed Early and It Depends on Visual Field Presentation
Loneliness inside of the brain: evidence from a large dataset of resting-state fMRI in young adult
Pathways Activated during Human Asthma Exacerbation as Revealed by Gene Expression Patterns in Blood
Motor Preparation Disrupts Proactive Control in the Stop Signal Task
The effects of laser acupuncture dosage at PC6 (Neiguan) on brain reactivity: a pilot resting-state fMRI study
Spatiotemporal profile of altered neural reactivity to food images in obesity: Reward system is altered automatically and predicts efficacy of weight loss intervention
Frontoparietal and Cingulo-opercular Networks Play Dissociable Roles in Control of Working Memory.
Heritability of neural reactions to social exclusion and prosocial compensation in middle childhood
The neural correlates of agrammatism: Evidence from aphasic and healthy speakers performing an overt picture description task
Gender-related differences in cue-elicited cravings in Internet gaming disorder: The effects of deprivation
Comparative Brain Imaging Reveals Analogous and Divergent Patterns of Species and Face Sensitivity in Humans and Dogs
Alterations of Regional Homogeneity and Functional Connectivity Following Short-Term Mindfulness Meditation in Healthy Volunteers
Decrease in amygdala activity during repeated exposure to spider images predicts avoidance behavior in spider fearful individuals
"Brain alterations of regional homogeneity, degree centrality, and functional connectivity in vulnerable carotid plaque patients with neither clinical symptoms nor routine MRI lesions: A resting-state fMRI study"
Connectome-based predictive modeling of compulsion in obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Brainstem atrophy in the early stage of Alzheimer's disease: a voxel-based morphometry study.
Altered functional brain activity in first-episode major depressive disorder treated with electro-acupuncture: A resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study
"Effects of Cognitive Training on Resting-State Functional Connectivity of Default Mode, Salience, and Central Executive Networks"
Prediction of Facial Emotion Recognition Ability in Patients With First-Episode Schizophrenia Using Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuation-Based Support Vector Regression Model
The functional connectome predicts feeling of stress on regular days and during the COVID-19 pandemic
Can the aberrant occipital-cerebellum network be a predictor of treatment in panic disorder?
"Cerebral gray matter volume reduction in subcortical vascular mild cognitive impairment patients and subcortical vascular dementia patients, and its relation with cognitive deficits"
Some evidence on Gerstmann's syndrome: A case study on a variant of the clinical disorder.
A resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study of altered functional brain activity in cardiac arrest survivors with good neurological outcome
Brain MRI data in Chinese dyslexic children performing an auditory rhyming judgment task
Altered Brain Function Activity in Patients With Dysphagia After Cerebral Infarction: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
The Differences in the Whole-Brain Functional Network between Cantonese-Mandarin Bilinguals and Mandarin Monolinguals
Blunted cardiac stress reactivity relates to neural hypoactivation.
Effect of Vestibular Rehabilitation on Spontaneous Brain Activity in Patients With Vestibular Migraine: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Greater Left Inferior Frontal Activation for SVO than VOS during Sentence Comprehension in Kaqchikel
Decreased Intrinsic Functional Connectivity of the Salience Network in Drug-Naïve Patients With Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder
"It is Not (Always) the Mismatch That Beats You—On the Relationship Between Interaction of Early and Recent Life Stress and Emotion Regulation, an fMRI Study"
Heterogeneous Acupuncture Effects of Taixi (KI3) on Functional Connectivity in Healthy Youth and Elder: A Functional MRI Study Using Regional Homogeneity and Large-Scale Functional Connectivity Analysis
Neural signature of error processing in major depression
New brain lesions with no impact on physical disability can impact cognition in early multiple sclerosis: A ten-year longitudinal study
Functional anomalies in healthy individuals with a first degree family history of major depressive disorder
Cognitive Function and Brain Atrophy Predict Non-pharmacological Efficacy in Dementia: The Mihama-Kiho Scan Project2
The neural underpinnings of facial emotion recognition in ischemic stroke patients
Acoustic neuroma: correlations between morphology and otoneurological manifestations.
Hippocampal Functioning and Verbal Associative Memory in Adolescents with Congenital Hypothyroidism
Longitudinal multimodal MRI as prognostic and diagnostic biomarker in presymptomatic familial frontotemporal dementia
Revealing the spatiotemporal brain dynamics of covert speech compared with overt speech: A simultaneous EEG-fMRI study.
Neurophysiological evidence for whole form retrieval of complex derived words: a mismatch negativity study
Functional Changes in the Human Auditory Cortex in Ageing
Changes in Brain Responses to Music and Non-music Sounds Following Creativity Training Within the “Different Hearing” Program
Dynamic Network Connectivity Reveals Markers of Response to Deep Brain Stimulation in Parkinson’s Disease
Potential dynamic regional brain biomarkers for early discrimination of autism and language development delay in toddlers
Reduced Intrinsic Connectivity of Amygdala in Adults with Major Depressive Disorder
Neural correlates of victimization in psychosis: differences in brain response to angry faces
Is dorsal anterior cingulate cortex activation in response to social exclusion due to expectancy violation? An fMRI study
Altered Recruitment of the Attention Network Is Associated with Disability and Cognitive Impairment in Pediatric Patients with Acquired Brain Injury
"“It's Not What You Say, But How You Say it”: A Reciprocal Temporo-frontal Network for Affective Prosody"
Sex Differences in Resting-State Functional Connectivity of the Cerebellum in Autism Spectrum Disorder
Altered Effective Connectivity of Central Autonomic Network in Response to Negative Facial Expression in Adults With Cannabis Use Disorder.
An individualized functional magnetic resonance imaging protocol to assess semantic congruency effects on episodic memory in an aging multilingual population
Increased activation in the bilateral anterior insulae in response to others in pain in mothers compared to non-mothers
"Fear conditioning, persistence of disruptive behavior and psychopathic traits: an fMRI study"
An fMRI examination of the neural basis of suicide attempts: The role of mentalizing in the context of mood
Multiple-Network Alterations in Major Depressive Disorder With Gastrointestinal Symptoms at Rest Revealed by Global Functional Connectivity Analysis
Investigation of Altered Spontaneous Brain Activities in Patients With Moyamoya Disease Using Percent Amplitude of Fluctuation Method: A Resting-State Functional MRI Study
Exploration of Hippocampal Functional Connectivity Alterations in Patients with High Myopia via Seed-Based Functional Connectivity Analysis
Early Cannabis Use and Neurocognitive Risk: A Prospective Functional Neuroimaging Study.
Conflict- and error-related theta activities are coupled to BOLD signals in different brain regions.
Cortical Function in Acute Severe Traumatic Brain Injury and at Recovery: A Longitudinal fMRI Case Study
Diffusion kurtosis imaging and diffusion tensor imaging parameters applied to white matter and gray matter of patients with anti-N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor encephalitis
Altered Brain Morphometry in Cerebral Small Vessel Disease With Cerebral Microbleeds: An Investigation Combining Univariate and Multivariate Pattern Analyses
Preliminary Evidence for Training-Induced Changes of Morphology and Phantom Limb Pain
White Matter Abnormalities Associated With Subsyndromal Psychotic-Like Symptoms Predict Later Social Competence in Children and Adolescents.
Altered reward processing underpins emotional apathy in dementia
Reading acceleration training changes brain circuitry in children with reading difficulties
The Somatotopy of Mental Tactile Imagery
Comparative Effects of Repetitive Odor Identification and Odor Memory Tasks on Olfactory Engagement in Older Populations – A Pilot fMRI Study
Levodopa alters resting-state functional connectivity more selectively in Parkinson's disease with freezing of gait.
Altered Resting-State Brain Activity in Schizophrenia and Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder Compared With Non-psychiatric Controls: Commonalities and Distinctions Across Disorders
Failure to Affect Decision Criteria During Recognition Memory With Continuous Theta Burst Stimulation
Effects of Sub-threshold Transcutaneous Auricular Vagus Nerve Stimulation on Cingulate Cortex and Insula Resting-state Functional Connectivity
The Brain Alteration of Seafarer Revealed by Activated Functional Connectivity Mode in fMRI Data Analysis
In silico prediction of ARB resistance: A first step in creating personalized ARB therapy
Eight Weddings and Six Funerals: An fMRI Study on Autobiographical Memories
Perfusion Imaging of Fatigue and Time-on-Task Effects in Patients With Parkinson’s Disease
Posterior Cingulate and Lateral Parietal Gray Matter Volume in Older Adults with Depressive Symptoms
Language reorganization after resection of low-grade gliomas: an fMRI task based connectivity study.
Common and separable neural alterations in substance use disorders: A coordinate‐based meta‐analyses of functional neuroimaging studies in humans
Characterization of the hemodynamic response function in white matter tracts for event-related fMRI
Neural responses to monetary incentives in bipolar disorder
Brain functional changes in perimenopausal women: an amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation study
Altruistic responses to the most vulnerable involve sensorimotor processes
Longitudinal functional connectivity changes related to dopaminergic decline in Parkinson’s disease
Inflammation is associated with decreased functional connectivity within corticostriatal reward circuitry in depression
Acupuncture Modulates Resting State Hippocampal Functional Connectivity in Alzheimer Disease
The effects of age on cerebral responses to self-initiated actions during social interactions: An exploratory study.
Frequency-Specific Changes in the Fractional Amplitude of the Low-Frequency Fluctuations in the Default Mode Network in Medication-Free Patients With Bipolar II Depression: A Longitudinal Functional MRI Study
The Inter-Regional Connectivity Within the Default Mode Network During the Attentional Processes of Internal Focus and External Focus: An fMRI Study of Continuous Finger Force Feedback
Examining the functional activity of different obsessive–compulsive symptom dimensions in Tourette syndrome
Mismatch negativity generation in the human 5HT2A agonist and NMDA antagonist model of psychosis
"Women and health providers’ perspectives on male support for cervical cancer screening in Gwanda district, Zimbabwe"
Theory of Mind and the Whole Brain Functional Connectivity: Behavioral and Neural Evidences with the Amsterdam Resting State Questionnaire
Dopaminergic function in depressed patients with affective flattening or with impulsivity: [18F]fluoro-L-dopa positron emission tomography study with voxel-based analysis.
Rapid Cortical Plasticity Induced by Active Associative Learning of Novel Words in Human Adults
Changes in cerebral blood flow after cognitive behavior therapy in patients with panic disorder: a SPECT study
Neural correlates of individual differences in anxiety sensitivity: an fMRI study using semantic priming.
Following the Majority: Social Influence in Trusting Behavior
Abnormal Functional Connectivity Density in Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
Acute Modulation of Brain Connectivity in Parkinson Disease after Automatic Mechanical Peripheral Stimulation: A Pilot Study
Attentional processes in typically developing children as revealed using brain event-related potentials and their source localization in Attention Network Test
Alterations of Dynamic Regional Homogeneity in Trigeminal Neuralgia: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Automated normalized FLAIR imaging in MRI-negative patients with refractory focal epilepsy.
Insight and emotion regulation in schizophrenia: A brain activation and functional connectivity study
Neural Dynamics of Improved Bimodal Attention and Working Memory in Musically Trained Children
Alterations in metamemory capacity and neural correlates in a subtype of subjective cognitive decline
Concurrent TMS-fMRI for causal network perturbation and proof of target engagement.
Interhemispheric Functional Connectivity Alterations in Diabetic Optic Neuropathy: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Decoding sound categories based on whole-brain functional connectivity patterns.
Decreased Intrinsic Neural Timescales in Mesial Temporal Lobe Epilepsy
Altered functional connectivity within default mode network after rupture of anterior communicating artery aneurysm
Network functional connectivity underlying dissociable cognitive and affective components of empathy in adolescence.
Structural and functional neural correlates of spatial navigation: a combined voxel‐based morphometry and functional connectivity study
Dysconnectivity of the medio-dorsal thalamic nucleus in drug-naïve first episode schizophrenia: diagnosis-specific or trans-diagnostic effect?
Neural Effects of Cannabinoid CB1 Neutral Antagonist Tetrahydrocannabivarin on Food Reward and Aversion in Healthy Volunteers
Self‐reported navigation ability is associated with optic flow‐sensitive regions’ functional connectivity patterns during visual path integration
Alterations in cortical volume and complexity in Parkinson's disease with depression
Dissociable patterns of brain activity for mentalizing about known others: a role for attachment
Dynamic brain network configurations during rest and an attention task with frequent occurrence of mind wandering.
Discriminative self-representation sparse regression for neuroimaging-based alzheimer's disease diagnosis.
Identification and comparison of stochastic metabolic/hemodynamic models (sMHM) for the generation of the BOLD signal.
Neuroimaging features of whole‐brain functional connectivity predict attack frequency of migraine
Clinical Utility of Preoperative Bilingual Language fMRI Mapping in Patients with Brain Tumors.
Functional Gradient of the Fusiform Cortex for Chinese Character Recognition
Functional connectivity of amygdala subregions predicts vulnerability to depression following the COVID-19 pandemic
Cognitive performance and brain dynamics during walking with a novel bionic foot: A pilot study
Music-experience-related and musical-error-dependent activations in the brain
Structural Cerebellar Abnormalities and Parkinsonism in Patients with 22q11.2 Deletion Syndrome
Oxytocin curbs calorie intake via food-specific increases in the activity of brain areas that process reward and establish cognitive control
Revealing spatio-spectral electroencephalographic dynamics of musical mode and tempo perception by independent component analysis
Delayed access to conscious processing in multiple sclerosis: Reduced cortical activation and impaired structural connectivity
"Volume of the posterior hippocampus mediates age-related differences in spatial context memory and is correlated with increased activity in lateral frontal, parietal and occipital regions in healthy aging."
Neural representations of the perception of handwritten digits and visual objects from a convolutional neural network compared to humans
Sexual cues alter working memory performance and brain processing in men with compulsive sexual behavior
Effect of Bcl-2 rs956572 Polymorphism on Age-Related Gray Matter Volume Changes
Altered sensorimotor activation patterns in idiopathic dystonia—an activation likelihood estimation meta‐analysis of functional brain imaging studies
Gray Matter Abnormalities in Type 1 and Type 2 Diabetes: A Dual Disorder ALE Quantification
"Resting-State Functional Connectivity and Psychopathology in Klinefelter Syndrome (47, XXY)."
Anterior Cingulate Cortex Activity During Rest Is Related to Alterations in Pain Perception in Aging
White matter diffusion alterations precede symptom onset in autosomal dominant Alzheimer’s disease
Brain Frequency-Specific Changes in the Spontaneous Neural Activity Are Associated With Cognitive Impairment in Patients With Presbycusis
Vicarious punishment of moral violations in naturalistic drama narratives predicts cortical synchronization.
First-Episode Psychotic Patients Showed Longitudinal Brain Changes Using fMRI With an Emotional Auditory Paradigm
An exploratory study of functional brain activation underlying response inhibition in major depressive disorder and borderline personality disorder
Poor ability to resist tempting calorie rich food is linked to altered balance between neural systems involved in urge and self-control
The Effect of Swallowing Action Observation Therapy on Resting fMRI in Stroke Patients with Dysphagia
Sensory acquisition functions of the cerebellum in verbal working memory
Genetic Taster Status as a Mediator of Neural Activity and Swallowing Mechanics in Healthy Adults
Rhythms of Consciousness: Binocular Rivalry Reveals Large-Scale Oscillatory Network Dynamics Mediating Visual Perception
Exploring the Neurocircuitry Underpinning Predictability of Threat in Soldiers with PTSD Compared to Deployment Exposed Controls
Sense of own body shapes neural processes of memory encoding and reinstatement
Childhood urbanicity is associated with emotional episodic memory-related striatal function and common variation in NTRK2
Amygdala network in response to facial expression following neurofeedback training of emotion.
Preschool negative emotionality predicts activity and connectivity of the fusiform face area and amygdala in later childhood
Resting state perfusion in the language network is linked to formal thought disorder and poor functional outcome in schizophrenia
Sex differences in adolescent white matter architecture.
Simulating reading acquisition: The link between reading outcome and multimodal brain signatures of letter–speech sound learning in prereaders
Changes in the superior longitudinal fasciculus and anterior thalamic radiation in the left brain are associated with developmental dyscalculia
Decreased Task-Related HRV Is Associated With Inhibitory Dysfunction Through Functional Inter-Region Connectivity of PFC in Major Depressive Disorder
Observing Plasticity of the Auditory System: Volumetric Decreases Along with Increased Functional Connectivity in Aspiring Professional Musicians
"Abnormal degree centrality can be a potential imaging biomarker in first-episode, drug-naive bipolar mania"
History of Suicide Attempt Is Associated with Reduced Medial Prefrontal Cortex Activity during Emotional Decision-Making among Men with Schizophrenia: An Exploratory fMRI Study
The association between body mass index and brain morphology in children: a population-based study
Altered Brain Functional Connectivity in Betel Quid-Dependent Chewers
Functional magnetic resonance imaging based on Chinese tasks to protect language function in epileptics
Towards a neuro-computational account of prism adaptation
Brain Motor Network Changes in Parkinson's Disease: Evidence from Meta‐Analytic Modeling
Stronger brain activation for own baby but similar activation toward babies of own and different ethnicities in parents living in a multicultural environment
Evaluation of a magnetic resonance-compatible dentoalveolar tactile stimulus device
"Default mode network alterations during implicit emotional faces processing in first-episode, treatment-naive major depression patients"
Speed-related activation in the mesolimbic dopamine system during the observation of driver-view videos
Uncinate fasciculus and its cortical terminals in aphasia after subcortical stroke: A multi-modal MRI study
Schizophrenia alters intra-network functional connectivity in the caudate for detecting speech under informational speech masking conditions
Why Do Most Restrained Eaters Fail in Losing Weight?: Evidence from an fMRI Study
Individual differences in rhythm perception modulate music-related motor learning: a neurobehavioral training study with children
Intellectual prognosis of status epilepticus in adult epilepsy patients: analysis with Wechsler Adult Intelligence Scale-revised.
Mediodorsal and visual thalamic connectivity differ in schizophrenia and bipolar disorder with and without psychosis history.
Functional Connectivity of the Anterior and Posterior Hippocampus: Differential Effects of Glucose in Younger and Older Adults
Altered spontaneous brain activity patterns in patients with unilateral acute open globe injury using amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Neurocognitive and neuroanatomical maturation in the clinical high-risk states for psychosis: A pattern recognition study
Role of insula and its subregions in progression from recent onset to chronic idiopathic tinnitus
Correspondence between structure and function in the human brain at rest
Differentiating Melancholic and Non-melancholic Major Depressive Disorder Using Fractional Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuations
Autism spectrum traits in normal individuals: a preliminary VBM analysis
Lifetime sport practice and brain metabolism in Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
A new generation of magnetoencephalography: Room temperature measurements using optically-pumped magnetometers
Dynamic spectral signatures of mirror movements in the sensorimotor functional connectivity network of patients with Kallmann syndrome
Brainstem processing of cough sensory inputs in chronic cough hypersensitivity
Nurturing the reading brain: home literacy practices are associated with children’s neural response to printed words through vocabulary skills
Emotional imagination of negative situations: Functional neuroimaging in anorexia and bulimia
Altered spontaneous brain activity patterns in diabetic patients with vitreous hemorrhage using amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation: A resting-state fMRI study
A new approach to digitized cognitive monitoring: validity of the SelfCog in Huntington’s disease
Individual brain regulation as learned via neurofeedback is related to affective changes in adolescents with autism spectrum disorder
White matter microstructural and Compulsive Sexual Behaviors Disorder – Diffusion Tensor Imaging study
Neural Basis of Enhanced Executive Function in Older Video Game Players: An fMRI Study
Task Difficulty Modulates the Impact of Emotional Stimuli on Neural Response in Cognitive-Control Regions
Imbalanced sensitivities to primary and secondary rewards in internet gaming disorder
Dyslexic brain activation abnormalities in deep and shallow orthographies: A meta‐analysis of 28 functional neuroimaging studies
Decreased bilateral thalamic gray matter volume in first-episode schizophrenia with prominent hallucinatory symptoms: A volumetric MRI study
Improving Emotion Regulation Through Real-Time Neurofeedback Training on the Right Dorsolateral Prefrontal Cortex: Evidence From Behavioral and Brain Network Analyses
Retention Effects of Long-Term Balance Training with Vibrotactile Sensory Augmentation in Healthy Older Adults
Neural biomarkers for assessing different types of imagery in pictorial health warning labels for cigarette packaging: a cross-sectional study
Mechanisms of Antidepressant Response to Electroconvulsive Therapy Studied With Perfusion Magnetic Resonance Imaging.
Alterations in the Brain Structure and Functional Connectivity in Aquaporin-4 Antibody-Positive Neuromyelitis Optica Spectrum Disorder
Adolescents with a concussion have altered brain network functional connectivity one month following injury when compared to adolescents with orthopedic injuries
Synergistic structural and functional alterations in the medial prefrontal cortex of patients with high-grade gliomas infiltrating the thalamus and the basal ganglia
Influence and interaction of resting state functional magnetic resonance and tryptophan hydroxylase-2 methylation on short-term antidepressant drug response
Cerebellar grey matter modifications in lower limb amputees not using prosthesis
Morphological patterns and spatial probability maps of the superior parietal sulcus in the human brain.
Connectomic and Surface-Based Morphometric Correlates of Acute Mild Traumatic Brain Injury
Functional connectivity is linked to working memory differences in children with reading learning disability
BDNF Genotype Modulates Resting Functional Connectivity in Children
Altered Variability and Concordance of Dynamic Resting-State fMRI Indices in Patients With Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder
The Temporal Evolution of Electromagnetic Markers Sensitive to the Capacity Limits of Visual Short-Term Memory
Intrasubject functional connectivity related to self‐generated thoughts
Altered Brain Structural Reorganization and Hierarchical Integrated Processing in Obesity
Hippocampal connectivity with sensorimotor cortex during volitional finger movements: Laterality and relationship to motor learning
Bilingual experience and resting-state brain connectivity: Impacts of L2 age of acquisition and social diversity of language use on control networks.
Bilateral Rolandic operculum processing underlying heartbeat awareness reflects changes in bodily self-consciousness.
Processes in arithmetic strategy selection: a fMRI study
An fMRI Study of Concreteness Effects during Spoken Word Recognition in Aging. Preservation or Attenuation?
Reversible Brain Abnormalities in People Without Signs of Mountain Sickness During High-Altitude Exposure
Functional dysconnectivity and microstructural impairment of the cortico-thalamo-cortical network in women with rheumatoid arthritis: A multimodal MRI study
MRI gradient-echo phase contrast of the brain at ultra-short TE with off-resonance saturation.
Altered hippocampal functional connectivity patterns in patients with cognitive impairments following ischaemic stroke: A resting-state fMRI study
Image Registration to Compensate for EPI Distortion in Patients with Brain Tumors: An Evaluation of Tract-Specific Effects.
Difference in the functional connectivity of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex between smokers with nicotine dependence and individuals with internet gaming disorder
Aging interferes central control mechanism for eccentric muscle contraction
Disinhibition of Human Primary Somatosensory Cortex After Median Nerve Transection and Reinnervation
Effects of Tai Chi on working memory in older adults: evidence from combined fNIRS and ERP
Differential Functional Connectivity along the Long Axis of the Hippocampus Aligns with Differential Role in Memory Specificity and Generalization.
How embodied is cognition? fMRI and behavioral evidence for common neural resources underlying motor planning and mental rotation of bodily stimuli
Spatiotemporal dipole source localization of face processing ERPs in adolescents: a preliminary study
Betel quid dependence is associated with functional connectivity changes of the anterior cingulate cortex: a resting-state fMRI study
The Dopaminergic Midbrain Mediates an Effect of Average Reward on Pavlovian Vigor.
Correction: Mechanisms of action of Coxiella burnetii effectors inferred from host-pathogen protein interactions
Whole brain 7T‐fMRI during pelvic floor muscle contraction in male subjects
Volumetric Brain Morphometry Changes in Patients with Obstructive Sleep Apnea Syndrome: Effects of CPAP Treatment and Literature Review
Real-time fMRI neurofeedback training of the amygdala activity with simultaneous EEG in veterans with combat-related PTSD
"Social cognition, behaviour and therapy adherence in frontal lobe epilepsy: a study combining neuroeconomic and neuropsychological methods"
Dorsolateral and medial prefrontal cortex mediate the influence of incidental priming on economic decision making in obesity
Cerebral functional asymmetry and phonological performance in dyslexic adults.
"An fMRI investigation of the relations between Extraversion, internalizing psychopathology, and neural activation following reward receipt in the Human Connectome Project sample"
An fMRI Study of Grammatical Morpheme Processing Associated with Nouns and Verbs in Chinese
Learning under social versus nonsocial uncertainty: A meta‐analytic approach
Identifying cortical structure markers of resilience to adversity in young people using surface-based morphometry
Polyunsaturated fatty acid concentration predicts myelin integrity in early-phase psychosis.
Brain and behavioral correlates of insulin resistance in youth with depression and obesity.
Fronto-parietal engagement in response inhibition is inversely scaled with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder symptom severity
Interplay Between the Salience and the Default Mode Network in a Social-Cognitive Task Toward a Close Other
An fMRI study of action observation and action execution in childhood
Brain activity associated with pain in inherited erythromelalgia: stimulus-free pain engages brain areas involved in valuation and learning
Space and Time in Perceptual Causality
Duration of Untreated Psychosis Correlates With Brain Connectivity and Morphology in Medication-Naïve Patients With First-Episode Psychosis.
Maturation of the Language Network: From Inter- to Intrahemispheric Connectivities
Altered white matter integrity in euthymic children with bipolar disorder: A tract-based spatial statistical analysis of diffusion tensor imaging.
Altered Brain Activities Associated with Craving and Cue Reactivity in People with Internet Gaming Disorder: Evidence from the Comparison with Recreational Internet Game Users
Role of local and distant functional connectivity density in the development of minimal hepatic encephalopathy
A meta‐analysis of functional magnetic resonance imaging studies of divergent thinking using activation likelihood estimation
Disrupted resting-state attentional networks in T2DM patients
Combined effects of age and BMI are related to altered cortical thickness in adolescence and adulthood
White matter integrity and key structures affected in Alzheimer's disease characterized by diffusion tensor imaging.
Working memory biases early object discrimination and parietal activity during attentional selection.
Patterns of neural activity in response to threatening faces are predictive of autistic traits: modulatory effects of oxytocin receptor genotype
Don’t Lose Your Brain at Work – The Role of Recurrent Novelty at Work in Cognitive and Brain Aging
Girls' attentive traits associate with cerebellar to dorsal attention and default mode network connectivity.
Cortical Response Variation with Social and Non-Social Affective Touch Processing in the Glabrous and Hairy Skin of the Leg: A Pilot fMRI Study
Structural brain correlates of burnout severity in medical professionals: A voxel-based morphometric study
A Computational Network Control Theory Analysis of Depression Symptoms
Activation of Person Knowledge in Medial Prefrontal Cortex during the Encoding of New Lifelike Events
Adolescent gender differences in neural reactivity to a friend’s positive affect and real-world positive experiences in social contexts
Abnormal Dynamic Functional Connectivity Associated With Subcortical Networks in Parkinson’s Disease: A Temporal Variability Perspective
"Aberrant connectivity in the hippocampus, bilateral insula and temporal poles precedes treatment resistance in first-episode psychosis: a prospective resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study with connectivity concordance mapping"
Bimanual Passive Movement: Functional Activation and Inter-Regional Coupling
Alteration of surface morphology and core features in adolescents with borderline personality disorder.
The Self-Liking Brain: A VBM Study on the Structural Substrate of Self-Esteem
Effective Cerebral Connectivity during Silent Speech Reading Revealed by Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging
Sex Chromosome Dosage Effects on White Matter Structure in the Human Brain.
Neuroplasticity associated with changes in conversational turn-taking following a family-based intervention
Neural tracking of speech mental imagery during rhythmic inner counting
Association of Nucleus Basalis of Meynert Functional Connectivity and Cognition in Idiopathic Rapid-Eye-Movement Sleep Behavior Disorder
Resting State Brain Connectivity After Surgical and Behavioral Weight Loss
A distinction between two instruments measuring dispositional mindfulness and the correlations between those measurements and the neuroanatomical structure
Speech-evoked brain activity is more robust to competing speech when it is spoken by someone familiar.
Changes in cerebral metabolism in patients with a minimally conscious state responding to zolpidem
High Field fMRI Reveals Thalamocortical Integration of Segregated Cognitive and Emotional Processing in Mediodorsal and Intralaminar Thalamic Nuclei
"Multisensory mental imagery of 
fatigue
: Evidence from an fMRI study"
Rethinking recovery in adolescent concussions: Network‐level functional connectivity alterations associated with motor deficits
Cortical thinning and associated connectivity changes in patients with anorexia nervosa
The neural substrates responsible for how trait anxiety affects delay discounting: Right hippocampal and cerebellar connectivity with bistable right inferior parietal lobule.
Priming for novel object associations: Neural differences from object item priming and equivalent forms of recognition.
Reduced hippocampal activation during episodic encoding in middle-aged individuals at genetic risk of Alzheimer's Disease: a cross-sectional study
Effects of dexamphetamine-induced dopamine release on resting-state network connectivity in recreational amphetamine users and healthy controls
Separation of trait and state in stuttering
How the brain encodes morphological constraints during Chinese word reading: An EEG-fNIRS study.
"In Trauma-Exposed Individuals, Self-reported Hyperarousal and Sleep Architecture Predict Resting-State Functional Connectivity in Frontocortical and Paralimbic Regions."
Corticostriatal pathways contribute to the natural time course of positive mood
The Role of the Cerebellum in Skin-Picking Disorder
Altered brain activation during reward anticipation in bipolar disorder
Cross-sectional and longitudinal neural predictors of physical activity and sedentary behaviour from a 6-month randomized controlled trial
A Neural Mechanism for Nonconscious Activation of Conditioned Placebo and Nocebo Responses
Fear in the mind’s eye: the neural correlates of differential fear acquisition to imagined conditioned stimuli
Natural bladder filling alters resting brain function at multiple spatial scales: a proof-of-concept MAPP Network Neuroimaging Study
Amplitude of Low-Frequency Oscillations in First-Episode Drug-Naive Patients with Major Depressive Disorder: A Resting State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Medio‐dorsal thalamic dysconnectivity in chronic knee pain: A possible mechanism for negative affect and pain comorbidity
Neural Mechanisms Underlying Affective Theory of Mind in Violent Antisocial Personality Disorder and/or Schizophrenia.
Frequency characteristics of temporal and spatial concordance among dynamic indices in inattentive and combined subtypes of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder
Positron emission tomography visualized stimulation of the vestibular organ is localized in Heschl's gyrus
Diffusion tensor imaging and tractwise fractional anisotropy statistics: quantitative analysis in white matter pathology
Mild Developmental Foreign Accent Syndrome and Psychiatric Comorbidity: Altered White Matter Integrity in Speech and Emotion Regulation Networks
Overt speech critically changes lateralization index and did not allow determination of hemispheric dominance for language: an fMRI study
Neural evidence of switch processes during semantic and phonetic foraging in human memory
Resting State Functional Connectivity in Patients with Chronic Hallucinations
Common and gender‐specific associations with cocaine use on gray matter volume: Data from the ENIGMA addiction working group
Intracortical Causal Information Flow of Oscillatory Activity (Effective Connectivity) at the Sleep Onset Transition
Auditory perception of ambiguous and non-ambiguous sound in early and late blind children: A functional connectivity study.
"Diffusion Tensor Imaging of Parkinson’s Disease, Multiple System Atrophy and Progressive Supranuclear Palsy: A Tract-Based Spatial Statistics Study"
Neural Mechanisms of Attentional Control Differentiate Trait and State Negative Affect
Distinguishing vigilance decrement and low task demands from mind‐wandering: A machine learning analysis of EEG
Mapping and characterization of positive and negative BOLD responses to visual stimulation in multiple brain regions at 7T.
Brain activity and connectivity differences in reward value discrimination during effort computation in schizophrenia.
Brain structure correlates of expected social threat and reward
Preoperative Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation in Glioma Patients: A Proof of Concept Pilot Study
Cortical Dynamics of Semantic Processing during Sentence Comprehension: Evidence from Event-Related Optical Signals
Serial changes of humor comprehension for four-frame comic Manga: an fMRI study
Left frontal glioma induces functional connectivity changes in syntax-related networks
Multimodal neuroimaging in post-COVID syndrome and correlation with cognition.
Narrow doorways alter brain connectivity and step patterns in isolated REM sleep behaviour disorder
Obsessive Compulsive Disorder Networks: Positron Emission Tomography and Neuropsychology Provide New Insights
The neural correlates of priming emotion and reward systems for conflict processing in alcoholics.
Improving Depressive Symptoms of Post-stroke Depression Using the Shugan Jieyu Capsule: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Investigating Differences in Behavior and Brain in Human-Human and Human-Autonomous Vehicle Interactions in Time-Critical Situations
"Neonatal Pain, Opioid, and Anesthetic Exposure; What Remains in the Human Brain After the Wheels of Time?"
Dynamic causal modeling of cerebello-cerebral connectivity when sequencing trait-implying actions.
Planet earth calling: unveiling the brain’s response to awe and driving eco-friendly consumption
The Effect of Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation of Cerebellar Swallowing Cortex on Brain Neural Activities: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Altered functional connectivity of the ascending reticular activating system in obstructive sleep apnea
"Nouns, verbs, objects, actions, and abstractions: Local fMRI activity indexes semantics, not lexical categories"
Connectome-wide search for functional connectivity locus associated with pathological rumination as a target for real-time fMRI neurofeedback intervention
Watch Out! Magnetoencephalographic Evidence for Early Modulation of Attention Orienting by Fearful Gaze Cueing
Impaired White Matter Integrity and Social Cognition in High-Function Autism: Diffusion Tensor Imaging Study
The relation of object naming and other visual speech production tasks:A large scale voxel-based morphometric study
Impaired functional network properties contribute to white matter hyperintensity related cognitive decline in patients with cerebral small vessel disease
Changes of oscillatory activity in pitch processing network and related tinnitus relief induced by acoustic CR neuromodulation
Nerve Growth Factor Serum Levels Are Associated With Regional Gray Matter Volume Differences in Schizophrenia Patients
Identifying the Representational Structure of Affect Using fMRI
Resting state electrical brain activity and connectivity in fibromyalgia
The Effects of Working Memory Training on Brain Activity
Ketamine modulates fronto-striatal circuitry in depressed and healthy individuals
Social experience calibrates neural sensitivity to social feedback during adolescence: A functional connectivity approach
Reading a Suspenseful Literary Text Activates Brain Areas Related to Social Cognition and Predictive Inference
MRI characteristics of Japanese macaque encephalomyelitis: Comparison to human diseases.
Preoperative pain hypersensitivity is associated with axial pain after posterior cervical spinal surgeries in degenerative cervical myelopathy patients: a preliminary resting-state fMRI study
DNA methylation of the oxytocin receptor interacts with age to impact neural response to social stimuli
"
APOE-ε4 Shapes the Cerebral Organization in Cognitively Intact Individuals as Reflected by Structural Gray Matter Networks"
"Effect of HD-tDCS on white matter integrity and associated cognitive function in chronic schizophrenia: A double-blind, sham-controlled randomized trial."
The obese brain as a heritable phenotype – A combined morphometry and twin study
Mapping the differential impact of spontaneous and conversational laughter on brain and mind: an fMRI study in autism
A simultaneous EEG-fMRI study of thalamic load-dependent working memory delay period activity
"Neural Substrates of Contingency Learning and Executive Control: Dissociating Physical, Valuative, and Behavioral Changes"
Sad faces increase the heartbeat-associated interoceptive information flow within the salience network: a MEG study
Abnormal Functional Connectivity of Posterior Cingulate Cortex Correlates With Phonemic Verbal Fluency Deficits in Major Depressive Disorder
Neural Substrates of Body Ownership and Agency during Voluntary Movement
Common neural dysfunction of economic decision-making across psychiatric conditions.
The association between serotonin transporter availability and the neural correlates of fear bradycardia
Investigation of Involvement between Specific Brain Regions and Evaluation Criteria Elements in a Two-Selections Task
Reduced anterior hippocampal and ventromedial prefrontal activity when repeatedly retrieving autobiographical memories.
Atypical Anxiety-Related Amygdala Reactivity and Functional Connectivity in Sant Mat Meditation
Effects of Combined Intervention of rTMS and Neurotransmitter Drugs on the Brain Functional Networks in Patients with Cognitive Impairment
Sex differences in the intrinsic reading neural networks of Chinese children
Suppression of non-selected solutions as a possible brain mechanism for ambiguity resolution in the word fragment task completion task
Modulating the default mode network: Antidepressant efficacy of transcutaneous electrical cranial-auricular acupoints stimulation targeting the insula.
"Neural Correlates of the Severity of Cocaine, Heroin, Alcohol, MDMA and Cannabis Use in Polysubstance Abusers: A Resting-PET Brain Metabolism Study"
Effects of oxytocin administration and conditioned oxytocin on brain activity: An fMRI study
Hypoconnectivity and Hyperfrontality in Retired American Football Players
Effects of l-theanine–caffeine combination on sustained attention and inhibitory control among children with ADHD: a proof-of-concept neuroimaging RCT
Representation of the inferred relationships in a map‐like space
An fMRI study of finger movements in children with and without dyslexia
Dissociated Grey Matter Changes with Prolonged Addiction and Extended Abstinence in Cocaine Users
Altered regional homogeneity in patients with unilateral acute open-globe injury: a resting-state functional MRI study
Effects of Chronic Tinnitus on Metabolic and Structural Changes in Subjects With Mild Cognitive Impairment
Aging-Sensitive Networks Within the Human Structural Connectome Are Implicated in Late-Life Cognitive Declines.
Hybrid control algorithm for flexible needle steering: Demonstration in phantom and human cadaver
Interaction between Hippocampal and Striatal Systems Predicts Subsequent Consolidation of Motor Sequence Memory
Neuroimaging evidence of visual-vestibular interaction accounting for perceptual mislocalization induced by head rotation
Functional MRI reveals evidence of a self-positivity bias in the medial prefrontal cortex during the comprehension of social vignettes
Disassociated and concurrent structural and functional abnormalities in the drug-naïve first-episode early onset schizophrenia
The effect of long-term methadone maintenance treatment on coupling among three large-scale brain networks in male heroin-dependent individuals: A resting-state fMRI study.
A Crucial Role of the Frontal Operculum in Task-Set Dependent Visuomotor Performance Monitoring
"Abnormal effective connectivity in the sensory network in writer’s
cramp"
Effects of Pet Insects on Cognitive Function among the Elderly: An fMRI Study
Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Connectivity Between Semantic and Phonological Regions of Interest May Inform Language Targets in Aphasia
To err is (perfectly) human: behavioural and neural correlates of error processing and perfectionism
Preserved ability to recognize keywords related to remote events in the absence of retrieval of relevant knowledge: a case of postencephalitic amnesia.
APOE Genotype Effects on Intrinsic Brain Network Connectivity in Patients with Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment
Global white matter microstructural abnormalities associated with addiction liability score in drug naïve youth.
Neural activity and network analysis for understanding reasoning using the matrix reasoning task
An fMRI study on the neural correlates of social conformity to a sexual minority
Altered structural connectome of children with auditory processing disorder: a diffusion MRI study
Abnormal Neural Responses to Emotional Stimuli but Not Go/NoGo and Stroop Tasks in Adults with a History of Childhood Nocturnal Enuresis
Local glutamate in cingulate cortex subregions differentially correlates with affective network activations during face perception.
Cortical atrophy is associated with cognitive impairment in Parkinson's disease: a combined analysis of cortical thickness and functional connectivity.
Anterior insular cortex activity to emotional salience of voices in a passive oddball paradigm
White matter abnormalities in treatment-naive adolescents at the earliest stages of Anorexia Nervosa: A diffusion tensor imaging study.
Altered fractional amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations in the superior temporal gyrus: a resting-state fMRI study in anxious depression
Emotion recognition in individuals with cocaine use disorder: the role of abstinence length and the social brain network.
Sleep deprivation disturbed regional brain activity in healthy subjects: evidence from a functional magnetic resonance-imaging study
Children with cerebral palsy have altered oscillatory activity in the motor and visual cortices during a knee motor task
Sex differences in anhedonia in bipolar depression: a resting-state fMRI study.
Neural Effects of Gender and Age Interact in Reading
Dynamic changes in brain structure in patients with post-traumatic stress disorder after motor vehicle accident: A voxel-based morphometry-based follow-up study
Partial Similarity Reveals Dynamics in Brainstem-Midbrain Networks during Trigeminal Nociception
Individual differences in pain sensitivity are associated with cognitive network functional connectivity following one night of experimental sleep disruption
The influence of semantic associations on sentence production in schizophrenia: an fMRI study.
Why people hesitate to help: Neural correlates of the counter-dynamics of altruistic helping and individual differences in daily helping tendencies
Functional MRI of inhibitory control processing in problematic mobile video gamers.
The Neuronal Correlates of Indeterminate Sentence Comprehension: An fMRI Study
Examining neural responses to anticipating or receiving monetary rewards and the development of binge eating in youth. A registered report using data from the Adolescent Brain Cognitive Development (ABCD) study
Both fine-grained and coarse-grained spatial patterns of neural activity measured by functional MRI show preferential encoding of pain in the human brain.
Neuropharmacological computational analysis of longitudinal electroencephalograms in clozapine-treated patients with schizophrenia using hierarchical dynamic causal modeling.
Blunted Expected Reward Value Signals in Binge Alcohol Drinkers
Effect of the Minor C Allele of CNTN4 rs2619566 on Medial Hypothalamic Connectivity in Early-Stage Patients of Chinese Han Ancestry with Sporadic Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
Comparing adaptive coding of reward in bipolar I disorder and schizophrenia
The Neural Correlates of Spatial and Object Working Memory in Elderly and Parkinson's Disease Subjects
Apathy and brain alterations in Parkinson's disease: a multimodal imaging study
Cognitive and Neuroanatomic Accounts of Referential Communication in Focal Dementia
Neural correlates of sibling closeness and association with externalizing behavior in adolescence
fMRI Evidence for Default Mode Network Deactivation Associated with Rapid Eye Movements in Sleep
The Neural Correlates of Individual Differences in Reinforcement Learning during Pain Avoidance and Reward Seeking
Ipsilateral Putamen and Insula Activation by Both Left and Right GB34 Acupuncture Stimulation: An fMRI Study on Healthy Participants
The corticotopic organization of the human basal forebrain as revealed by regionally selective functional connectivity profiles.
Parametric Representation of Tactile Numerosity in Working Memory
Diffusion imaging of cerebral white matter in persons who stutter: evidence for network-level anomalies
"Donepezil Impairs Memory in Healthy Older Subjects: Behavioural, EEG and Simultaneous EEG/fMRI Biomarkers"
Shared and distinctive neural substrates of generalized anxiety disorder with or without depressive symptoms and their roles in prognostic prediction.
"What shall I be, what must I be: neural correlates of personal goal activation"
Abnormal Intrinsic Brain Activity and Neuroimaging-Based fMRI Classification in Patients With Herpes Zoster and Postherpetic Neuralgia
"A particular effect of sleep, but not pain or depression, on the blood-oxygen-level dependent response during working memory tasks in patients with chronic pain"
Perceived moral traits of others differentiate the neural activation that underlies inequity-aversion
Enhanced Positive Emotional Reactivity Undermines Empathy in Behavioral Variant Frontotemporal Dementia
Gender- and Age-Specific Differences in Resting-State Functional Connectivity of the Central Autonomic Network in Adulthood
Cortical activation changes in patients suffering from post-stroke arm spasticity and treated with botulinum toxin a.
Adolescents’ affective and neural responses to parental praise and criticism
Neural Correlates of Reactive Aggression in Adult Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder
Pituitary Gland Functional Connectivity and BMI
The functional anatomy of verbal initiation and suppression using the Hayling Test.
Degeneration of the Sensorimotor Tract in Degenerative Cervical Myelopathy and Compensatory Structural Changes in the Brain
"Respiratory function modulated during execution, observation, and imagination of walking via SII"
Different memory patterns of digits: a functional MRI study
Neural substrates and behavioral profiles of romantic jealousy and its temporal dynamics
"Personalized Dietary Advice to Increase Protein Intake in Older Adults Does Not Affect the Gut Microbiota, Appetite or Central Processing of Food Stimuli in Community-Dwelling Older Adults: A Six-Month Randomized Controlled Trial"
Altered Gamma Oscillations during Motor Control in Children with Autism Spectrum Disorder
Temporal chunking as a mechanism for unsupervised learning of task-sets
Implicit Affective Rivalry: A Behavioral and fMRI Study Combining Olfactory and Auditory Stimulation
Electronic structure and photophysics of a supermolecular iron complex having a long MLCT-state lifetime and panchromatic absorption
A tale of two targets: examining the differential effects of posterior cingulate cortex- and amygdala-targeted fMRI-neurofeedback in a PTSD pilot study
Theory of mind profile and cerebellar alterations in remitted bipolar disorder 1 and 2: a comparison study
Functional and Structural Brain Abnormalities and Clinical Characteristics of Male Patients with Alcohol Dependence
Single-Trial EEG Connectivity of Default Mode Network Before and During Encoding Predicts Subsequent Memory Outcome
Ethnicity-Dependent Effects of Schizophrenia Risk Variants of the OLIG2 Gene on OLIG2 Transcription and White Matter Integrity.
The neural basis underlying the relation between the action identification level and delay discounting: The medial and orbital frontal cortex functional connectivity with the precuneus.
Encoding and retrieval of landmark-related spatial cues during navigation: an fMRI study.
Working memory task induced neural activation: A simultaneous PET/fMRI study.
The influence of the volumetric composition of the intracranial space on neural activity in healthy subjects: a resting-state functional magnetic resonance study.
Effects of Inflammation on Hippocampus and Substantia Nigra Responses to Novelty in Healthy Human Participants
Altered Functional Connectivity in the Motor and Prefrontal Cortex for Children With Down's Syndrome: An fNIRS Study
The road not taken: Common and distinct neural correlates of regret and relief.
Electrical stimulation reduces smokers’ craving by modulating the coupling between dorsal lateral prefrontal cortex and parahippocampal gyrus
Orienting Attention to Short-Term Memory Representations via Sensory Modality and Semantic Category Retro-Cues
Musical instrument training program improves verbal memory and neural efficiency in novice older adults
Development of functional connectivity within and among the resting-state networks in anesthetized rhesus monkeys.
Maternal Variability of Amplitudes of Frequency Fluctuations Is Related to the Progressive Self–Other Transposition Group Intervention in Autistic Children
Neural encoding and functional interactions underlying pantomimed movements
The awareness of the scared - context dependent influence of oxytocin on brain function.
Treatment Enhances Betweenness Centrality of Fronto-Parietal Network in Parkinson’s Patients
Structural Abnormalities in Early Tourette Syndrome Children: A Combined Voxel-Based Morphometry and Tract-Based Spatial Statistics Study
Brain maps of Iowa gambling task
Microstructural Changes of the Human Brain from Early to Mid-Adulthood
Altered Cingulum Functioning in Major Depressive Disorder Patient With Suicide Attempts: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
The compensatory dynamic of inter-hemispheric interactions in visuospatial attention revealed using rTMS and fMRI
Do shapes have feelings? Social attribution in children with autism spectrum disorder and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder
The Achievement Motive in the Brain: BOLD Responses to Pictures of Challenging Activities Predicted by Implicit Versus Explicit Achievement Motives
Alterations of amygdala volume and functional connectivity in migraine patients comorbid with and without depression
Distinct neural mechanisms underlying conceptual knowledge of manner and instrument verbs.
Is the prefrontal cortex organized by supramodal or modality-specific sensory demands during adolescence?
Intrinsic functional connectivity in families genetically enriched for social anxiety disorder – an endophenotype study
Local-to-distant development of the cerebrocerebellar sensorimotor network in the typically developing human brain: a functional and diffusion MRI study
Isolated Focal Dystonia as a Disorder of Large-Scale Functional Networks.
Functional connectivity pattern underlies individual differences in independent self-construal
Ventral Caudate and Anterior Insula Recruitment During Value Estimation of Passionate Rewarding Cues
Prolonged Repeated Acupuncture Stimulation Induces Habituation Effects in Pain-Related Brain Areas: An fMRI Study
Associations of thalamocortical networks with reduced mindfulness in alcohol use disorder
Longitudinal whole-brain analysis of multi-subject diffusion data in diffuse axonal injury
Real-time effects of interictal spikes on hippocampus and amygdala functional connectivity in unilateral temporal lobe epilepsy: An EEG-fMRI study.
Functional Disconnection of the Angular Gyrus Related to Cognitive Impairment in Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus
Only Low Frequency Event-Related EEG Activity Is Compromised in Multiple Sclerosis: Insights from an Independent Component Clustering Analysis
Neural Underpinnings of Distortions in the Experience of Time Across Senses
Impacts of urban green infrastructure on attentional functioning: insights from an fMRI study
Comorbid depressive symptoms can aggravate the functional changes of the pain matrix in patients with chronic back pain: A resting-state fMRI study
The association between ballroom dance training and empathic concern: Behavioral and brain evidence
Neural networks involved in learning lexical-semantic and syntactic information in a second language
Mapping structural covariance networks of emotional withdrawal symptoms in males with methamphetamine use disorder during abstinence
Pushing the Limits: Chronotype and Time of Day Modulate Working Memory-Dependent Cerebral Activity
Time-dependent effects of cortisol on selective attention and emotional interference: a functional MRI study
Aberrant static and dynamic functional connectivity of the executive control network in lung cancer patients after chemotherapy: a longitudinal fMRI study
Functional and Structural Signatures of the Anterior Insula are associated with Risk-taking Tendency of Analgesic Decision-making
Facilitation of Hand Proprioceptive Processing in Paraplegic Individuals with Long-Term Wheelchair Sports Training
Disorder-Specific and Shared Brain Abnormalities During Vigilance in Autism and Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder
Alterations in Cerebellar Functional Connectivity Are Correlated With Decreased Psychomotor Vigilance Following Total Sleep Deprivation
Widespread Disrupted White Matter Microstructure in Autism Spectrum Disorders.
Brain imaging correlates of recovered swallowing after dysphagic stroke: A fMRI and DWI study
Disturbed Resting-State Whole-Brain Functional Connectivity of Striatal Subregions in Bulimia Nervosa
Neural markers of a greater female responsiveness to social stimuli
Dog Experts' Brains Distinguish Socially Relevant Body Postures Similarly in Dogs and Humans
Investigating morphological changes in the brain in relation to etiology and duration of olfactory dysfunction with voxel-based morphometry
Neurocognitive Endophenotypes for Eating Disorders: A Preliminary High-Risk Family Study
An fMRI study of nonverbally gifted reading disabled adults: has deficit compensation effected gifted potential?
Diagnostic and Predictive Neuroimaging Biomarkers for Posttraumatic Stress Disorder.
Neural correlates of phonological processing: Disrupted in children with dyslexia and enhanced in musically trained children
Connectome-based individualized prediction of loneliness
"Neural evidence suggests phonological acceptability judgments reflect similarity, not constraint evaluation."
Aberrant gray matter volume and functional connectivity in Parkinson’s disease with minor hallucination
Increase in brain activation due to sub-tasks during driving: fMRI study using new MR-compatible driving simulator
Alterations of the amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation induced by repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation combined with antidepressants treatment for major depressive disorder.
Individual differences in the neural architecture in semantic processing
Increased Dynamic Amplitude of Low Frequency Fluctuation in Primary Insomnia
Motor Control Deficits in Facial Synkinesis Patients: Neuroimaging Evidences of Cerebral Cortex Involvement
Microstructural White Matter Changes in the Corpus Callosum of Young People with Bipolar Disorder: A Diffusion Tensor Imaging Study
Degree Centrality of a Brain Network Is Altered by Stereotype Threat: Evidences From a Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Coexistence of cerebral hypometabolism and neuroinflammation in the thalamo-limbic-brainstem region in young women with functional somatic syndrome
Autobiographical memory in epileptic patients after temporal lobe resection or bitemporal hippocampal sclerosis.
Longitudinal changes in the neural oscillatory dynamics underlying abstract reasoning in children and adolescents
Aberrant Functional Connectivity of the Orbitofrontal Cortex Is Associated With Excited Symptoms in First-Episode Drug-Naïve Patients With Schizophrenia
Implicit learning impairment identified via predictive saccades in Huntington's disease correlates with extended cortico-striatal atrophy.
Altered synchronous neural activities in retinal vein occlusion patients: A resting-state fMRI study
A Longitudinal fMRI Research on Neural Plasticity and Sensory Outcome of Carpal Tunnel Syndrome
Voxel-based morphometry reveals excess gray matter concentration in patients with focal cortical dysplasia.
Investigation of Altered Spontaneous Brain Activity Patterns in Herpes Zoster Keratitis Using the Percent Amplitude of Fluctuation Method: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Comparative assessment of the feasibility and validity of daily activity space in urban and non-urban settings
Role of prediction error in destabilizing fear memories in retrieval extinction and its neural mechanisms.
Dietary Long-Chain Omega-3 Fatty Acids Are Related to Impulse Control and Anterior Cingulate Function in Adolescents
In vivo anatomical mapping of human locus coeruleus functional connectivity at 3 T MRI
Neural activity associated with self-reflection
Identification of patients with and without minimal hepatic encephalopathy based on gray matter volumetry using a support vector machine learning algorithm
Liraglutide restores impaired associative learning in individuals with obesity
Spatiotemporal neural network dynamics for the processing of dynamic facial expressions
A neurocognitive model of perceptual decision‐making on emotional signals
Neural processing of the own child's facial emotions in mothers with a history of early life maltreatment.
A meta‐analytic investigation of grey matter differences in anorexia nervosa and autism spectrum disorder
Altered cerebellar connectivity in Parkinson's patients ON and OFF L-DOPA medication
Right inferior frontal gyrus activation as a neural marker of successful lying
The effect of learning to drum on behavior and brain function in autistic adolescents
Neural circuitry involved in quitting after repeated failures: role of the cingulate and temporal parietal junction
Body Topography Parcellates Human Sensory and Motor Cortex
White matter microstructure and volume correlates of premenstrual dysphoric disorder
Neural Substrates of Aphasia in Acute Left Hemispheric Stroke Using Voxel-Based Lesion-symptom Brain Mapping
The neural transfer effect of working memory training to enhance hedonic processing in individuals with social anhedonia
The impact of spelling regularity on handwriting production: A coupled fMRI and kinematics study.
Upward and downward comparisons across monetary and status domains
Neural activations associated with feedback and retrieval success
Impaired Voluntary Control in PTSD: Probing Self-Regulation of the ACC With Real-Time fMRI
The difference in cortical activation pattern for complex motor skills: A functional near- infrared spectroscopy study
Impact of substance use disorder on gray matter volume in schizophrenia.
Structural and functional brain alterations in subthreshold depression: A multimodal coordinate‐based meta‐analysis
Cognitive control regions are recruited in bilinguals' silent reading of mixed-language paragraphs.
Altered spontaneous brain activity in chronic smokers revealed by fractional ramplitude of low-frequency fluctuation analysis: a preliminary study
"Differentiating Individuals with and without Alcohol Use Disorder Using Resting-State fMRI Functional Connectivity of Reward Network, Neuropsychological Performance, and Impulsivity Measures"
Oxytocin Receptor Polymorphism Decreases Midline Neural Activations to Social Stimuli in Anorexia Nervosa
"The neural mechanisms underlying the processing of consonant, vowel and tone during Chinese typing: an fNIRS study"
White matter correlates of impaired attention control in major depressive disorder and healthy volunteers.
Blast-Induced Neurotrauma Results in Spatially Distinct Gray Matter Alteration Alongside Hormonal Alteration: A Preliminary Investigation
Structural connectome-based prediction of trait anxiety.
Decreased gray matter volume in regions associated with affective pain processing in unmedicated individuals with nonsuicidal self-injury.
Preliminary development of a neuroimaging paradigm to examine neural correlates of relationship conflict.
Decoding Developmental Differences and Individual Variability in Response Inhibition Through Predictive Analyses Across Individuals
Magnitude processing of symbolic and non-symbolic proportions: an fMRI study
Convergent behavioral and corticolimbic connectivity evidence of a negativity bias in children and adolescents
Neural Correlates of Semantic Inhibition in Relation to Hypomanic Traits: An fMRI Study
The brain on art: intense aesthetic experience activates the default mode network
Dynamics of Intersubject Brain Networks during Anxious Anticipation
Anatomical Templates of the Midbrain Ventral Tegmental Area and Substantia Nigra for Asian Populations
ANS: Aberrant Neurodevelopment of the Social Cognition Network in Adolescents with Autism Spectrum Disorders
Oculomotor capture reveals trial-by-trial neural correlates of attentional guidance by contents of visual working memory.
Right inferior frontal gyrus: An integrative hub in tonal bilinguals
Experiencing sweet taste is associated with an increase in prosocial behavior
Mapping of Brain Activations to Rectal Balloon Distension Stimuli in Male Patients with Irritable Bowel Syndrome Using Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging
Neural sensitivity to phonological characteristics is stable across the lifespan
Differences in resting-state functional connectivity according to the level of impulsiveness in patients with internet gaming disorder
Ambivert degree identifies crucial brain functional hubs and improves detection of Alzheimer’s Disease and Autism Spectrum Disorder
"Associations Between Sub-Threshold Amyloid-β Deposition, Cortical Volume, and Cognitive Function Modulated by APOE ɛ4 Carrier Status in Cognitively Normal Older Adults"
Binding in working memory and frontal lobe in normal aging: is there any similarity with autism?
Physical Exercise with Music Reduces Gray and White Matter Loss in the Frontal Cortex of Elderly People: The Mihama-Kiho Scan Project
The neural and cognitive basis of expository text comprehension
Longitudinal Intrinsic Brain Activity Changes in Cirrhotic Patients before and One Month after Liver Transplantation
Abnormal Functional Connectivity Between the Left Medial Superior Frontal Gyrus and Amygdala Underlying Abnormal Emotion and Premature Ejaculation: A Resting State fMRI Study
Grey Matter Density Predicts the Improvement of Naming Abilities After tDCS Intervention in Agrammatic Variant of Primary Progressive Aphasia.
The CB1 Neutral Antagonist Tetrahydrocannabivarin Reduces Default Mode Network and Increases Executive Control Network Resting State Functional Connectivity in Healthy Volunteers
Operant and classical learning principles underlying mind–body interaction in pain modulation: a pilot fMRI study
Longitudinal change in hippocampal and dorsal anterior insulae functional connectivity in subjective cognitive decline
"Oscillatory motor patterning is impaired in neurofibromatosis type 1: a behavioural, EEG and fMRI study"
Unbalanced Occlusion Modifies the Pattern of Brain Activity During Execution of a Finger to Thumb Motor Task
Regional gray matter abnormality in hepatic myelopathy patients after transjugular intrahepatic portosystemic shunt: a voxel-based morphometry study
Binge drinking differentially affects cortical and subcortical microstructure
Neural correlates of lexical stress processing in a foreign free‐stress language
Decreased cortical gyrification and surface area in the left medial parietal cortex in patients with treatment‐resistant and ultratreatment‐resistant schizophrenia
Somatosensory Stimulus Intensity Encoding in Borderline Personality Disorder
Deformable MRI-Ultrasound registration using correlation-based attribute matching for brain shift correction: Accuracy and generality in multi-site data.
Subjective memory complaints are associated with altered resting-state functional connectivity but not structural atrophy
Brain activation related to the tactile perception of touching ridged texture using fingers
Coordinated activation of premotor and ventromedial prefrontal cortices during vicarious reward
Image Statistics and the Representation of Material Properties in the Visual Cortex
Volume estimation of prefrontal cortical subfields using MRI and stereology.
"“Doctor” or “darling”? Decoding the communication partner from ECoG of the anterior temporal lobe during non-experimental, real-life social interaction"
"Relationship between Tactile Sensation, Motor Activity, and Differential Brain Activity in Young Individuals"
Neurofunctional characteristics of executive control in older people with HIV infection: a comparison with Parkinson's disease.
The association between cognitive reserve and performance-related brain activity during episodic encoding and retrieval across the adult lifespan.
Migraine Type-Dependent Patterns of Brain Activation After Facial and Intranasal Trigeminal Stimulation
Neural Mechanisms of Strategic Adaptation in Attentional Flexibility.
Grey matter volume alterations in CADASIL: a voxel-based morphometry study
Increased functional interaction within frontoparietal network during working memory task in major depressive disorder
Dynamic task-linked switching between brain networks - A tri-network perspective.
Response Bias Modulates the Speech Motor System during Syllable Discrimination
Brain Functional Alterations in Prepubertal Boys With Autism Spectrum Disorders
Diminished white matter integrity in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus
Altered functional connectivity of the thalamus in primary angle-closure glaucoma patients: A resting-state fMRI study
Abnormal Gray Matter Volume and Functional Connectivity in Parkinson's Disease with Rapid Eye Movement Sleep Behavior Disorder
"Striatal Functional Hypoconnectivity in Patients With Schizophrenia Suffering From Negative Symptoms, Longitudinal Findings."
Functional Abnormality Associated With Tau Deposition in Alzheimer’s Disease – A Hybrid Positron Emission Tomography/MRI Study
Neurobiological Commonalities and Distinctions Among Three Major Psychiatric Diagnostic Categories: A Structural MRI Study.
Comparative Study of Brain fMRI of Olfactory Stimulation in Neuromyelitis Optica Spectrum Disease and Multiple Sclerosis
Resting state functional connectivity differentiation of neuropathic and nociceptive pain in individuals with chronic spinal cord injury
Neural mechanisms of understanding rational actions: middle temporal gyrus activation by contextual violation.
Regional age differences in gray matter diffusivity among healthy older adults.
Alterations of Regional Homogeneity in Parkinson’s Disease: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging (fMRI) Study
Right Inferior Parietal Lobule Activity Is Associated With Handwriting Spontaneous Tempo
Cerebral microstructural abnormalities in impulsivity: a magnetic resonance study.
Recruitment of the default mode network during a demanding act of executive control
Visual inputs decrease brain activity in frontal areas during silent lipreading
Comparative study of magnetic resonance imaging-based neuroimaging methods in older adults with depression.
Altered iron and myelin in premanifest Huntington's Disease more than 20 years before clinical onset: Evidence from the cross-sectional HD Young Adult Study
A Role of DLPFC in the Learning Process of Human Mate Copying
Cortical Activation Patterns of Bodily Attention triggered by Acupuncture Stimulation
Dynamic causal modeling of sensorimotor networks elicited by saltatory pneumotactile velocity in the glabrous hand.
Development of the neural correlates of self- and other-referential processing across adolescence.
Temporo-parietal and fronto-parietal lobe contributions to theory of mind and executive control: an fMRI study of verbal jokes
"Bidirectional Causal Connectivity in the Cortico-Limbic-Cerebellar Circuit Related to Structural Alterations in First-Episode, Drug-Naive Somatization Disorder"
On the functional anatomy of the urge-for-action
More than a piece of cake: Noun classifier processing in primary progressive aphasia
Unconscious Processing of Negative Animals and Objects: Role of the Amygdala Revealed by fMRI
Motor Cortex Neuroplasticity Following Brachial Plexus Transfer
Relationship between cerebellar structure and emotional memory in depression
Structural brain abnormalities in postural tachycardia syndrome: A VBM-DARTEL study
Greater Similarity Between L1 and L2’s Brain Network in Adults Than in Children
Rigidity in Motor Behavior and Brain Functioning in Patients With Schizophrenia and High Levels of Apathy.
Sleep discrepancy is associated with alterations in the salience network in patients with insomnia disorder: An EEG-fMRI study
Case report: post-stroke interventional BCI rehabilitation in an individual with preexisting sensorineural disability
Altered Activation of Innate Immunity Associates with White Matter Volume and Diffusion in First-Episode Psychosis
Manipulation of Self-Expansion Alters Responses to Attractive Alternative Partners
Perceptual Pattern of Cleft-Related Speech: A Task-fMRI Study on Typical Mandarin-Speaking Adults
Functional correlates of motor control impairments in multiple sclerosis: A 7 Tesla task functional MRI study
Multivariate Pattern Classification of Primary Insomnia Using Three Types of Functional Connectivity Features
“What” and “when” predictions modulate auditory processing in a mutually congruent manner
Reduced gray matter brain volume and cortical thickness in adults with type 1 diabetes and neuropathy.
Volumetric Abnormalities in Violent Schizophrenia Patients on the General Psychiatric Ward
Brain activation in highly superior autobiographical memory: The role of the precuneus in the autobiographical memory retrieval network.
Dance Training Shapes Action Perception and Its Neural Implementation within the Young and Older Adult Brain
Brain activation during dual-task processing is associated with cardiorespiratory fitness and performance in older adults
Neural correlates of emotion acceptance and suppression in borderline personality disorder
Altered Functional Connectivity of the Primary Visual Cortex in Patients With Iridocyclitis and Assessment of Its Predictive Value Using Machine Learning
Neural activity in adults with major depressive disorder differs from that in healthy individuals: A resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Neural Correlates of Listening to Varying Synchrony Between Beats in Samba Percussion and Relations to Feeling the Groove
"
EEG mismatch responses in a multimodal roving stimulus paradigm provide evidence for probabilistic inference across audition, somatosensation, and vision"
Novelty-related activation within the medial temporal lobes.
Altered DMN functional connectivity and regional homogeneity in partial epilepsy patients: a seventy cases study
The Duration of Chronic Pain Can Affect Brain Functional Changes of the Pain Matrix in Patients with Chronic Back Pain: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Grey Matter Volumes in the Executive Attention System Predict Individual Differences in Effortful Control in Young Adults.
Parahippocampus hypertrophy drives gray matter morphological alterations in migraine patients without aura
Neurofunctional differences and similarities between persistent postural-perceptual dizziness and anxiety disorder
Aberrant amplitude low-frequency fluctuation (ALFF) and regional homogeneity (ReHo) in generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) and their roles in predicting treatment remission
Changes of Structural and Functional Attention Control Networks in Subclinical Hypothyroidism
Effects of naltrexone are influenced by childhood adversity during negative emotional processing in addiction recovery
Frequency-dependent and time-variant alterations of neural activity in post-stroke depression: A resting-state fMRI study
Neural Mechanisms Involved in Mental Imagery of Slip-Perturbation While Walking: A Preliminary fMRI Study
"Patients with first-episode, drug-naive schizophrenia and subjects at ultra-high risk of psychosis shared increased cerebellar-default mode network connectivity at rest"
Application of voxel-based morphometric method to detect brain changes in children with non-cyanotic congenital heart disease
Decreased gray matter volume and dynamic functional alterations in medicine-free obsessive-compulsive disorder
Abnormal Brain Structure Morphology in Early-Onset Schizophrenia
Late dominance of the right hemisphere during narrative comprehension
Altered Prefrontal and Inferior Parietal Activity During a Stroop Task in Individuals With Problematic Hypersexual Behavior
Entorhinal Cortex Functional Connectivity during Item Long-Term Memory and the Role of Sex
"Sensitivity of functional connectivity to periaqueductal gray localization, with implications for identifying disease-related changes in chronic visceral pain: A MAPP Research Network neuroimaging study"
"Reliability, Convergent Validity and Time Invariance of Default Mode Network Deviations in Early Adult Major Depressive Disorder"
Neural Correlates of Impaired Cognitive Control in Individuals with Methamphetamine Dependence: An fMRI Study
High-Frequency Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation Could Improve Impaired Working Memory Induced by Sleep Deprivation
Fiber Connectivity Density in Cerebral Small-Vessel Disease Patients With Mild Cognitive Impairment and Cerebral Small-Vessel Disease Patients With Normal Cognition
Moral wounds run deep: exaggerated midbrain functional network connectivity across the default mode network in posttraumatic stress disorder
"Computational support, not primacy, distinguishes compensatory memory reorganization in epilepsy"
Regional cerebral blood flow after recovery from bulimia nervosa.
Inflammation but not programmed cell death is activated in methamphetamine-dependent patients: Relevance to the brain function.
Diverging patterns of plasticity in the nucleus basalis of Meynert in early- and late-onset blindness
Increased Insular Connectivity and Enhanced Empathic Ability Associated with Dance/Music Training
"Reduced executive and reward connectivity is associated with smoking cessation response to repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation: A double-blind, randomized, sham-controlled trial."
The right inferior frontal gyrus processes nested non-local dependencies in music
Neural correlates of multi-day learning and savings in sensorimotor adaptation
SPECT [I-123]iomazenil measurement of the benzodiazepine receptor in panic disorder.
Alterations in functional network centrality in first-episode drug-naïve adolescent-onset schizophrenia.
Positive intergroup contact modulates fusiform gyrus activity to black and white faces
Altered functional connectivity density in the brains of hemodialysis end-stage renal disease patients: An in vivo resting-state functional MRI study
Early life stress and body-mass-index modulate brain connectivity in alcohol use disorder
Psychopathic traits and altered resting-state functional connectivity in incarcerated adolescent girls
Real-Time Classification of Motor Imagery Using Dynamic Window-Level Granger Causality Analysis of fMRI Data
Voxel-Mirrored Homotopic Connectivity Associated With Change of Cognitive Function in Chronic Pontine Stroke
Neuronal correlates of the subjective experience of attention
Striatal Volume Increases in Active Methamphetamine-Dependent Individuals and Correlation with Cognitive Performance
The neural basis of conceptual–emotional integration and its role in major depressive disorder
Altered putamen functional connectivity is associated with anxiety disorder in Parkinson's disease
Spinach in the teeth: How ego- and allocentric perspectives modulate neural correlates of embarrassment in the face of others' public mishaps.
Greater intake of vitamins B6 and B12 spares gray matter in healthy elderly: a voxel-based morphometry study.
Patient-specific core decompression surgery for early-stage ischemic necrosis of the femoral head
Resting-state fMRI study of acute migraine treatment with kinetic oscillation stimulation in nasal cavity
Associations of leptin and corticostriatal connectivity in bipolar disorder
Motor training‐related brain reorganization in patients with cerebellar degeneration
Atypical intrinsic neural timescale in autism
Effective connectivity during animacy perception – dynamic causal modelling of Human Connectome Project data
Abnormal Regional Spontaneous Neural Activity in Nonarteritic Anterior Ischemic Optic Neuropathy: A Resting-State Functional MRI Study
Brain-derived neurotrophic factor val66met polymorphism and hippocampal activation during episodic encoding and retrieval tasks.
Amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations in childhood-onset schizophrenia with or without obsessive-compulsive symptoms: a resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study
"A technology developed from concept of acupuncture and meridian system, the clinical effect of BIOCERAMIC resonance on psychological related sleep disturbance with findings on questionnaire, EEG and fMRI"
SUITer: An Automated Method for Improving Segmentation of Infratentorial Structures at Ultra-High-Field MRI.
Cholinergic Enhancement of Brain Activation in Mild Cognitive Impairment during Episodic Memory Encoding
Specific age‐correlated activation of top hierarchical motor control areas during gait‐like plantar stimulation: An fMRI study
The medial temporal lobes distinguish between within-item and item-context relations during autobiographical memory retrieval.
Functional connectivity-hemodynamic (un)coupling changes in chronic mild brain injury are associated with mental health and neurocognitive indices: a resting state fMRI study
Localization of Impaired Kinesthetic Processing Post-stroke
Neural bases of social communicative intentions in speech
A splitting brain: Imbalanced neural networks in schizophrenia.
Associations between Education Years and Resting-state Functional Connectivity Modulated by APOE ε4 Carrier Status in Cognitively Normal Older Adults
"Attention to number: The convergence of numerical magnitude processing, attention, and mathematics in the inferior frontal gyrus."
A neuroimaging study of brain activity alterations in treatment-resistant depression after a dual target accelerated transcranial magnetic stimulation
Neural responsivity to social rewards in autistic female youth
Inhibitory Control Impairment on Somatosensory Gating Due to Aging: An Event-Related Potential Study
Task-induced brain activity in aphasic stroke patients: what is driving recovery?
Neural correlates of adherence to extended-release naltrexone pharmacotherapy in heroin dependence
"Sound-localization-related activation and functional connectivity of dorsal auditory pathway in relation to demographic, cognitive, and behavioral characteristics in age-related hearing loss"
Functional organisation for verb generation in children with developmental language disorder
Age-specific effects of structural and functional connectivity in prefrontal-amygdala circuitry in women with bipolar disorder
Altered Spontaneous Brain Activity Patterns in Patients After Lasik Surgery Using Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuation: A Resting-State Functional MRI Study
Longitudinal changes in white matter microstructure after heavy cannabis use
Neural Coding of Cooperative vs. Affective Human Interactions: 150 ms to Code the Action's Purpose
Functional Connectome Analyses Reveal the Human Olfactory Network Organization
Combined Evaluation of Noncontrast CT ASPECTS and CT Angiography Collaterals Improves Detection of Large Infarcts in Proximal Artery Occlusive Stroke.
Fronto-striatal gray matter contributions to discrimination learning in Parkinson's disease
Trait self-control mediates the association between resting-state neural correlates and emotional well-being in late adolescence
Decreased reward circuit connectivity during reward anticipation in major depression
"Whole Genome Resequencing Reveals Natural Target Site Preferences of Transposable Elements in Drosophila melanogaster
"
Neural underpinning of Japanese particle processing in non-native speakers
Spatial distributions of cholinergic impairment and neuronal hypometabolism differ in MCI due to AD
Increased functional dynamics in civil aviation pilots: Evidence from a neuroimaging study
The impact of psychosis genome-wide associated ZNF804A variation on verbal fluency connectivity
The Instant Spontaneous Neuronal Activity Modulation of Transcutaneous Auricular Vagus Nerve Stimulation on Patients With Primary Insomnia
Differences in brain gray matter volume in patients with Crohn’s disease with and without abdominal pain
The Functional Network Processing Acute Electrical Itch Stimuli in Humans
Seeing the Unexpected: How Brains Read Communicative Intent through Kinematics
Stronger proprioceptive BOLD-responses in the somatosensory cortices reflect worse sensorimotor function in adolescents with and without cerebral palsy
Impulsivity is Associated with Increased Metabolism in the Fronto-Insular Network in Parkinson’s Disease
Altered resting-state network connectivity in panic disorder: an independent ComponentAnalysis.
Evidence accumulation and associated error-related brain activity as computationally-informed prospective predictors of substance use in emerging adulthood.
Functional MRI of sensory motor cortex: comparison between finger-to-thumb and hand squeeze tasks.
Visceromotor roots of aesthetic evaluation of pain in art: an fMRI study
Thalamic functional connectivity and sensorimotor processing in neurodevelopmental disorders
Fluency shaping increases integration of the command-to-execution and the auditory-to-motor pathways in persistent developmental stuttering.
Childhood trauma is associated with social anhedonia and brain gray matter volume differences in healthy subjects.
Functional brain rewiring and altered cortical stability in ulcerative colitis
"Simulating a Computational Biological Model, Rather Than Reading, Elicits Changes in Brain Activity during Biological Reasoning"
Altered baseline brain activity in children with bipolar disorder during mania state: a resting-state study
Functional Connectivity in Parkinson’s Disease Patients with Mild Cognitive Impairment
Brain mechanisms underlying the impact of attachment-related stress on social cognition
Effect of Anti-seizure Medications on Functional Anatomy of Language: A Perspective From Language Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging
Approaching or Decentering? Differential Neural Networks Underlying Experiential Emotion Regulation and Cognitive Defusion
Functional brain networks related to individual differences in human intelligence at rest
Internet Search Alters Intra- and Inter-regional Synchronization in the Temporal Gyrus
Anticipatory Energization Revealed by Pupil and Brain Activity Guides Human Effort-Based Decision Making.
Brain networks involved in accented speech processing.
Brain morphologic abnormalities in migraine patients: an observational study
Differential brain effects of laser and needle acupuncture at LR8 using functional MRI
Distinct Effects of Social Stress on Working Memory in Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder
The Instant Effects of Continuous Transcutaneous Auricular Vagus Nerve Stimulation at Acupoints on the Functional Connectivity of Amygdala in Migraine without Aura: A Preliminary Study
No Evidence for Neural Overlap between Unconsciously Processed and Imagined Stimuli
Spatiotemporal Dynamics of Sleep Spindle Sources Across NREM Sleep Cycles
Stimulus-Driven Reorienting Impairs Executive Control of Attention: Evidence for a Common Bottleneck in Anterior Insula
Frontoparietal Connectivity and Hierarchical Structure of the Brain’s Functional Network during Sleep
Sensorimotor Oscillations Prior to Speech Onset Reflect Altered Motor Networks in Adults Who Stutter
Elevated body mass index and maintenance of cognitive function in late life: exploring underlying neural mechanisms
Neurofunctional and behavioural measures associated with fMRI-neurofeedback learning in adolescents with Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder
Extreme prematurity and perinatal risk factors related to extremely preterm birth are associated with complex patterns of regional brain volume alterations at 10 years of age: a voxel-based morphometry study
Card-placing test in amnestic mild cognitive impairment and its neural correlates
Mean diffusivity of globus pallidus associated with verbal creativity measured by divergent thinking and creativity‐related temperaments in young healthy adults
Distended Seminal Vesicles Are Involved in Specific Cerebral Sexual Arousal: A Pilot Study Using Functional Brain Imaging in Young Healthy Men
"Evaluation of a Simple Clinical Language Paradigm With Respect to Sensory Independency, Functional Asymmetry, and Effective Connectivity"
The degeneration changes of basal forebrain are associated with prospective memory impairment in patients with Wilson's disease
Separate brain areas for processing human and dog faces as revealed by awake fMRI in dogs (Canis familiaris).
Recovery of superior frontal gyrus cortical thickness and resting‐state functional connectivity in abstinent heroin users after 8 months of follow‐up
FEM analysis in excellent cushion characteristic of ostrich (Struthio camelus) toe pads
Low threshold unmyelinated mechanoafferents can modulate pain
Actor-recipient role affects neural responses to self in emotional situations
Preliminary evaluation of novel Bodily Attention Task to assess the role of the brain in chemotherapy-induced peripheral neurotoxicity (CIPN).
Ruminative reflection is associated with anticorrelations between the orbitofrontal cortex and the default mode network in depression: implications for repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation
Top‐down versus bottom‐up attention differentially modulate frontal–parietal connectivity
Exercise Promotes Neuroplasticity in Both Healthy and Depressed Brains: An fMRI Pilot Study
The functional brain networks that underlie visual working memory in the first two years of life
Unlocking the musical brain: A proof-of-concept study on playing the piano in MRI scanner with naturalistic stimuli
Arm crossing updates brain functional connectivity of the left posterior parietal cortex
Surface-Based Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuation Alterations in Patients With Tinnitus Before and After Sound Therapy: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Large-scale networks underlie cognitive insight differs between untreated adolescents ongoing their first schizophrenic episode and their reference non-schizophrenic mates
Inferring distinct mechanisms in the absence of subjective differences: Placebo and centrally acting analgesic underlie unique brain adaptations.
Watching TV news as a memory task -- brain activation and age effects
Investigating microstructure of white matter tracts as candidate endophenotypes of Social Anxiety Disorder – Findings from the Leiden Family Lab study on Social Anxiety Disorder (LFLSAD)
Phonological Working Memory Representations in the Left Inferior Parietal Lobe in the Face of Distraction and Neural Stimulation
Role of right temporoparietal junction for counterfactual evaluation of partner’s decision in ultimatum game
Brain response in heavy drinkers during cross-commodity alcohol and money discounting with potentially real rewards: A preliminary study
Schizotypal traits across the amyotrophic lateral sclerosis–frontotemporal dementia spectrum: pathomechanistic insights
Coordination of multiple joints increases bilateral connectivity with ipsilateral sensorimotor cortices
Learning from in-group and out-group models induces separative effects on human mate copying
"Longitudinal associations between adolescent catch-up sleep, white-matter maturation and internalizing problems☆"
FMRI Study of Neural Responses to Implicit Infant Emotion in Anorexia Nervosa
Tracking spatial dynamics of functional connectivity during a task.
Bilingual Cortical Control of Between- and Within-Language Competition
Patients with schizophrenia have a reduced neural response to both unpredictable and predictable primary reinforcers
The neural correlates of flow experience explored with transcranial direct current stimulation.
Coping under stress: Prefrontal control predicts stress burden during the COVID-19 crisis
The Association of Aging with White Matter Integrity and Functional Connectivity Hubs
Different Resting-State Functional Connectivity Alterations in Smokers and Nonsmokers with Internet Gaming Addiction
Inner experience in the scanner: can high fidelity apprehensions of inner experience be integrated with fMRI?
Neural endophenotypes and predictors of laryngeal dystonia penetrance and manifestation
Effects of social and emotional context on neural activation and synchrony during movie viewing
The Influence of Heart Rate Variability Biofeedback on Cardiac Regulation and Functional Brain Connectivity
Long-term Chinese calligraphic handwriting reshapes the posterior cingulate cortex: A VBM study
Emotion Regulation Modulates Dietary Decision-Making via Activity in the Prefrontal–Striatal Valuation System
Modulation of dorsolateral prefrontal cortex functional connectivity after intermittent theta-burst stimulation in depression: Combining findings from fNIRS and fMRI
Semantic deficits in ALS related to right lingual/fusiform gyrus network involvement
"Non-invasive MRI measurements of venous oxygenation, oxygen extraction fraction and oxygen consumption in neonates."
Preliminary brain-behavioral neural correlates of anterior cruciate ligament injury risk landing biomechanics using a novel bilateral leg press neuroimaging paradigm
Substantia Nigra Integrity Correlates with Sequential Working Memory in Parkinson's Disease
Reduced Cortical Thickness in Mental Retardation
Modulations of resting-static functional connectivity on insular by electroacupuncture in subjective tinnitus
Human Brain Activity Related to the Tactile Perception of Stickiness
Disruption of cerebellar-cortical functional connectivity predicts balance instability in alcohol use disorder.
A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study of Head Movements in Cervical Dystonia
Vestibular Morphological Asymmetry Associated With Motion Sickness Susceptibility
Assessment of in vivo microstructure alterations in gray matter using DKI in internet gaming addiction
Genome-Wide Association Study of Susceptibility to Infection by Mycobacterium avium Subspecies paratuberculosis in Holstein Cattle
Neural basis of shame and guilt experience in women with borderline personality disorder
White matter volume alterations in hair-pulling disorder (trichotillomania).
Establishing two principal dimensions of cognitive variation in logopenic progressive aphasia
"Neuroanatomy of ""hearing voices"": a frontotemporal brain structural abnormality associated with auditory hallucinations in schizophrenia."
Arterial spin labeling versus BOLD in direct challenge and drug-task interaction pharmacological fMRI
Neural bases of Theory of Mind in children with autism spectrum disorders and children with conduct problems and callous-unemotional traits
Changes in Cortical Thickness in Patients With Early Parkinson’s Disease at Different Hoehn and Yahr Stages
The neurocognitive gains of diagnostic reasoning training using simulated interactive veterinary cases
Brain White Matter Impairment in Patients with Spinal Cord Injury
Neural correlates of recursive thinking during interpersonal strategic interactions
Alteration of gray matter texture features over the whole brain in medication-overuse headache using a 3-dimentional texture analysis
Proprioceptive and tactile processing in individuals with Friedreich ataxia: an fMRI study
Importance Modulates the Temporal Features of Self-Referential Processing: An Event-Related Potential Study
Neural Plastic Effects of Working Memory Training Influenced by Self-perceived Stress in Stroke: A Case Illustration
Interactions between the aging brain and motor task complexity across the lifespan: balancing brain activity resource demand and supply
Relationships between Brain Structure and Metabolic Changes in Schizophrenia Patients Treated with Olanzapine: A Voxel-Based Morphometric Study
The Development of a Practical Artificial Intelligence Tool for Diagnosing and Evaluating Autism Spectrum Disorder: Multicenter Study
The Effects of Cardiorespiratory and Motor Skill Fitness on Intrinsic Functional Connectivity of Neural Networks in Individuals with Parkinson’s Disease
The Interaction Between Caudate Nucleus and Regions Within the Theory of Mind Network as a Neural Basis for Social Intelligence
A functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging study of patients with Polar Type II/III complex shoulder instability
Beyond network connectivity: A classification approach to brain age prediction with resting-state fMRI.
Dysregulated functional brain connectivity in response to acute social-evaluative stress in adolescents with PTSD symptoms
Is 1 Hz rTMS Always Inhibitory in Healthy Individuals?
The structural neural correlates of atypical facial expression recognition in autism spectrum disorder.
Microstructural Abnormality in Left Nucleus Accumbens Predicts Dysfunctional Beliefs in Treatment-Resistant Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder
A modified oddball paradigm for investigation of neural correlates of attention: a simultaneous ERP–fMRI study
Explainable artificial intelligence (xAI) in neuromarketing/consumer neuroscience: an fMRI study on brand perception
Neural Correlates of Outcome Anticipation in Multiple Sclerosis
Voxel‐based meta‐analysis of gray and white matter volume abnormalities in spinocerebellar ataxia type 2
Interpersonal Agreement and Disagreement During Face-to-Face Dialogue: An fNIRS Investigation
Neural functional connectivity during rumination in individuals with adverse childhood experiences
The effect of tDCS on functional connectivity in primary progressive aphasia
Exploring the thalamus: a crucial hub for brain function and communication in patients with bulimia nervosa
Comparing Brain Functional Activities in Patients With Blepharospasm and Dry Eye Disease Measured With Resting-State fMRI
Duration of motherhood has incremental effects on mothers’ neural processing of infant vocal cues: a neuroimaging study of women
Altered regional brain activity and functional connectivity in resting-state brain networks associated with psychological erectile dysfunction
Neuroanatomical correlates of aggressiveness: a case–control voxel- and surface-based morphometric study
The subjective amplitude of the diurnal rhythm matters - Chronobiological insights for neuroimaging studies.
Bayesian network analysis revealed the connectivity difference of the default mode network from the resting-state to task-state
Atypical functional connectivity in resting-state networks of individuals with 22q11.2 deletion syndrome: associations with neurocognitive and psychiatric functioning
Spatial working memory in neurofibromatosis 1: Altered neural activity and functional connectivity
Neural networks engaged in tactile object manipulation: patterns of expression among healthy individuals
Altered Intrinsic Functional Connectivity of the Primary Visual Cortex in Patients with Corneal Ulcer: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Aberrant functional connectivity of default-mode network in type 2 diabetes patients
Sensory Processing Patterns and Fusiform Activity During Face Processing in Autism Spectrum Disorder
Disentangling representations of shape and action components in the tool network.
Regional brain dysfunction in insomnia after ischemic stroke: A resting-state fMRI study
Enhanced Amygdala-Striatal Functional Connectivity during the Processing of Cocaine Cues in Male Cocaine Users with a History of Childhood Trauma
Functional Decoupling of Emotion Coping Network Subsides Automatic Emotion Regulation by Implementation Intention
A pooling-LiNGAM algorithm for effective connectivity analysis of fMRI data
Children with developmental coordination disorder show altered functional connectivity compared to peers
An optimized voxel-based morphometric study of gray matter changes in patients with left-sided and right-sided mesial temporal lobe epilepsy and hippocampal sclerosis (MTLE/HS).
Salience network engagement with the detection of morally laden information
"Brain activation patterns associated with cue reactivity and craving in abstinent problem gamblers, heavy smokers and healthy controls: an fMRI study"
Mapping language with resting‐state functional magnetic resonance imaging: A study on the functional profile of the language network
The fMRI correlates of visuo-spatial abilities: sex differences and gender dysphoria
Dynamic alterations of spontaneous neural activity in patients with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Experimental investigations of a manually versus an electrically driven skull drill for bedside usage
Neural Correlates of Motor Recovery after Robot-Assisted Training in Chronic Stroke: A Multimodal Neuroimaging Study
Default mode network deactivation during emotion processing predicts early antidepressant response
Converging Resting State Networks Unravels Potential Remote Effects of Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation for Major Depression
The analgesic effect of electroacupuncture on acute thermal pain perception-a central neural correlate study with fMRI
Age Differences of the Hierarchical Cognitive Control and the Frontal Rostro–Caudal Functional Brain Activation
White matter microstructural changes of thalamocortical networks in photosensitivity and idiopathic generalized epilepsy.
Evaluating the Utility of EPIK in a Finger Tapping fMRI Experiment using BOLD Detection and Effective Connectivity
Abnormal functional connectivities patterns of multidomain cognitive impairments in pontine stroke patients
Multimodal Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study of Treatment-Naïve Adults with Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder
The neural correlates of semantic control revisited
Increased functional connectivity of amygdala subregions in patients with drug-naïve panic disorder and without comorbidities
Individuals with more severe depression fail to sustain nucleus accumbens activity to preferred music over time.
Better brain connectivity is associated with higher total fat mass and lower visceral adipose tissue in military pilots
Treatment effects of N-acetyl cysteine on resting-state functional MRI and cognitive performance in patients with chronic mild traumatic brain injury: a longitudinal study
Pain-mediated affect regulation is reduced after dialectical behavior therapy in borderline personality disorder: a longitudinal fMRI study
"Neural circuitry of masked emotional face processing in youth with bipolar disorder, severe mood dysregulation, and healthy volunteers"
Alterations in local activity and functional connectivity in patients with postherpetic neuralgia after short-term spinal cord stimulation
Serotonergic Contributions to Human Brain Aggression Networks
Resting-state functional MRI study of conventional MRI-negative intractable epilepsy in children
Decreased Connection Between Reward Systems and Paralimbic Cortex in Depressive Patients
"An fMRI study of the effects on normal language areas when
acupuncturing the Tongli (HT5) and Xuanzhong (GB39)
acupoints"
Inhibition of food craving is a metabolically active process in the brain in obese men
Altered Intrinsic Regional Activity and Interregional Functional Connectivity in Post-stroke Aphasia
Aberrant brain entropy in posttraumatic stress disorder comorbid with major depressive disorder during the coronavirus disease 2019 pandemic
Changes in sensory-related brain networks of patients with moyamoya disease with limb paresthesia: A resting-state fMRI-based functional connectivity analysis
Differential Patterns of Dysconnectivity in Mirror Neuron and Mentalizing Networks in Schizophrenia.
The effect of chronic neuroglycopenia on resting state networks in GLUT1 syndrome across the lifespan
"A Preliminary Study of White Matter in Adolescent Depression: Relationships with Illness Severity, Anhedonia, and Irritability"
Human hippocampal processing of environmental novelty during spatial navigation
The relationship between self-esteem and self-concept clarity is modulated by spontaneous activities of the dACC
Altered Topological Properties of Grey Matter Structural Covariance Networks in Complete Thoracic Spinal Cord Injury Patients: A Graph Theoretical Network Analysis
Abstinent Heroin Addicts Tend to Take Risks: ERP and Source Localization
Different modulation effects of Tai Chi Chuan and Baduanjin on resting-state functional connectivity of the default mode network in older adults
Simultaneous Motion and Distortion Correction Using Dual-Echo Diffusion-Weighted MRI.
Creating Colored Letters: Familial Markers of Grapheme-Color Synesthesia in Parietal Lobe Activation and Structure.
Fatigue Across the Lifespan in Men and Women: State vs. Trait
Global associations between regional gray matter volume and diverse complex cognitive functions: evidence from a large sample study
"A multicenter study of ketamine effects on functional connectivity: Large scale network relationships, hubs and symptom mechanisms"
Brain activation during cognitive reappraisal depending on regulation goals and stimulus valence
Abnormal cortical atrophy and functional connectivity are associated with depression in Parkinson’s disease
Changes in dynamic transitions between integrated and segregated states underlie visual hallucinations in Parkinson’s disease
Reorganization of early visual cortex functional connectivity following selective peripheral and central visual loss
The association between brain activity and motor imagery during motor illusion induction by vibratory stimulation
Altered resting‐state hippocampal functional connectivity in breast cancer survivors with chemotherapy‐induced amenorrhea
Regional decreases of cortical thickness in major depressive disorder and their correlation with illness duration: a case-control study
Molecular basis underlying default mode network functional abnormalities in postpartum depression with and without anxiety
Micro- and macro-changes in early-stage type 2 diabetes mellitus without cognitive impairment: a diffusion tensor imaging (DTI) and surface-based morphometry (SBM) study
Estimating frontal and parietal involvement in cognitive estimation: a study of focal neurodegenerative diseases
Altered Spontaneous Brain Activity Patterns of Meibomian Gland Dysfunction in Severely Obese Population Measured Using the Fractional Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuations
The Brain's Cutting-Room Floor: Segmentation of Narrative Cinema
Detecting language network alterations in mild cognitive impairment using task‐based fMRI and resting‐state fMRI: A comparative study
Aberrant static and dynamic functional connectivity of amygdala subregions in patients with major depressive disorder and childhood maltreatment
Protracted Neural Development of Dorsal Motor Systems During Handwriting and the Relation to Early Literacy Skills
Abnormal topological parameters in the default mode network in patients with impaired cognition undergoing maintenance hemodialysis
Brain Metabolic Connectivity Patterns in Patients with Prolonged Disorder of Consciousness after Hypoxic-Ischemic Injury: A Preliminary Study
The impact of the genome-wide supported variant in the cyclin M2 gene on gray matter morphology in schizophrenia
Prior Methamphetamine Use Disorder History Does Not Impair Interoceptive Processing of Soft Touch in HIV Infection
Default-mode network dynamics are restricted during high speed discrimination in healthy aging: Associations with neurocognitive status and simulated driving behavior.
Gender-specific structural abnormalities in major depressive disorder revealed by fixel-based analysis
Does experienced pain affects local brain volumes? Insights from a clinical acute pain model
Large-Scale Brain Networks Supporting Divided Attention across Spatial Locations and Sensory Modalities
"The Effect of Hepatic Encephalopathy, Hepatic Failure, and Portosystemic Shunt on Brain Volume of Cirrhotic Patients: A Voxel-Based Morphometry Study"
Functional connectivity of language networks after perinatal stroke
The Neural Basis of Approach-Avoidance Conflict: A Model Based Analysis
Altered low-frequency oscillation amplitude of resting state-fMRI in patients with discogenic low-back and leg pain
Neural signatures of bullying experience and social rejection in teenagers
Neural representation of word categories is distinct in the temporal lobe: An activation likelihood analysis.
Deep/mixed cerebral microbleeds are associated with cognitive dysfunction through thalamocortical connectivity disruption: The Taizhou Imaging Study
Anticipating control over aversive stimuli is mediated by the medial prefrontal cortex: An fMRI study with healthy adults
Aging Changes Effective Connectivity of Motor Networks During Motor Execution and Motor Imagery
A Preliminary Study Investigating Maternal Neurocognitive Mechanisms Underlying a Child-Supportive Parenting Intervention
Behavioural and Neural Responses to Facial Disfigurement
The influence of the descending pain modulatory system on infant pain-related brain activity
Imaging neural architecture of the brain based on its multipole magnetic response.
Specific and segregated changes to the functional connectome evoked by the processing of emotional faces: A task-based connectome study
"Alcohol Affects Brain Functional Connectivity and its Coupling with
Behavior: Greater Effects in Male Heavy Drinkers"
Ventromedial and dorsolateral prefrontal interactions underlie will to fight and die for a cause
Fear Processing in Dental Phobia during Crossmodal Symptom Provocation: An fMRI Study
Resting state network plasticity related to picture naming in low-grade glioma patients before and after resection
Altered brain network centrality in patients with adult comitant exotropia strabismus: A resting-state fMRI study
Machine Learning of Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Network Connectivity Predicts Substance Abuse Treatment Completion.
Renewal of conditioned fear in a novel context is associated with hippocampal activation and connectivity.
Alterations in degree centrality and cognitive function in breast cancer patients after chemotherapy.
Altered resting‐state functional connectivity of the putamen and internal globus pallidus is related to speech impairment in Parkinson's disease
Mapping the topological organisation of beta oscillations in motor cortex using MEG
Distinct Insular Functional Connectivity Changes Related to Mood and Fatigue Improvements in Major Depressive Disorder Following Tai Chi Training: A Pilot Study
The association between the brain and mind pops: a voxel-based morphometry study in 256 Chinese college students.
Neural Activation During Tonic Pain and Interaction Between Pain and Emotion in Bipolar Disorder: An fMRI Study
Electrical brain imaging evidences left auditory cortex involvement in speech and non-speech discrimination based on temporal features
Ketamine modulates subgenual cingulate connectivity with the memory-related neural circuit—a mechanism of relevance to resistant depression?
Abnormal hemispheric specialization and inter-hemispheric functional cooperation in generalized anxiety disorder.
Disrupted metabolic and spontaneous neuronal activity of hippocampus in sepsis associated encephalopathy rats: A study combining magnetic resonance spectroscopy and resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging
The neural correlates of value hierarchies: a prospective typology based on personal value profiles of emerging adults
An fMRI Study of Word Reading and Colour Recognition in Different Quadrant Fields
Brain function effects of autonomous sensory meridian response (ASMR) video viewing
Effects of Exercise Modes on Neural Processing of Working Memory in Late Middle-Aged Adults: An fMRI Study
Representations of conceptual information during automatic and active semantic access.
Altered Functional Connectivity Strength of Primary Visual Cortex in Subjects with Diabetic Retinopathy
Mind the gap: Congruence between present and future motivational states shapes prospective decisions.
Attention-Related Brain Activation Is Altered in Older Adults With White Matter Hyperintensities Using Multi-Echo fMRI
Autism in Fragile X Syndrome; A Functional MRI Study of Facial Emotion-Processing
Regional white matter volume abnormalities in first-episode somatization disorder.
Inter-subject synchrony as an index of functional specialization in early childhood
Error-related activity of the sensorimotor network contributes to the prediction of response to cognitive-behavioral therapy in obsessive–compulsive disorder
Functional connectivity–based prediction of global cognition and motor function in riluzole-naive amyotrophic lateral sclerosis patients
The Associations Between Grey Matter Volume Covariance Patterns and Gait Variability-The Tasmanian Study of Cognition and Gait.
Brain Anatomy Alterations and Mental Health Challenges Correlate to Email Addiction Tendency
Structural MRI substrate of long-duration response to levodopa in Parkinson’s disease: an exploratory study
Gray Matter Covariance Networks as Classifiers and Predictors of Cognitive Function in Alzheimer’s Disease
Biased and unbiased perceptual decision-making on vocal emotions
Contribution of the Lateral Prefrontal Cortex to Cognitive-Postural Multitasking
Insular Connectivity Is Associated With Self-Appraisal of Cognitive Function After a Concussion
"Human brain patterns underlying vigilant attention: impact of sleep debt, circadian phase and attentional engagement"
The role of the l-IPS in the comprehension of reversible and irreversible sentences: an rTMS study
Functional neural changes associated with acquired amusia across different stages of recovery after stroke
Cognitive Profiles of Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis Differ in Resting-State Functional Connectivity: An fMRI Study
Concordance between focal brain temperature elevations and focal edema in temporal lobe epilepsy.
Symptom-Related Differential Neuroimaging Biomarkers in Children with Corpus Callosum Abnormalities.
"Microstructural brain abnormalities, fatigue, and cognitive dysfunction after mild COVID-19"
Neural mechanism and heritability of complex motor sequence and audiovisual integration: A healthy twin study.
The functional role of the inferior parietal lobe in the dorsal and ventral stream dichotomy
The Neural Mechanisms of Re-Experiencing Mental Fatigue Sensation: A Magnetoencephalography Study
Hypogyrification in Generalized Anxiety Disorder and Associated with Insomnia Symptoms
Adapting to Changes in Communication: The Orbitofrontal Cortex in Language and Speech Processing
Somatotopic Map and Inter- and Intra-Digit Distance in Brodmann Area 2 by Pressure Stimulation
The Atypical Effective Connectivity of Right Temporoparietal Junction in Autism Spectrum Disorder: A Multi-Site Study
The mediating role of hippocampal networks on stress regulation in amnestic mild cognitive impairment
Motor Symptom Lateralization Influences Cortico-Striatal Functional Connectivity in Parkinson's Disease
The moderating effect of prefrontal response to sleep-related stimuli on the association between depression and sleep disturbance in insomnia disorder
Human-Robot Interaction: Does Robotic Guidance Force Affect Gait-Related Brain Dynamics during Robot-Assisted Treadmill Walking?
Surface-based map plasticity of brain regions related to sensory motor and pain information processing after osteonecrosis of the femoral head
A meta‐analysis of functional magnetic resonance imaging studies of eye movements and visual word reading
Altered local and remote functional connectivity in mild Alzheimer’s disease patients with sleep disturbances
Through your eyes or mine? The neural correlates of mental state recognition in Huntington's disease.
Characterizing and Predicting Autism Spectrum Disorder by Performing Resting-State Functional Network Community Pattern Analysis
Identification of Pre-Spike Network in Patients with Mesial Temporal Lobe Epilepsy
Altered Effective Connectivity of Resting-State Networks by Tai Chi Chuan in Chronic Fatigue Syndrome Patients: A Multivariate Granger Causality Study
Modulation of neural fMRI responses to visual food cues by overeating and fasting interventions: A preliminary study
Association between impulsivity and neural activation to alcohol cues in heavy drinkers.
The Neurocognitive Architecture of Individual Differences in Math Anxiety in Typical Children
Progressive brain atrophy in Parkinson's disease patients who convert to mild cognitive impairment
Altered dynamics of functional connectivity density associated with early and advanced stages of motor training in tennis and table tennis athletes.
Altered dynamic amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation between bipolar type I and type II in the depressive state
Childhood Maltreatment Experience Influences Neural Response to Psychosocial Stress in Adults: An fMRI Study
Brain regions involved in moxibustion-induced analgesia in irritable bowel syndrome with diarrhea: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Aberrant emotion networks in early major depressive disorder patients: an eigenvector centrality mapping study
Structural and functional characterization of the locus coeruleus in young and late middle-aged individuals
Cerebral blood flow is not modulated following acute aerobic exercise in preadolescent children.
Specific subsystems of the inferior parietal lobule are associated with hand dysfunction following stroke: A cross‐sectional resting‐state fMRI study
When a sentence loses semantics: Selective involvement of a left anterior temporal subregion in semantic processing.
Comparison of Brain Activation According to fMRI Data in Patient with Depression (After Acute Coronary Syndrome and Somatically Healthy) and Healthy Volunteers
Orbitofrontal cortex functional connectivity changes in patients with binge eating disorder and bulimia nervosa
Lower cognitive reappraisal capacity is related to impairments in attachment and personality structure in poly-drug use: an fMRI study
Higher Cardiorespiratory Fitness is Associated with Reduced Functional Brain Connectivity During Performance of the Stroop Task
Characterization of Source-Localized EEG Activity During Sustained Deep-Tissue Pain.
How the body remembers: Examining the default mode and sensorimotor networks during moral injury autobiographical memory retrieval in PTSD
Disrupted default mode network dynamics in recuperative patients of herpes zoster pain
Disruption of Neural Activity and Functional Connectivity in Adolescents With Major Depressive Disorder Who Engage in Non-suicidal Self-Injury: A Resting-State fMRI Study
The Brain Networks Basis for Deductive and Inductive Reasoning: A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Cortical alterations in phobic postural vertigo – a multimodal imaging approach
Neural Signatures of Social Inclusion in Borderline Personality Disorder Versus Non-suicidal Self-injury.
Age-related alterations in the oscillatory dynamics serving verbal working memory processing
"Neural activity changes in first-episode, drug-naïve patients with major depressive disorder after transcutaneous auricular vagus nerve stimulation treatment: A resting-state fMRI study"
Altered Brain Signal Variability in Patients With Generalized Anxiety Disorder
Task context load induces reactive cognitive control: An fMRI study on cortical and brain stem activity
Associations between Brain Structural Damage and Core Muscle Loss in Patients with Parkinson’s Disease
Does emotion regulation engage the same neural circuit as working memory? A meta-analytical comparison between cognitive reappraisal of negative emotion and 2-back working memory task
Association of Body Mass and Brain Activation during Gastric Distention: Implications for Obesity
HOXA1 A218G polymorphism is associated with smaller cerebellar volume in healthy humans.
Brain correlates of emotional prosodic change detection in autism spectrum disorder
Neural Mechanisms Underlying the Effects of Novel Sounds on Task Performance in Children With and Without ADHD
Multimodal neuroimaging correlates of spectral power in NREM sleep delta sub-bands in cognitively unimpaired older adults
Increased Subjective Distaste and Altered Insula Activity to Umami Tastant in Patients with Bulimia Nervosa
Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study of Electroacupuncture Stimulating Uterine Acupoints
Functional MRI neurofeedback training on connectivity between two regions induces long-lasting changes in intrinsic functional network
Recommendations of Choice of Head Coil and Prescan Normalize Filter Depend on Region of Interest and Task
Frontal-midline theta reflects different mechanisms associated with proactive and reactive control of inhibition.
Neural substrates of the interaction between effort-expenditure reward decision-making and outcome anticipation.
Resonance-Paced Breathing Alters Neural Response to Visual Cues: Proof-of-Concept for a Neuroscience-Informed Adjunct to Addiction Treatments
Supraspinal characterization of the thermal grill illusion with fMRI
Neural responses to emotional involuntary memories in posttraumatic stress disorder: Differences in timing and activity
"An Event Related Potentials Study of the Effects of Age, Load and Maintenance Duration on Working Memory Recognition"
Altered Functional Connectivity in the Resting State Neostriatum After Complete Sleep Deprivation: Impairment of Motor Control and Regulatory Network
Aberrant brain intra- and internetwork functional connectivity in children with Prader-Willi syndrome
Neural basis responsible for episodic future thinking effects on procrastination: The interaction between the cognitive control pathway and emotional processing pathway.
Escitalopram modulates learning content-specific neuroplasticity of functional brain networks.
Altered Regional Homogeneity and Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuations Induced by Electroconvulsive Therapy for Adolescents with Depression and Suicidal Ideation
The functional activity and effective connectivity of pulvinar are modulated by individual differences in threat-related attentional bias
Altered salience network connectivity predicts macronutrient intake after sleep deprivation
Disrupted Resting-State Default Mode Network in Betel Quid-Dependent Individuals
Neural processing of vision and language in kindergarten is associated with prereading skills and predicts future literacy
The duality of temporal encoding – the intrinsic and extrinsic representation of time
Trait Empathy Shapes Neural Responses Toward Sad Music
Difference in neural reactivity to taste stimuli and visual food stimuli in neural circuits of ingestive behavior.
Structural and Functional Alterations in Hemodialysis Patients: A Voxel-Based Morphometry and Functional Connectivity Study
Functional neuroanatomy of reading in Czech: Evidence of a dual-route processing architecture in a shallow orthography
Characterizing multiscale modular structures in medication‐free obsessive–compulsive disorder patients with no comorbidity
Abnormal Spatial Patterns of Intrinsic Brain Activity in Osteonecrosis of the Femoral Head: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Statistical power comparisons at 3T and 7T with a GO / NOGO task.
Abacus in the Brain: A Longitudinal Functional MRI Study of a Skilled Abacus User with a Right Hemispheric Lesion
Amplitude of Low-Frequency Fluctuation With Different Clinical Outcomes in Patients With Generalized Tonic–Clonic Seizures
Both frontal and temporal cortex exhibit phonological and semantic specialization during spoken language processing in 7‐ to 8‐year‐old children
fMRI Guided rTMS Evidence for Reduced Left Prefrontal Involvement after Task Practice
Neural Correlates of Temporal Complexity and Synchrony during Audiovisual Correspondence Detection
Decreased Amygdalar Activation to NSSI-Stimuli in People Who Engage in NSSI: A Neuroimaging Pilot Study
The Effect of Criticism on Functional Brain Connectivity and Associations with Neuroticism
The impact of sleep deprivation on food desire in the human brain
Structural connectivity associated with familial risk for mental illness: A meta‐analysis of diffusion tensor imaging studies in relatives of patients with severe mental disorders
White matter microstructural alterations in patients with neuropathic pain after spinal cord injury: a diffusion tensor imaging study
Limbic Interference During Social Action Planning in Schizophrenia
Neural substrates for moral judgments of psychological versus physical harm
Genetically-mediated Grey and White Matter Alteration in Normal  Elderly Individuals with the CLU-C Allele Gene
Motor imagery-based brain–computer interface rehabilitation programs enhance upper extremity performance and cortical activation in stroke patients
The Difference of Neural Networks between Bimanual Antiphase and In-Phase Upper Limb Movements: A Preliminary Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Post mTBI fatigue is associated with abnormal brain functional connectivity
Characteristics of brain activation in high-level football players at different stages of decision-making tasks off the ball: an fMRI study
Differential brain mechanisms for processing distracting information in task-relevant and -irrelevant dimensions in visual search.
Neural representations of anxiety in adolescents with anorexia nervosa: a multivariate approach
Maturation of Brain Regions Related to the Default Mode Network during Adolescence Facilitates Narrative Comprehension
Context dependent differences in working memory related brain activity in heavy cannabis users
Abnormal functional connectivity of the nucleus accumbens subregions mediates the association between anhedonia and major depressive disorder
Glucose Control Has an Impact on Cerebral Blood Flow Alterations in Chronic Tinnitus Patients
Intrinsic neural network dynamics underlying the ability to down-regulate emotions in male perpetrators of intimate partner violence against women
Structural Neural Substrates of Reading the Mind in the Eyes
Impact of couple conflict and mediation on how romantic partners are seen: An fMRI study.
Neurocognitive patterns across genetic levels in behavioral variant frontotemporal dementia: a multiple single cases study
Emotional learning promotes perceptual predictions by remodeling stimulus representation in visual cortex
A parietal region processing numerosity of observed actions: An FMRI study
Willingness to participate in geolocation-based research
Syntax gradually segregates from semantics in the developing brain.
Hormone therapy at early post-menopause increases cognitive control-related prefrontal activity
Age-related differences in brain activation during working memory updating: An fMRI study.
Functional Alterations of the Basal Ganglia Are Associated with Voluntary Activation of the Core Stabilizing Muscles in Patients with Chronic Low Back Pain: A Cross-Sectional Study
Connectivity of the Human Number Form Area Reveals Development of a Cortical Network for Mathematics
"Task-Related, Low-Frequency Task-Residual, and Resting State Activity in the Default Mode Network Brain Regions"
Brain correlates of subjective freedom of choice
Brain networks for visual creativity: a functional connectivity study of planning a visual artwork
Intonation processing increases task‐specific fronto‐temporal connectivity in tonal language speakers
Gray matter volume of cerebellum associated with idiopathic normal pressure hydrocephalus: A cross-sectional analysis
A Dissociation in Effects of Risperidone Monotherapy on Functional and Anatomical Connectivity Within the Default Mode Network.
Resting Functional Connectivity of Language Networks: Characterization and Reproducibility
Extended and replicated white matter changes in obesity: Voxel-based and region of interest meta-analyses of diffusion tensor imaging studies
BOLD activity during emotion reappraisal positively correlates with dietary self-control success
Brain state flexibility accompanies motor-skill acquisition
Agrammatism and Paragrammatism: A Cortical Double Dissociation Revealed by Lesion-Symptom Mapping
Cardiovascular risk and encoding-related hippocampal connectivity in older adults
Resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging reveals brain remodeling after Tuina therapy in neuropathic pain model
Left superior temporal sulcus morphometry mediates the impact of anxiety and depressive symptoms on sleep quality in healthy adults
Prognostication of chronic disorders of consciousness using brain functional networks and clinical characteristics
Cognitive Deficit and Aberrant Intrinsic Brain Functional Network in Early-Stage Drug-Naive Parkinson’s Disease
Identifying Schizo-Obsessive Comorbidity by Tract-Based Spatial Statistics and Probabilistic Tractography.
The Limbic-Prefrontal Network Modulated by Electroacupuncture at CV4 and CV12
Mapping effective connectivity in the human brain with concurrent intracranial electrical stimulation and BOLD-fMRI.
A central role for the lateral prefrontal cortex in goal-directed and stimulus-driven attention
Brain-imaging evidence for compression of binary sound sequences in human memory
Methamphetamine dependence with and without psychotic symptoms: A multi-modal brain imaging study
Distinct alterations of functional connectivity of the basal forebrain subregions in insomnia disorder
Increased Amygdala-Paracentral Lobule/Precuneus Functional Connectivity Associated With Patients With Mood Disorder and Suicidal Behavior
Sustained attention in skilled and novice martial arts athletes: a study of event-related potentials and current sources
Altered striatal functional connectivity and structural dysconnectivity in individuals with bipolar disorder: A resting state magnetic resonance imaging study
Exploration of scanning effects in multi-site structural MRI studies.
Local-to-Remote Brain Functional Connectivity in Patients with Thyroid-Associated Ophthalmopathy and Assessment of Its Predictive Value Using Machine Learning
Abnormality of spontaneous brain activities in patients with chronic neck and shoulder pain: A resting-state fMRI study
Whole brain surface-based morphometry and tract-based spatial statistics in migraine with aura patients: difference between pure visual and complex auras
"IL-6, but not TNF-α, response to alcohol cues and acute consumption associated with neural cue reactivity, craving, and future drinking in binge drinkers"
Neural Representation of Articulable and Inarticulable Novel Sound Contrasts: The Role of the Dorsal Stream
Investigation of Brain Activation Patterns Related to the Feminization or Masculinization of Body and Face Images across Genders
The Influence of Socioeconomic Status on Children’s Brain Structure
Decreased Nucleus Accumbens Connectivity at Rest in Medication-Free Patients with Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder
An fMRI investigation of neural activation predicting memory formation in children with fetal alcohol spectrum disorders
Beyond the Arcuate Fasciculus: Damage to Ventral and Dorsal Language Pathways in Aphasia.
Prefrontal cortex-mediated inhibition supports face recognition.
Visual Attention and Poor Sleep Quality
Action and Non-Action Oriented Body Representations: Insight from Behavioural and Grey Matter Modifications in Individuals with Lower Limb Amputation
Multisensory and modality specific processing of visual speech in different regions of the premotor cortex
Neural Pathways Linking Autonomous Exercise Motivation and Exercise-Induced Unhealthy Eating: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Self-referential processing in individuals with nonsuicidal self-injury: An fMRI study
Dynamic Functional Connectivity Alterations and Their Associated Gene Expression Pattern in Autism Spectrum Disorders
Does the cerebellum contribute to cognitive aspects of speech production? A functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) study in humans.
Degeneracy in the neurological model of auditory speech repetition
Neuroanatomical changes due to hearing loss and chronic tinnitus: a combined VBM and DTI study.
Does Human Body Odor Represent a Significant and Rewarding Social Signal to Individuals High in Social Openness?
The Abnormal Functional Connectivity between the Hypothalamus and the Temporal Gyrus Underlying Depression in Alzheimer’s Disease Patients
Altered Coupling of Cerebral Blood Flow and Functional Connectivity Strength in First-Episode Schizophrenia Patients With Auditory Verbal Hallucinations
Altered Global Signal Topography in Alcohol Use Disorders
Long-term retrograde amnesia...the crucial role of the hippocampus.
A voxel-based morphometric study of age- and sex-related changes in white matter volume in the normal aging brain
Gray and White Matter Degenerations in Subjective Memory Impairment: Comparisons with Normal Controls and Mild Cognitive Impairment
Globus Pallidus Interna in Tourette Syndrome: Decreased Local Activity and Disrupted Functional Connectivity
The longitudinal relationship between BOLD signal variability changes and white matter maturation during early childhood.
Brain Responses to Food Choices and Decisions Depend on Individual Hedonic Profiles and Eating Habits in Healthy Young Women
Amygdalar Functional Connectivity Differences Associated With Reduced Pain Intensity in Pediatric Peripheral Neuropathic Pain
Competitive interactions between cognitive reappraisal and mentalizing.
SSRI Treatment Response Prediction in Depression Based on Brain Activation by Emotional Stimuli
Incidental haptic sensations influence judgment of crimes
Personality influences the neural responses to viewing facial expressions of emotion
Neural network modelling reveals changes in directional connectivity between cortical and hypothalamic regions with increased BMI
Test-retest reliability in an fMRI study of naming in dementia.
Mapping migraine to a common brain network.
Working Memory for Signs with Poor Visual Resolution: fMRI Evidence of Reorganization of Auditory Cortex in Deaf Signers
Neural substrates underlying reconcentration for the preparation of an appropriate cognitive state to prevent future mistakes: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Cognitive Rehabilitation in Parkinson’s Disease: Evidence from Neuroimaging
Characterizing the temporal dynamics of intrinsic brain activities in depressed adolescents with prior suicide attempts
Effects of age and gender on neural correlates of emotion imagery
Neural Correlates of a Perspective-taking Task Using in a Realistic Three-dimmensional Environment Based Task: A Pilot Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Improved Interhemispheric Functional Connectivity in Postpartum Depression Disorder: Associations With Individual Target-Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation Treatment Effects
Neuroanatomy and Functional Connectivity in Patients with Parkinson’s Disease with or without Restless Legs Syndrome
Evaluation of whole-brain oxygen metabolism in Alzheimer's disease using QSM and quantitative BOLD.
Getting the word out: neural correlates of enthusiastic message propagation
Atrophy of Basal Forebrain Initiates with Tau Pathology in Individuals at Risk for Alzheimer's Disease.
Acupuncture modulates the frequency-specific functional connectivity density in primary dysmenorrhea
Altered dynamic functional connectivity of insular subdivisions among male cigarette smokers
Meta-analyses of the neural mechanisms and predictors of response to psychotherapy in depression and anxiety
Altered serum amyloid beta and cerebral perfusion and their associations with cognitive function in patients with subcortical ischemic vascular disease
Resting‐state effective connectivity is systematically linked to reappraisal success of high‐ and low‐intensity negative emotions
Neural Correlates of Attachment Representation in Patients With Borderline Personality Disorder Using a Personalized Functional Magnet Resonance Imaging Task
Tinnitus- related distress: evidence from fMRI of an emotional stroop task
Eating to dare - Nutrition impacts human risky decision and related brain function.
Dissociating What and When of Intentional Actions
The neural correlates of the unified percept of alcohol-related craving: a fMRI and EEG study
Striatal networks for tinnitus treatment targeting
The contribution of phonological information to visual word recognition: Evidence from Chinese phonetic radicals.
Different Temporal Structure for Form versus Surface Cortical Color Systems – Evidence from Chromatic Non-Linear VEP
Functional Source Separation for EEG-fMRI Fusion: Application to Steady-State Visual Evoked Potentials
From uncertainty to reward: BOLD characteristics differentiate signaling pathways
"Disrupted Regional Cerebral Blood Flow, Functional Activity and Connectivity in Alzheimer’s Disease: A Combined ASL Perfusion and Resting State fMRI Study"
Distinct mechanisms drive hemispheric lateralization of object recognition in the visual word form and fusiform face areas.
A tug of war: antagonistic effective connectivity patterns over the motor cortex and the severity of motor symptoms in Gilles de la Tourette syndrome.
Revisiting the Landmark Task as a tool for studying hemispheric specialization: What's really right?
Neural mechanisms of costly helping in the general population and mirror-pain synesthetes
Earliest amyloid and tau deposition modulate the influence of limbic networks during closed-loop hippocampal downregulation
"Functional connectivity of resting-state, working memory and inhibition networks in perceived stress"
Trait representation of embodied cognition in dancers pivoting on the extended mirror neuron system: a resting-state fMRI study
Intersubject Synchronization of Late Adolescent Brain Responses to Violent Movies: A Virtue-Ethics Approach
Voxel-Wise Brain-Wide Functional Connectivity Abnormalities in Patients with Primary Blepharospasm at Rest
Fusiform Activity Distinguishes Between Subjects With Low and High Xenophobic Attitudes Toward Refugees
Remodelling the attentional system after left hemispheric stroke: Effect of leftward prismatic adaptation.
From details to large scale: the representation of environmental positions follows a granularity gradient along the human hippocampal and entorhinal anterior-posterior axis.
Adding insult to injury: neural sensitivity to social exclusion is associated with internalizing symptoms in chronically peer-victimized girls.
"Resting State Default Mode Network Connectivity, Dual Task Performance, Gait Speed, and Postural Sway in Older Adults with Mild Cognitive Impairment"
Electrocortical measures of win and loss processing are associated with mesocorticolimbic functional connectivity: A combined ERP and rs‐fMRI study
Altered Regional Homogeneity and Functional Connectivity during Microlesion Period after Deep Brain Stimulation in Parkinson's Disease
Functional near-infrared spectroscopy in developmental psychiatry: a review of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.
Neural codes of seeing architectural styles
Structural and functional brain alterations in anorexia nervosa:A multimodal meta‐analysis of neuroimaging studies
Productivity costs associated with reactive school closures related to influenza or influenza-like illness in the United States from 2011 to 2019
Differential activation of the lateral premotor cortex during action observation
Reduced top‐down attentional control in adolescents with generalized anxiety disorder
Altered amygdala circuits underlying valence processing among manic and depressed phases in bipolar adults.
Neural processing of infant and adult face emotion and maternal exposure to childhood maltreatment
Virtual Milgram: Empathic Concern or Personal Distress? Evidence from Functional MRI and Dispositional Measures
Constructing Visual Perception of Body Movement with the Motor Cortex
Sequential Neural Processes in Abacus Mental Addition: An EEG and fMRI Case Study
Abnormal Degree Centrality of Bilateral Putamen and Left Superior Frontal Gyrus in Schizophrenia with Auditory Hallucinations: A Resting-state Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Functional Connectivity of Successful Picture-Naming: Age-Specific Organization and the Effect of Engaging in Stimulating Activities
Improved cognition after rifaximin treatment is associated with changes in intra- and inter-brain network functional connectivity
Functional dissociation of hippocampal subregions corresponding to memory types and stages
Erroneously Disgusted: fMRI Study Supports Disgust-Related Neural Reuse in Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder (OCD)
Preterm birth and structural brain alterations in early adulthood
The impact of sample size on the reproducibility of voxel-based lesion-deficit mappings
Mapping grip-force related brain activity after a fatiguing motor task in multiple sclerosis
Exposure to Multicultural Context Affects Neural Response to Out-Group Faces: A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study
Effects of informative and confirmatory feedback on brain activation during negative feedback processing
Hypersensitivity to passive voice hearing in hallucination proneness
Long-Term Stabilization Effects of Leptin on Brain Functions in a Leptin-Deficient Patient
Impact of induced anxiety on neural responses to monetary incentives.
A Study of the Brain Abnormalities of Post-Stroke Depression in Frontal Lobe Lesion
Striatal dopamine transporter binding differs between dementia with Lewy bodies and Parkinson's disease with dementia.
Gray Matter and Regional Brain Activity Abnormalities in Subclinical Hypothyroidism
Network organization of resting-state cerebral hemodynamics and their aliasing contributions measured by functional near-infrared spectroscopy
Re-learning to be different: Increased neural differentiation supports post-stroke language recovery.
Disentangling motor planning and motor execution in unmedicated de novo Parkinson's disease patients: An fMRI study
Gender-Related Differences in Regional Cerebral Glucose Metabolism in Normal Aging Brain
Regulation of Craving and Negative Emotion in Alcohol Use Disorder.
Common and distinct changes of default mode and salience network in schizophrenia and major depression.
Neurocomputational mechanisms underlying the subjective value of information
Cognitive Control Network Contributions to Memory-Guided Visual Attention.
Association between gene expression and altered resting-state functional networks in type 2 diabetes
Alterations of interhemispheric functional homotopic connectivity and corpus callosum microstructure in bulimia nervosa
Frontotemporal activation differs between perception of simulated cochlear implant speech and speech in background noise: An image-based fNIRS study
MRI assessment of cortical thickness and functional activity changes in adolescent girls following three months of practice on a visual-spatial task
Preparing hearts and minds: cardiac slowing and a cortical inhibitory network.
Abnormal network connections to early visual cortex in posterior cortical atrophy.
Decreased Bilateral FDG-PET Uptake and Inter-Hemispheric Connectivity in Multi-Domain Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment Patients: A Preliminary Study
An ALE meta-analytical review of the neural correlates of abstract and concrete words
Dysregulated brain salience within a triple network model in high trait anxiety individuals: A pilot EEG functional connectivity study.
Compensatory functional reorganization may precede hypertension-related brain damage and cognitive decline: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study
Depth of Encoding Through Observed Gestures in Foreign Language Word Learning
The role of the right temporo-parietal junction in social decision-making.
Hemodynamic modeling of long-term aspirin effects on blood oxygenated level dependent responses at 7 Tesla in patients at cardiovascular risk.
Decreased Functional Connectivity of the Primary Visual Cortex and the Correlation With Clinical Features in Patients With Intermittent Exotropia
Changes in Brain Activation through Cognitive-Behavioral Therapy with Exposure to Virtual Reality: A Neuroimaging Study of Specific Phobia
Effects of television viewing on brain structures and risk of dementia in the elderly: Longitudinal analyses
"Semantic representations in inferior frontal and lateral temporal cortex during picture naming, reading, and repetition"
White matter microstructure and the clinical risk for psychosis: A diffusion tensor imaging study of individuals with basic symptoms and at ultra-high risk
A precise language network revealed by the independent component-based lesion mapping in post-stroke aphasia
Reduced engagement of the anterior cingulate cortex in the dishonest decision-making of incarcerated psychopaths
Functional connectivity of the visual cortex differentiates anxiety comorbidity from episodic migraineurs without aura
Asymmetrical white matter networks for attending to global versus local features
"Sex, Age, and Handedness Modulate the Neural Correlates of Active Learning"
BDNF influences neural cue-reactivity to food stimuli and food craving in obesity
I See Your Effort: Force-Related BOLD Effects in an Extended Action Execution–Observation Network Involving the Cerebellum
Activation of cerebellar lobules VI-VII during motor imagery but not during motor activation in unilateral cerebellar hypoplasia
Frequency-Dependent Amplitude Alterations of Resting-State Spontaneous Fluctuations in Late-Onset Depression
Task-Switching Performance Improvements After Tai Chi Chuan Training Are Associated With Greater Prefrontal Activation in Older Adults
EEG-fMRI: Ballistocardiogram Artifact Reduction by Surrogate Method for Improved Source Localization
Mapping the Spatiotemporal Evolution of Emotional Processing: An MEG Study Across Arousal and Valence Dimensions
Neural response to stress and perceived stress differ in patients with left temporal lobe epilepsy.
"Enhanced Connectivity of Thalamo-Cortical Networks in First-Episode, Treatment-Naive Somatization Disorder"
Endogenous GLP-1 mediates postprandial reductions in activation in central reward and satiety areas in patients with type 2 diabetes
"Effects of Body Mass Index and Body Fat Percent on Default Mode, Executive Control, and Salience Network Structure and Function"
Cortical Reorganization in Patients Recovered from Bell's Palsy: An Orofacial and Finger Movements Task-State fMRI Study
The Higher Parietal Cortical Thickness in Abstinent Methamphetamine Patients Is Correlated With Functional Connectivity and Age of First Usage
Visual word form processing deficits driven by severity of reading impairments in children with developmental dyslexia
Sex-related differences in behavioral and amygdalar responses to compound facial threat cues.
Structural connectivity of right frontal hyperactive areas scales with stuttering severity
Different brain activity in response to emotional faces alone and augmented by contextual information.
White matter maturation is associated with the emergence of Theory of Mind in early childhood
Cognitive Avoidance Is Associated with Decreased Brain Responsiveness to Threat Distractors under High Perceptual Load
The brain’s structural differences between postherpetic neuralgia and lower back pain
Aging effects on the encoding/retrieval flip in associative memory: fMRI evidence from incidental contingency learning
Cognition in Friedreich's ataxia: a behavioral and multimodal imaging study
Differential Age-Related Changes in Structural Covariance Networks of Human Anterior and Posterior Hippocampus
Age-Related Differences in Amygdala Activation Associated With Face Trustworthiness but No Evidence of Oxytocin Modulation
The Role of High-Frequency MRI Monitoring in the Detection of Brain Atrophy in Multiple Sclerosis.
Altered functional connectivity in patients with post-stroke memory impairment: A resting fMRI study
Load-dependent inverted U–shaped connectivity of the default mode network in schizophrenia during a working-memory task: evidence from a replication functional MRI study
Cognitive and Neural Mechanisms of Social Communication Dysfunction in Primary Progressive Aphasia
Altered Parietal Activation during Non-symbolic Number Comparison in Children with Prenatal Alcohol Exposure
In the grip of worry: cerebral blood flow changes during worry induction and reappraisal in late-life generalized anxiety disorder
Dynamic causal modeling analysis reveals the modulation of motor cortex and integration in superior temporal gyrus during multisensory speech perception
Sports promote brain evolution: a resting-state fMRI study of volleyball athlete
The atrophy of white and gray matter volume in patients with comitant strabismus: Evidence from a voxel-based morphometry study
Increased anticipatory brain response to pleasant touch in women remitted from bulimia nervosa
"Clarifying the Role of the Rostral dmPFC/dACC in Fear/Anxiety: Learning, Appraisal or Expression?"
Distinct Brain and Behavioral Benefits from Cognitive vs. Physical Training: A Randomized Trial in Aging Adults
Distinct brain network organizations between club players and novices under different difficulty levels
Exploration of changes in the brain response to sleep-related pictures after cognitive–behavioral therapy for psychophysiological insomnia
Motor asymmetry related cerebral perfusion patterns in Parkinson's disease: An arterial spin labeling study
The neural correlates of integrated aesthetics between moral and facial beauty
Network connectivity predicts language processing in healthy adults
Characterization of kinesthetic motor imagery compared with visual motor imageries
Relationship between G1287A of the NET Gene Polymorphisms and Brain Volume in Major Depressive Disorder: A Voxel-Based MRI Study
Neural oscillations underlying selective attention follow sexually divergent developmental trajectories during adolescence
Gender-related differences in neural responses to gaming cues before and after gaming: implications for gender-specific vulnerabilities to Internet gaming disorder
Better than Expected or as Bad as You Thought? The Neurocognitive Development of Probabilistic Feedback Processing
"Callosal abnormalities, altered cortisol levels, and neurocognitive deficits associated with early maltreatment among adolescents: A voxel‐based diffusion‐tensor imaging study"
"Contributions of episodic retrieval and mentalizing to autobiographical thought: evidence from functional neuroimaging, resting-state connectivity, and fMRI meta-analyses."
Spatiotemporal characteristics of the neural representation of event concepts.
Gender incongruence and the brain - Behavioral and neural correlates of voice gender perception in transgender people.
Decreased Gray-Matter Volume in Insular Cortex as a Correlate of Singers’ Enhanced Sensorimotor Control of Vocal Production
Functional and structural basis of the color-flavor incongruency effect in visual search.
"Correlated Resting-State Functional MRI Activity of Frontostriatal, Thalamic, Temporal, and Cerebellar Brain Regions Differentiates Stroke Survivors with High Compared to Low Depressive Symptom Scores"
Neural signatures of social inferences predict the number of real-life social contacts and autism severity
Alterations of Regional Homogeneity in Crohn's Disease With Psychological Disorders: A Resting-State fMRI Study
Tool selection and the ventral‐dorsal organization of tool‐related knowledge
Identification of the Cognitive Interference Effect Related to Stroop Stimulation: Using Dynamic Causal Modeling of Effective Connectivity in Functional Near-Infrared Spectroscopy (fNIRS)
Atomoxetine Enhances Connectivity of Prefrontal Networks in Parkinson's Disease
Refractive error is associated with intracranial volume
"Hemispheric Asymmetries in Speech Perception: Sense, Nonsense and Modulations"
Sleep/Wake Regularity Associated with Default Mode Network Structure among Healthy Adolescents and Young Adults
"Effects of an In-home Multicomponent Exergame Training on Physical Functions, Cognition, and Brain Volume of Older Adults: A Randomized Controlled Trial"
Temporal Interference (TI) Stimulation Boosts Functional Connectivity in Human Motor Cortex: A Comparison Study with Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS)
Characteristics of resting-state functional connectivity in older adults after the PICMOR intervention program: a preliminary report
MRI Indices of Cortical Development in Young People With Psychotic Experiences: Influence of Genetic Risk and Persistence of Symptoms
"Increased functional activity, bottom-up and intrinsic effective connectivity in autism"
Haptic study of three-dimensional objects activates extrastriate visual areas.
Dissociable neural pathways for the perception and recognition of expressive and instrumental gestures.
Isolating the internal in endogenous attention.
"Alerting, Orienting, and Executive Control: The Effect of Bilingualism and Age on the Subcomponents of Attention"
Reduced neural selectivity for mental states in deaf children with delayed exposure to sign language
"Trait Emotional Empathy and Resting State Functional Connectivity in Default Mode, Salience, and Central Executive Networks"
Second language learning induces grey matter volume increase in people with multiple sclerosis
Abnormal intrinsic brain activities in stable patients with COPD: a resting-state functional MRI study
Resting-state functional connectivity and structural differences between smokers and healthy non-smokers
The Localization of Long-Distance Dependency Components: Integrating the Focal-lesion and Neuroimaging Record
Recursion in action: An fMRI study on the generation of new hierarchical levels in motor sequences
Gender Differences in Hippocampal/Parahippocampal Functional Connectivity Network in Patients Diagnosed with Chronic Insomnia Disorder
Magnetization transfer imaging identifies basal ganglia abnormalities in adult ADHD that are invisible to conventional T1 weighted voxel-based morphometry
Decreased Functional Connectivity in Insular Subregions in Depressive Episodes of Bipolar Disorder and Major Depressive Disorder
Grey matter changes in Meige syndrome: a voxel-based morphology analysis
Thalamic functional connectivity and its association with behavioral performance in older age
Non-literal language processing is jointly supported by the language and theory of mind networks: Evidence from a novel meta-analytic fMRI approach.
Lateralization of Temporal Lobe Epilepsy Based on Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging and Machine Learning
Investigation of functional connectivity in Bell’s palsy using functional magnetic resonance imaging: prospective cross-sectional study
Functional imaging analyses reveal prototype and exemplar representations in a perceptual single-category task
Altered brain activation and functional connectivity in working memory related networks in patients with type 2 diabetes: An ICA-based analysis
A computational study of whole-brain connectivity in resting state and task fMRI
Neuroimaging during Trance State: A Contribution to the Study of Dissociation
Effects of bariatric surgery on functional connectivity of the reward and default mode network: A pre‐registered analysis
Preserved responsiveness of secondary somatosensory cortex in patients with thalamic stroke.
Frequency-Dependent Changes of the Resting BOLD Signals Predicts Cognitive Deficits in Asymptomatic Carotid Artery Stenosis
Brain functional connectivity in children with developmental coordination disorder following rehabilitation intervention
The role of the medial frontal cortex in the maintenance of emotional states
Neural substrates of affective temperaments: An intersubject representational similarity analysis to resting‐state functional magnetic resonance imaging in nonclinical subjects
Age‐related differences in brain network activation and co‐activation during multiple object tracking
Resting-state functional connectivity alteration in elderly patients with knee osteoarthritis and declined cognition: An observational study
Artificial intelligence framework identifies candidate targets for drug repurposing in Alzheimer’s disease
Cue-Elicited Craving in Heroin Addicts at Different Abstinent Time: An fMRI Pilot Study
Brain Activation in Motor Sequence Learning Is Related to the Level of Native Cortical Excitability
Brain activation underlying turning in Parkinson’s disease patients with and without freezing of gait: a virtual reality fMRI study
Brain activation during executive control after acute exercise in older adults.
Differential neural responding to affective stimuli in 6- to 8-year old children at high familial risk for depression: Associations with behavioral reward seeking.
Single photon emission computed tomography (SPECT) of anxiety disorders before and after treatment with citalopram
The top-down regulation from the prefrontal cortex to insula via hypnotic aversion suggestions reduces smoking craving.
Age Differences in Prefrontal Surface Area and Thickness in Middle Aged to Older Adults
Reduced Theta Connectivity during Set-Shifting in Children with Autism
"Neuromorphometric associations with mood, cognition, and self-reported exercise levels in epilepsy and healthy individuals"
Resting-state network connectivity in cognitively unimpaired drug-naïve patients with rigidity-dominant Parkinson's disease.
Dynamic Brain Connectivity in Resting-State FMRI Using Spectral ICA and Graph Approach: Application to Healthy Controls and Multiple Sclerosis
A Novel Approach to Evaluate Brain Activation for Lower Extremity Motor Control.
The contribution of the left precuneus to emotion memory in migraine without aura patients
Multivariate fMRI pattern analysis of fear perception across modalities.
Aberrant Advanced Cognitive and Attention-Related Brain Networks in Parkinson's Disease with Freezing of Gait
An fMRI Study of Local Synchronization in Different Subfrequency Bands during the Continuous Feedback of Finger Force
High feature overlap reveals the importance of anterior and medial temporal lobe structures for learning by means of fast mapping.
Altered Regional Cerebral Blood Perfusion in Mild Cognitive Impairment Patients with Dizziness
Disrupting the brain to validate hypotheses on the neurobiology of language
How spontaneous brain activity and narcissistic features shape social interaction
Mechanism of Depression through Brain Function Imaging of Depression Patients and Normal People
Exploring the hormonal and neural correlates of paternal protective behavior to their infants
The control of tonic pain by active relief learning
Decreased default mode network functional connectivity with visual processing regions as potential biomarkers for delayed neurocognitive recovery: A resting-state fMRI study and machine-learning analysis
Neurophysiological indicators of internal attention: An fMRI-eye-tracking coregistration study.
Abnormal resting-state functional connectivity underlies cognitive and clinical symptoms in patients with schizophrenia
Lower extremity Interlimb coordination associated brain activity in young female athletes: A biomechanically instrumented neuroimaging study.
Baseline brain and behavioral factors distinguish adolescent substance initiators and non-initiators at follow-up
Changes of the postcentral cortex in irritable bowel syndrome patients.
Anterior insular cortex is a bottleneck of cognitive control.
Effects of age-related hearing loss and hearing aid experience on sentence processing
Metacognition in Early Phase Psychosis: Toward Understanding Neural Substrates
Short-term Internet search using makes people rely on search engines when facing unknown issues
Smoking related attention alteration in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease-smoking comorbidity
Pass it on? The neural responses to rejection in the context of a family study on maltreatment
Recruitment of orbitofrontal cortex during unpredictable threat among adults at risk for affective disorders
Regional Homogeneity Abnormalities in Early-Onset and Adolescent-Onset Conduct Disorder in Boys: A Resting-State fMRI Study
From Molecular to Behavior: Higher Order Occipital Cortex in Major Depressive Disorder.
Motor outcome and electrode location in deep brain stimulation in Parkinson's disease
Anatomical brain difference of subthreshold depression in young and middle-aged individuals
Dorsolateral Prefrontal Functional Connectivity Predicts Working Memory Training Gains
"Between thought and expression, a magnetoencephalography study of the ""tip-of-the-tongue"" phenomenon."
First-Person Virtual Embodiment Modulates the Cortical Network that Encodes the Bodily Self and Its Surrounding Space during the Experience of Domestic Violence
The whole‐brain voxel‐based morphometry study in early stage of T2DM patients
The impact of past childhood adversity and recent life events on neural responses during fear conditioning.
Changes in resting state functional connectivity after repetitive transcranial direct current stimulation applied to motor cortex in fibromyalgia patients
Neural mechanisms of emotional health in traumatic brain injury patients undergoing rTMS treatment
Impaired neural processing of transitive relations in children with math learning difficulty
Different Functional Network Connectivity Patterns in Epilepsy: A Rest-State fMRI Study on Mesial Temporal Lobe Epilepsy and Benign Epilepsy With Centrotemporal Spike
Homeostasis and food craving in obesity: a functional MRI study
"Hyperglycaemia, Insulin Therapy and Critical Penumbral Regions for Prognosis in Acute Stroke: Further Insights from the INSULINFARCT Trial"
"Whole-Brain Network Connectivity Underlying the Human Speech Articulation as Emerged Integrating Direct Electric Stimulation, Resting State fMRI and Tractography"
No evidence from a negative mood induction fMRI task for frontal functional asymmetry as a suitable neurofeedback target
Extended Frontal Networks for Visual and Auditory Working Memory.
Neural systems of cognitive demand avoidance.
Hyperconnecitivity between dorsal attention and frontoparietal networks predicts treatment response in obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Thalamocortical Connectivity in Experimentally-Induced Migraine Attacks: A Pilot Study
Neural Hierarchy of Color Categorization: From Prototype Encoding to Boundary Encoding
Brain expansion in patients with type II diabetes following insulin therapy: a preliminary study with longitudinal voxel-based morphometry.
An evaluation of traffic-awareness campaign videos: empathy induction is associated with brain function within superior temporal sulcus
Neuroimaging Findings in Pediatric Genetic Skeletal Disorders: A Review.
Aerobic Fitness Linked to Cortical Brain Development in Adolescent Males: Preliminary Findings Suggest a Possible Role of BDNF Genotype
Atypical Neural Responses During Face Processing in Female Adolescents With Conduct Disorder
Intrinsic Brain Activity Alterations in Patients With Mild Cognitive Impairment-to-Normal Reversion: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study From Voxel to Whole-Brain Level
A balance of activity in brain control and reward systems predicts self-regulatory outcomes
Internet addiction and functional brain networks: task-related fMRI study
Altered local gyrification and functional connectivity in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients with mild cognitive impairment: A pilot cross-sectional small-scale single center study
A distributed network supports spatiotemporal cerebral dynamics of visual naming.
The effect of global signal regression on DCM estimates of noise and effective connectivity from resting state fMRI
A 7-Tesla MRI study of the periaqueductal gray: resting state and task activation under threat
Parasympathetic activity correlates with subjective and brain responses to rectal distension in healthy subjects but not in non-constipated patients with irritable bowel syndrome
Neural substrates of propranolol-induced impairments in the reconsolidation of nicotine-associated memories in smokers
"Minimizing threat via heuristic and optimal policies recruits
hippocampus and medial prefrontal cortex"
Reduced glucose metabolism in neocortical network nodes remote from hypothalamic hamartomas reflects cognitive impairment.
The Neuromagnetic Dynamics of Time Perception
Rapid neural changes during novel speech-sound learning: An fMRI and DTI study.
Association between brain morphometry and aerobic fitness level and sex in healthy emerging adults
Alterations in regional homogeneity of resting-state brain activity in internet gaming addicts
Network dynamics underlying alterations in apparent object size
The influence of contextual constraint on verbal selection mechanisms and its neural correlates in Parkinson's disease.
Dopaminergic and noradrenergic modulation of stress-induced alterations in brain activation associated with goal-directed behaviour
The neural basis of shared preference learning
Neurofunctional correlates of eye to hand motor transfer
fMRI resting state networks and their association with cognitive fluctuations in dementia with Lewy bodies
Effects of Musical Tempo on Musicians’ and Non-musicians’ Emotional Experience When Listening to Music
Regional differences in the link between water exchange rate across the blood–brain barrier and cognitive performance in normal aging
Exploring distinct default mode and semantic networks using a systematic ICA approach
Effect of acupuncture ‘dose’ on modulation of the default mode network of the brain
An fMRI Study on Self-Perception of Patients after Aesthetic Implant-Prosthetic Rehabilitation
"Differentiable Processing of Objects, Associations, and Scenes within the Hippocampus"
Effects of different viewing perspectives on somatosensory activations during observation of touch.
Structured Reporting in Neuroradiology: Intracranial Tumors
Can the Executive Control Network be Used to Diagnose Parkinson's Disease and as an Efficacy Indicator of Deep Brain Stimulation?
Abnormal cortical morphology in children and adolescents with intermittent exotropia
Longitudinal changes in brain structure and their relationship with subclinical psychiatric symptoms in parents who lost their only child in China
Clinical Correlates of Alzheimer's Disease Cerebrospinal Fluid Analytes in Primary Progressive Aphasia
Hypoconnectivity of the Amygdala in Patients with Low-Back-Related Leg Pain Linked to Individual Mechanical Pain Sensitivity: A Resting-State Functional MRI Study
"Ethnicity, minority status, and inter-group bias: A systematic meta-analysis on fMRI studies"
Resting-state functional connectivity patterns associated with childhood maltreatment in a large bicentric cohort of adults with and without major depression
Altered Brain Activity in Depression of Parkinson’s Disease: A Meta-Analysis and Validation Study
Differences in gray matter volume in episodic migraine patients with and without prior diagnosis or clinical care: a cross-sectional study
Relationship between blood amyloid A and resting magnetic resonance functional brain connections in patients with obstructive sleep apnea–hypopnea syndrome
Brain regions that support accurate speech production after damage to Broca’s area
Voxel-based meta-analysis of grey matter changes in Alzheimer’s disease
Locus Coeruleus Integrity from 7 T MRI Relates to Apathy and Cognition in Parkinsonian Disorders
Cerebral hypoperfusion in post-COVID-19 cognitively impaired subjects revealed by arterial spin labeling MRI
Functional connectivity of the attention networks is altered and relates to neuropsychological outcomes in children with prenatal alcohol exposure
Frailty and functional brain connectivity (FBC) in older adults with mild cognitive impairment (MCI): baseline results from the SYNERGIC Trial
Patterns of postictal cerebral perfusion in idiopathic generalized epilepsy: a multi-delay multi-parametric arterial spin labelling perfusion MRI study
Assessing the Role of Cannabis Use on Cortical Surface Structure in Adolescents and Young Adults: Exploring Gender and Aerobic Fitness as Potential Moderators
The “social brain” is highly sensitive to the mere presence of social information: An automated meta-analysis and an independent study
Functional neural correlates of psychopathy: a meta-analysis of MRI data
"Meta-connectomic analysis maps consistent, reproducible, and transcriptionally relevant functional connectome hubs in the human brain"
Deactivation of somatosensory and visual cortices during vestibular stimulation is associated with older age and poorer balance
Brain networks of perceptual decision-making: an fMRI ALE meta-analysis
Effect of acupuncture on the modulation of functional brain regions in migraine: A meta-analysis of fMRI studies
Functional MRI-Specific Alterations in Executive Control Network in Mild Cognitive Impairment: An ALE Meta-Analysis
Parental Praise Correlates with Posterior Insular Cortex Gray Matter Volume in Children and Adolescents
Surface-Based Functional Alterations in Early-Onset and Late-Onset Parkinson’s Disease: A Multi-Modal MRI Study
Hypoconnectivity networks in schizophrenia patients: A voxel-wise meta-analysis of Rs-fMRI
Relationship between Interleukin-6 Gene Polymorphism and Hippocampal Volume in Antipsychotic-Naïve Schizophrenia: Evidence for Differential Susceptibility?
The modulation effects of the mind-body and physical exercises on the basolateral amygdala-temporal pole pathway on individuals with knee osteoarthritis
A Cortical Substrate for Square-Wave Jerks in Progressive Supranuclear Palsy
Differential mirror neuron system (MNS) activation during action observation with and without social-emotional components in autism: a meta-analysis of neuroimaging studies
Cortical structural changes related to early antiretroviral therapy (ART) interruption in perinatally HIV-infected children at 5 years of age
White Matter Sexual Dimorphism of the Adult Human Brain
Evidence for non-selective response inhibition in uncertain contexts revealed by combined meta-analysis and Bayesian analysis of fMRI data
Perception of dynamic changes in facial affect and identity in autism.
Automatic attention orienting by social and symbolic cues activates different neural networks: an fMRI study.
Neural correlates of inhibition of socially relevant stimuli in adults with autism spectrum disorder.
Striatal contributions to working memory: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study in humans.
Functional neural circuits for mental timekeeping.
The neural basis of attaining conscious awareness of sad mood.
Differences and commonalities in the judgment of causality in physical and social contexts: an fMRI study.
Task-related modulation of effective connectivity during perceptual decision making: dissociation between dorsal and ventral prefrontal cortex
An fMRI study of training voluntary smooth circular eye movements.
Hippocampal involvement in processing of indistinct visual motion stimuli.
Relevance vector machine consciousness classifier applied to cerebral metabolism of vegetative and locked-in patients.
"Cerebral regions associated with verbal response initiation, suppression and strategy use."
Amygdala Reward Reactivity Mediates the Association Between Preschool Stress Response and Depression Severity.
Reduced frontal activity during response inhibition in individuals with psychopathic traits: an sLORETA study.
Single-subject oscillatory gamma responses in tinnitus.
Structural covariance networks of striatum subdivision in patients with Parkinson's disease.
Developmental trajectories of magnitude processing and interference control: an FMRI study.
Residual naming after damage to the left temporal pole: a PET activation study.
Conceptual knowledge in the brain: fMRI evidence for a featural organization.
The effects of aging on the neural basis of implicit associative learning in a probabilistic triplets learning task.
Retrieval of long and short lists from long term memory: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study with human subjects.
An experiment of nature: brain anatomy parallels cognition and behavior in Williams syndrome.
The neural correlates of moral sensitivity: a functional magnetic resonance imaging investigation of basic and moral emotions.
Abnormalities in emotion processing within cortical and subcortical regions in criminal psychopaths: evidence from a functional magnetic resonance imaging study using pictures with emotional content.
Virus and epidemic: causal knowledge activates prediction error circuitry.
"A functional MRI study of the effects of bromocriptine, a dopamine receptor agonist, on component processes of working memory."
Diffusion tensor MRI-based estimation of the influence of brain tissue anisotropy on the effects of transcranial magnetic stimulation.
